wg-client-libraries/README.md, before:

---
title: "Client Libraries Working Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network Client Libraries Working Group

This working group is responsible for the design, implementation, testing and documentation of the client libraries to interact with the Akash Network.

## Meetings

[Tuesday February 7, 2023 01:00 PM PT (Pacific Time)](https://meet.google.com/swo-zrit-ztg?authuser=0)


| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Tuesday, February 7, 2023 1:00 PM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-client-libraries/meetings/001-2023-02-07.md)  | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-client-libraries/meetings/001-2023-02-07.md#transcript) | [Link](https://yjnhucpjmpbftxcrx7eozj3vhxpwrbjhqfw3t5a3kluwfsach2rq.arweave.net/wlp6CeljwlncUb_I7Kd1Pd9ohSeBbbn0G1LpYsgCPqM)


## Leads

- João Luna (@cloud-j-luna)
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs

## Contacts

- [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1054846400275431464)

## Goals

- Define the common interface across the different implementations
- Implement the clients in the following popular technologies: Java, Go, Python, C#, Javascript
- Identify limitations on the Cosmos SDK and design solutions to achieve performant clients
- Create documentation on the libraries' APIs


## PRDs and other documentation
- [Client Libraries Spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/8)


## Related SIGs

- [sig-clients](sig-clients)
- [sig-deployments](sig-deployments)

Commit message:

feat: updates to sync community repo with website repo (#880)
Co-authored-by: Dharamveer singh <dharamveersingh.em@gmail.com>

wg-client-libraries/README.md, after:

---
title: "Client Libraries Working Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
description: This working group is responsible for the design, implementation, testing and documentation of the client libraries to interact with the Akash Network.

category: working-groups

meetings:
  dateLabel: Calendar
  link:
    label: Tuesday, February 7, 2023 1:00 PM PT (Pacific Time)
    link: "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20"

githubLink: "https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-client-libraries"

discordLink: "https://discord.com/invite/akash"
---

# Akash Network Client Libraries Working Group

This working group is responsible for the design, implementation, testing and documentation of the client libraries to interact with the Akash Network.

## Meetings

[Tuesday February 7, 2023 01:00 PM PT (Pacific Time)](https://meet.google.com/swo-zrit-ztg?authuser=0)

| Meeting | Time                                                | Notes                                                                                                       | Transcript                                                                                                             | Recording                                                                                                                    |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| #1      | Tuesday, February 7, 2023 1:00 PM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-client-libraries/meetings/001-2023-02-07.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-client-libraries/meetings/001-2023-02-07.md#transcript) | [Link](https://yjnhucpjmpbftxcrx7eozj3vhxpwrbjhqfw3t5a3kluwfsach2rq.arweave.net/wlp6CeljwlncUb_I7Kd1Pd9ohSeBbbn0G1LpYsgCPqM) |

## Leads

- João Luna (@cloud-j-luna)
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs

## Contacts

- [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1054846400275431464)

## Goals

- Define the common interface across the different implementations
- Implement the clients in the following popular technologies: Java, Go, Python, C#, Javascript
- Identify limitations on the Cosmos SDK and design solutions to achieve performant clients
- Create documentation on the libraries' APIs

## PRDs and other documentation

- [Client Libraries Spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/8)

## Related SIGs

- [sig-clients](sig-clients)
- [sig-deployments](sig-deployments)
