
# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Discuss the current [Akash.network website](https://akash.network/). 
- Discuss the major pain points with the current Akash Website.
- Define long term vision for Akash Network Website. 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, February 21, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://m5thmioso6odpzh3s5ectf6f22ht6evkykz2cgikzrkq4kkh46kq.arweave.net/Z2Z2IdJ3nDfk-5dIKZfF1o8_EqrCs6EZCsxVDilH55U)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- JABZ RODGERS
- Julius Lattke
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Notes
- Tyler thanks everyone for joining the Akash website Working Group session
- Issues related to Akash website will be addressed in the Akash website repo, not the support repo
- Denis shares a document with guidelines gathered from discussions, including prioritizing website performance, keeping it simple with straightforward typography and illustrations, and following Akash's brand guidelines
- Denis suggests reviewing the existing website and making a list of improvements, following the set of rules on Github for reporting bugs.
- Review to be done outside of Github initially, and then refined before adding to Github
- Julius has shared ideas for website improvements, which have been approved by Tyler and Denis, but may require more resources and time.

### Akash Website Improvement Discussion
- Tyler suggests a two-prong approach to improve the Akash website: Clean up the current GitHub repo, potentially by replacing floating balloon or piggy illustrations with more meaningful and contextual ones. Optimize the website to better tell the story to new and existing users
- Denis and Tyler discuss options for collecting insights and feedback, considering using a user-friendly platform like Google Docs instead of GitHub to avoid duplicating issues
- Tyler emphasizes the importance of auditing and discussion in the first phase of the website improvement process.
- Each member is encouraged to audit the website from their own perspective
- Follow-up meeting planned to collect information and narrow down issues for GitHub
- Discussion needed to determine who will implement the solutions and whether incentives or bounties will be offered
- Tyler emphasizes that implementation may involve current group members or community members, and decisions will be made based on the group's recommendations and feedback
- Denis Lelic talks about the need for improvement of the current website and looks forward to contributions.
- Tyler Wright explains the creative direction chosen for the website and the need to consider past pain points.
- Tyler Wright emphasizes the importance of website performance and avoiding past issues.
- Tyler Wright mentions the need for the website to be open source and not dependent on specific individuals.

### Incentivizing Community Contributions 
- Denis Lelic discusses the possibility of incentivizing community behavior for website updates.
- Adam Wozney suggests creating a lightweight budget for quarterly resources from the community pool to support individuals in updating the website.
- Denis Lelic and Tyler Wright discuss the idea of using bounties as rewards for tackling specific tasks.
- Zach Horn clarifies that bounties are typically paid out after completing the task, not in advance.
- Tyler Wright suggests considering quarterly payouts for specific roles or tasks, similar to how vanguards are compensated.
- Denis Lelic mentions Julius' input on improving the flow and storytelling of Akash Network's homepage and subsequent pages

### Suggestions for Improving Akash Network Website's Homepage and Ecosystem page.
- Denis Lelic suggests creating guides or tutorials for console or cloudmos as an entry point for end users.
- Tyler Wright asks George for feedback on Akash Network website and improvements for information and storytelling.
- Julius Lattke shares that Greg mentioned that the current website is not targeted towards end users, but towards technical people who want to build on Akash.
- Julius Lattke suggests creating an App store-like ecosystem page that highlights apps built on Akash, in addition to projects and service providers.
- Julius Lattke compares Akash to water and ships, suggesting to highlight the apps built on top of Akash for users who just want to use the protocol.
- Denis Lelic agrees with the approach of supporting builders and providing apps for users as a way to start.
- Tyler Wright suggests improving the front page of the Akash Network website to showcase the cloud, Akash console, and different ways to deploy and become a provider.
- Tyler Wright uses the analogy of Airbnb and suggests making it easy for users to find information on how to become a provider, deployer, or tenant on Akash.
- Denis Lelic agrees with Tyler's point and mentions that the Akash ecosystem has multiple levels, including projects deploying their front end, validators, and products built on top of Akash.
- Denis Lelic suggests adding a filtering system to the ecosystem page to showcase what is being deployed and built on Akash more clearly.
Tyler Wright agrees with Denis and expresses the need to showcase the ecosystem in a better and more direct manner on the website.

### Community Contribution Page
- Tyler Wright suggests discussing any other feedback or important callouts related to the current website and future direction.
- Adam Wozney proposes the idea of a community contributions page where users can add recorded videos, written guides, and other Akash-related content as a central repository.
- Adam Wozney asks if blog content should be linked to a Medium page or if users can use any source they want and link it on the community contributions page.
- Adam Wozney explains that the contributions page would have sections for written content (links to blog posts, technical guides) and video content (links to recorded videos on YouTube, Vimeo, etc.) with descriptions for each category.
- Adam Wozney suggests that using a Medium page owned by Akash might be easier and more uniform for community members to draft and contribute written content.
- Adam Wozney confirms that the content would be external.
- Denis Lelic requests Adam Wozney to share the pull request for the contributions page on Github in the working group on Discord. Adam Wozney agrees to share the pull request and mentions that he may have made a mistake in submitting it previously.
- Denis Lelic suggests considering the presentation and design of the contributions page and asks for a quick draft of the design.

### Community Content Hosting Options
- Tyler Wright suggests that in the past there was an idea of having anyone who wanted to do a blog, whether it be an overclock team member or a community member, do so via the Github repo in Markdown.
- Tyler Wright proposes the idea of using YouTube as a platform for community members to share videos, as YouTube has been a place where many community members have discovered Akash Network.
- Zach Horn agrees with Tyler Wright and emphasizes that YouTube is a great discovery platform for Akash Network and suggests finding a way to push community content towards YouTube.
- Zach Horn also mentions that they receive requests from people who have written blogs and want Akash Network to either copy it to their website or link to it from Akash, indicating a significant volume of external links that people want to host on Akash.
- Denis Lelic asks about linking content to Substack, and Zach Horn confirms that Substack provides a web link for posts that can be accessed externally.
- Tyler Wright suggests keeping as much content external as possible to avoid slowing down the website and mentions that third-party platforms like Medium or YouTube could be the way to go.
- Denis Lelic comments on the significant amount of content already on Substack and suggests keeping it alive if a use for it is found.
- Tyler Wright acknowledges the feedback and suggests guiding contributors on proper naming and tagging of content to make it easily searchable.
- Zach Horn agrees with Tyler Wright's proposal and suggests that linking to external content would be more practical than hosting it on Akash's official channels.
- Zach Horn agrees with the proposal and emphasizes the importance of making content easily discoverable and accessible to the community.
 
## Action Item: 
- Denis Lelic to post a document in Discord for gathering feedback on the website and create guidelines for better feedback.
- Follow-up meeting to be planned to collect information and narrow down issues for Github.
- Adam to share the pull request for the community contributions page on Github in the working group on Discord.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Zach Horn: Yeah, I was still Mut.

Tyler Wright: Can you hear me now? Perfect, sorry about that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Welcome again, everybody to the first Akash website, Working Group session This working group is to kind of discuss review and then work on implementation of updates and or design direction changes to the AKASH.NETWORK website.

Tyler Wright:  Before I pass off to Dennis, again, I want to thank everybody for joining this working group session. Again, if anybody has any issues that they want to put into, Of the repo, we're going to put all issues for this akash website in the Akash website, repo, so we're not going to put these in the support repo, but again, before we get going with any issues and I'll pass off to dentists to get us started because I know we have some action items Denis, take it away.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks. I think we can start off just by sharing the document. I think I shared with Julius, but I'm not sure George has seen it. So I'm just gonna put it here.

Denis Lelic:  and, What you can see here, are some guidelines I've gathered with my discussion, mainly with Greg, and this is kind of was his vision. How to A ship this. Thing. So we should prioritize website performance, like it should be always fast. No, you know, heavy loading. Anything that could, you know, jam the whole website. Keeping it simple, which means like just using Straightforward typography and illustrations and just to keep in mind of all of Akash's brand guy and lines. So using the right logos using the right colors, using the right. Typography mainly.

Denis Lelic:  Well, how I envisioned but you know I want to keep this meeting like an open discussion. So this is just a draft of this document so whoever things, whoever thinks that things would be, you know, done in a different in a better way. Just, you know, feel free to And let me know. I envisioned this like we should do this in some sort of a sprint and mainly we should focus on On on low hanging fruits, in the first stages. So what I suggest we do is just review the existing website. Whatever. It's there. Just go through it and see what works and what not and,

Denis Lelic:  We also have to keep in mind, there's a sort of some sort of set of rules that are also available on Github. So, there is like, If we're reporting a bug, you need to place a description. Describe the issue you're seeing and, you know, just follow these steps.

Denis Lelic:  But before going there, me and Tyler. Just previously, discussed, we should gather this Outside of Github. just everyone who wants to participate and review the website you know just make a list of everything that bothers you, everything that could be better, everything that is missing, maybe And we'll just make a list and after that we can refine the list and I'll also add these conventional commits that are were requested. Also by Greg and we can just put everything on Github later on. That's the low hanging fruits part. So I think after This review we could focus on website. Improvements Julius already shared.

Denis Lelic: Some of ideas and I whoever had a chance to look at that video. I believe. Approved it at least me and Tyler discussed, so we approved everything, Julius said. So but it just takes a little bit more resources and time. To do those things. But I would mainly focus on like,â€¦

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: what's the easiest way to improve the website now, like You know, this means like Okay, let's switch those illustrations in something, a bit more meaningful. Something that has a bit more context that goes along with the text there, not just floating balloon or piggy? Or, I can't really remember what what's there at the moment, but you get the point I guess.

Julius Lattke: One question. Sorry. And do you, how do you plan or How are we collecting those insights? Like it's. Do you want to do a form or something?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, me and Tyler were just discussing that. I would keep it out of Github. I believe there are a bit more user friendly, you know, even a dark from Google. Would maybe be a better place together that and we can, I I'm sure we're gonna find, you know,

Denis Lelic:  Similar things there. And we don't, we don't want to have like double issues in the gift github. So, after we finally finalize this document, we can go through it and make sure. The bugs or improvements are not doubled or tripled.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think just to add our thought process was with these groups. With the stakeholders here, we want to get all the ideas about the two-prong approach, right? How we can improve the current website that's open sourcing github. That's done in Markdown. How we can kind of clean that up and then how we can optimize Julius you kind of mention this in your loom how we can optimize to better tell the story to new and existing users that are interacting with Akash.network? I'm not really sure that we're able to do that. In the way that we want to with the current website. As is, maybe we decide we can over time, but I do want to attack in two phases so that we're constantly working on the website. I also think that George brought up a good point that

Tyler Wright:  In this first phase, it should really be about auditing and discussion. So at this first phase, the idea is that every member here that wants to participate will audit the website in their own and from their own perspective. Then we have a follow-up meeting, where we collect all that information and we might pair that down the issues that we can then throw into github. Some of those issues might be low-hanging fruit. Like the current website issues and some of those issues might be like design direction. This is how we want to move in the future. Once we've figured out what those issues are and how they can separate them, one important thing that we have to figure out via this group is, who's how are they going to be implemented? So who is individual? That will be implementing them. And is there an Akt, a bounty, or some sort of

Tyler Wright:  Incentivization, that will push this individual to implement the solutions developed from this working group. So that's something that will figure out over time whether it's like a member that's currently here, or whether it's somebody that'll be fine from the community. That once this group has made decisions on how we want to move forward that person or group of people can then implement those solutions. So that's really the attack that we want to take. I think as

Tyler Wright:  Denis mentioned, That's Julius. I think is you mentioned quickly are meant to previously, We don't want to like be spending a month and like doing absolutely nothing. We want to be working pretty quickly amongst this group and kind of making changes as quickly as possible. I know, Adam Wozney has been making changes or trying to make changes from onto the community section of the website adding like a community contribution page. So page. So it's like individuals from the community make videos and guys that can live in like a aggregated place. That's supposed to being treated about one time and then just going into the abyss. So, there's like some short-term things that this group is already thinking about that. We want to implement. And then again, at the same time, we always want to be thinking about how to optimize this website. So that, we could eventually like kill this working group and the website is like something that we're all proud of.

Tyler Wright:  So that makes sense on like the next steps and like, kind of where we are right now.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Look at looking at the bright side, you know if the website would be you know, made like perfect and everything would You know would be like in a best form or shape. They there were would be no this working group for for the website. So You know, there's room for improvement. So I'm looking forward. You know, whoever wants to participate and contribute. I'm sure we can make it better.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and I also think it was good to have this context especially for someone like George again. The way that we use discord and I love those kinds of conversations. Those deliverables, joys that you put in there, like talking about how things can be improved. I think those are the meaningful conversations that we need to be having you know, speaking frankly like um, there's overclock At one point when they were leading direction on the website, had there was a number of different creative directions on how we wanted to move forward. We chose one direction, we've gone forward. And this document that That Denis kind of put together is kind of like a prospective on why we went in the direction that we went. Right. That's not saying, that's the best direction, but that's the direction that we went. And so I want everybody to have that lay of the land, so that if they continue to improve the website, we're still taking into some of these accounts, you know, like

Tyler Wright:  Again, I know that there's many ways of website could be improved, but I know that prior like website performance is something that's important, right? We don't want something that historically, we had a website that was built in next day after took a long time to load. We had these big video boxes that didn't load on all these different browsers. And I know that that was a lack of optimization on that current website but these are some of the pain points that we are facing in the past. I think we wanted to avoid in this new rendition. Another thing that we want to make sure is clear and maybe this is why we're using Github. And maybe there's another solution that we should look into is. It's very important for this website to continue to be open source so that it doesn't depend on a Denis or a George.

Tyler Wright:  having a login to make changes, it should be so that a number of people can make PRS and those things can be committed a part of like a review process and then those things can be enacted in closer to real-time um, and so again, whether it's Github or some other solution, it's very important for us to keep That open feel for this website so that's just something I wanted to add an addition to again website performance. Keeping it simple. And and then obviously optimizing for our brand.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. since this is our first meeting, you know, Julius George Zack. Adam Jabz. Whoever has you know any Ideas, any comments would like to share, please do.

Adam Wozney: Have you given any thought to? Incentivizing community behavior on updates on the website. So, for example, creating like a a lightweight budget where it's maybe like, Every quarter. There will be X amount of, you know, resources from the community pool, dedicated to maybe one or two individuals from the community. That'd be interested in actually supporting you on updating the website, whether it's small, copy ideas, edits or maybe graphic design stuff.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, me and Tyler. Actually discussed this and I think it would work well, in In a way of bounties. So you know we can create out of these working groups, some sort of bounties and whoever tackles that bounty, make it, you know.

Denis Lelic:  Put it off, scratch it off the list, which should definitely get some sort of a reward.

Tyler Wright: I think Adam one thing to add and maybe this is something we could figure out is there was some discussion on whether or not we wanted to create like roles where folks would Get Akt on a quarterly basis to do things versus bounties and I think it was decided that we would prefer it would be better. Coming from the community pool or wherever to have folks do the work and then get paid after the work as opposed to get paid and then do the work.

Tyler Wright:  Just something worth noting.

Zach Horn: Just a just a jump in real quick on that point though. Correct me if I'm wrong here. If you guys are thinking about differently that I would think about a bounty as a as a an amount of currency Akt, or whatnot, assigned to a task that we would approve and it would be paid out after the task. I don't think about a bounty typically as being paid out in advance. You guys think about that differently. I've seen bounty programs at various styles and whatnot, that that work that way where you basically prove to do a task.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: But then, the payout is after it's completed.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I I feel the same way.

00:15:00

Zach Horn:  Okay.

Denis Lelic:  I mean, it's like a regular regular job. You do stuff but then you get paid.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, totally. I just to your point on like, paying out quarterly, I don't think that conflicts with the bounty idea.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Got you?

Denis Lelic:  Cool.

Tyler Wright: Yeah I was thinking about the court that paying out quarterly like all right similar to how we do with vanguards I guess they get paid after but it's like all right. This you have this set role. Here's some Akt and here's a work we're asking to do over this period of time as opposed to Again.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, you've done, you've tackled these 15 issues. Here's some sort of Akt value related to that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um yeah. I do want to open up for discussion. I know that Julius has talked about like kind of a path forward starting with the home page and some of the other subsequent pages on how the flow can be improved to like do a better job of storytelling. Not only like what Akash does but like walk them through, how to Use it,â€¦

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: you know, pretty effectively without having to go through the documentation because I want to know that's something that I obviously Denis and I and others from Overclock to talk about I just want to figure out That's a direction that most folks are thinking or like George have you all experience like gone through the Akash Network website and what are some things that you think need to be improved as it pertains to like information and storytelling.

Tyler Wright: But George doesn't. You might be on mute if you can't talk right now. That's all right. Just Julius you have anything that I know you kind of already gone through and given a small presentation. But since then has there been any more thoughts on your mind as it pertains to

Julius Lattke: Um, yeah, I talked to a doctor Denis and and to Greg and especially Greg said that end users aren't really the target group of the current of the of the website. And I of course, I haven't. Thought about it for from that point of view I because I I was thinking about the the experience from my perspective as a end user basically as somebody who knows some technical stuff, but not a lot. But Greg said That's that's not even the goal for for the Akash website and for Akash how it is supposed to be as an open source protocol in the future. So like Some stuff I mentioned there in in the video in the room.

Julius Lattke:  Wouldn't, I wouldn't do it. Like, I don't see it that like 100% that way now nowadays, because I think it should be looked at then from a different perspective, like really targeting technical people that want to build on top of Akash, like more builders thing, not like users thing. And that was basically, what what I did back then, in that thing. So, but I have no idea how to approach that because I'm not in the, in those shoes because I know they service provider anything. But yeah, that's, that was something I took away from the last week's calls and meetings.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I think there could be like a set of guides or tutorials maybe for console or cloud mouse, for example, because that's the entry point for, for the end user.

Denis Lelic: Work. So, Maybe it's,â€¦

Julius Lattke: yeah, I mean Something like an App store orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: you know. yeah, go for

Julius Lattke: something. I guess would be would be something to start with like when I say App Store. I mean, because right now the ecosystem page, there's everything on it, right? I mean, I think Black build it on a weekend or something and just put everything. So, everything who's like hosting Akash or has like his, I don't know some project running on Akash is mentioned there, but I think there's like they're the people that are using Akash for stuff, but then there are like the apps for our cash. I would say. And I think that's something interesting, especially when it comes to protocol because, like, like Akash is the water, all the ships are like traveling on and I think we should highlight the ships and like, say, okay? And if you want to build your own

Denis Lelic:  yeah.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: If?

Julius Lattke:  Let's say ship in that energy. Then we support you, here you go. There and there and there and there. But if you just want to use it, use the protocol. Then you have all these like, five 10, 20 applications that help you doing it. Yeah, maybe that's that's way to start.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I go for a title.

Tyler Wright: I was just going to say That's the direction I love. I think, obviously I love the storytelling a Julius had in that loom, but the most important thing I thought that was that we need to do a better job of showcasing on the front page of the home page is the cloud, most the akash console different ways in which you can deploy and or become a provider. So like the prayer tool that should be like front and center from like one, scroll or maybe without a scroll, just a click, you can access how to become a provider or how to become a deployer, like, or how to become a tenant on Akash. I think that's what, like, when we talk about this airbnb, analogy, when you go to airbnb, obviously, you can interact with like the management system, but if you're trying to find a place to live,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Here.

Tyler Wright: it's it's very easy to do that. If you're trying to put your place online, it's very easy to do that. And I don't think we make that very easy to do right now and we should even if it's like user experience it's not the main audience. We should know that users are going to come to the website,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Well.

Tyler Wright: the first point of reference and we

Tyler Wright:  To push them very quickly into direction that they're trying to go.

Tyler Wright:  Sorry. Dennis you did you have something? I just thought that was important point to, like, call.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, good call. Yeah, I just wanted to say like the the ecosystem is has many levels I guess.

Denis Lelic:  And as you mentioned, you know, there's like projects there are just deploying their front end on Akash network through cloud mode, for example, or through CLI or, I don't know. And Then on the other hand, you have validators. And then on the other hand, you have products built on top of Akash network. So so the ecosystem page should definitely have more. Maybe some filtering system. So you see what's being deployed on Akash? What's being built on Akash? And just to showcase that thing a little bit better in a more clear and directly.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright:  Is there any other feedback? Because I know that you had some conversation Denis and Julius with Greg is any other any of anything that we haven't talked about today that you think it's worth calling out as we know for anybody that hasn't joined this meeting or maybe listen to recording later, that's like an important call out as we think about the current website and any future direction.

Denis Lelic: It.

Adam Wozney: one one idea I was thinking about is we mentioned the community contributions page and that would be a place for folks to add Recorded videos, they've done written guides. Any sort of akash related content that lives on the Web,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Adam Wozney: just kind of a central repository for it. Have you guys thought about blog content, Is it something where we'd want to maybe link to a medium page? I think most crypto projects use medium because this is an easy way for community members to contribute blog content, or is this something where they use, whatever source they want and link to it on the community contributions page. Any thoughts on that?

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. What what exactly would be part of that? Community page like articles, what else?

Adam Wozney: Yes. So right now, the way that I put in the pull request for the contributions page or basically sections and it's once it basically has an overview on what the Community Contribution page is and then it has a section for written content. So it'd be like, links to blog posts links to got technical guides, you know, written content and then there'll be a link underneath it for video content. So recorded videos like YouTube. Vimeo, whatever people have hosted video content before, just links to those things and descriptions for each of those categories. But I'm thinking through it, it might be just easier to

Adam Wozney:  Sync up or link in a medium page that Akash owns because I think a lot of people are comfortable with medium. It's an easy kind of tool to, to create written content and just, it's a little bit more seamless, I would say and having community members, actually draft stuff. So it's it's a little bit more sort of looking for. It's a little bit more uniform and how it would look rather than just a bunch of links to random places. Like some of these links people could put in our links to public, Google docs and some of these links could be to a medium page. Some of them could be to, you know, a website where another blog is posted. It just wouldn't look feel as uniform, so I'm thinking maybe a medium page would be kind of encourages a place to draft that content up, but just thinking out loud.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: Would all of that content be external.

Adam Wozney: Yep.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Denis Lelic:  I try to actually try to find that request of yours on Github, but I couldn't find it. If you have a chance, maybe could you just drop that on in the working group on Discord?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, for sure. I I think I put that up maybe, oh, two weeks ago and it hasn't been added. So I'm wondering it's probably just user error. I'm sure I put in the pull request wrong, but I'm Yeah, I'll I can send it to you orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay, yeah,â€¦

Adam Wozney: put it in the channel.

Denis Lelic: so maybe we can think about also like

Denis Lelic:  the form that this page is presented.

Denis Lelic:  Just, you know, a quick draft of design.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I just want to add to that. I think in the past there was an idea that we were going to and Zach correct me from wrong. We were going to have anybody that wanted to do a blog whether it be overclock team member a community member would do so via the Github repo via the cash repo like and in Markdown, I actually like the idea of medium I would actually also Put out there and this is just for discussion instead of having video that we have some place on Vimeo some over here. What about the idea of requiring community members to put the video on like a YouTube? Because it seems like YouTube has been a place where a number of people from the community have discovered us.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And medium would kind of be the same way where we have basically. These two places where we're pushing our community to

Tyler Wright:  Share information again YouTube and medium. That is more easily accessible. Then if we have it all over the place, yeah. Perfect.

Zach Horn: Um yes, I agree with that strongly. A couple things one. Yes, we've gotten the feedback a few times that people have found us directly on YouTube, like we've even gotten a comment from some like significant partners that we worked with that. They're like we found you on YouTube and had we not found you on YouTube we probably would never have known about you. So YouTube is a great discovery platform for us. We should definitely

Zach Horn:  Figure out a way that we can push community content that direction. Another thought is that we this comes through Twitter DM. So this may not be super like visible to you guys but we get tons of requests from people that have written blogs already and they're like, Hey it's on my website. Can you guys either copy it to your website, or link to it from Akash? So like we get a lot of demand for that already. So however, we're thinking about this page, we need to think about it in terms of like we're get We already have a significant volume of links that people want us to like, host on Akash but they're external links dentists to your point. But I do like having media and maybe a YouTube channel where like if somebody hasn't posted something already, we can push them to one of these channels that we run, so it keeps it very like uniform.

Denis Lelic: Are we linking any content to sub stack?

Zach Horn: How do you mean?

Denis Lelic:  I mean, you can access the previous newsletters on Substack, right? You can just scroll through them and read them or are they not available?

Zach Horn:  Yeah. So substat gives you a link of post-it posts, so they like to go up by email, but then you also get a web link that's permanent.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. now, I was just thinking besides Medium. Is that another platform we can link to?

Zach Horn: Yeah, for sure. Subsets. A little just for context,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I often.

Zach Horn: sub-sax a little up in the air at this point and make it consolidated. But I'm open to keeping it, keeping it alive, if we want to push community there.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: I mean we already have a lot of content there.

Zach Horn: A fair amount maybe maybe 10 or so posts over the past year, it's it was only Akash weekly prior to this and since we're not bringing Akash weekly back, I don't think that's why it's a little up in hereâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Okay. Okay.

Zach Horn: but I'm open to keeping it alive, if we find a use for it.

Tyler Wright: Two pieces of feedback.

Denis Lelic:  Cool.

Tyler Wright: I I think that it might be good for us to to Adam's point. Keep as much content external as possible because I believe that the more content we start hosting the slower, the website will become, especially if we start hosting like blogs and videos and all that kind of stuff. So, I think that third party is a way to go like a medium or YouTube, my only feedback would be, I don't know if we should Be having an akash. um, You too. I know we already have one but I don't know if we should be forcing people to like send us a content and then we have to upload it as opposed to. Hey all right. If you want if you want to contribute to this page here's what we need to do. You need to create a YouTube video and send us the link. you know, and so it can come from

Tyler Wright:  They're not to come from the Akash Network official, YouTube, it can come from any, but then we can help them with like, naming things properly. So it's easily searchable. And then we could just attach to link to whatever piece of content they have, and then it could be done that way, you know?

Zach Horn: Definitely keep keep in mind. I'm only talking about links here. So when I when I say hosting that's what people are asking for. But I'm only proposing that we link out to their content. I'm not saying that we uploaded to To a cost on network, same with YouTube. Like I don't, I don't think people would be sending us video files be more like they would host it. They would post it to their own YouTube channel and we would link to it somewhere because yeah, I don't, that would be a coordination issue. To try to get like,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Zach Horn: people access to our account and whatnot.

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Um,

Tyler Wright:  no Zach's. Totally to George. I know that you might be mute. You could also throw it in discord, too, but I would love to hear your Experience with like interacting with the website, and the information and how it maybe like what what's your journey from the website to becoming an insider?

George Pro: Yeah. Okay. I accept he did website. I didn't like, I didn't document my daddy, why it is I've been to a lot of website I did. I said Then I've seen a lot of people looks like. So when I was saying the Akash website, I didn't really check all the visits, all the things that I wanted to be changed or something. So I think I have to go back and then Look at the website again and they go to the same process and see the thing I want you to be take.

Tyler Wright: Okay, beautiful. That's fine. Yeah. Denis, unless you have anything else you want to talk about? I think maybe the next action item coming from this meeting is that we'll share something or we'll share a path in discord withâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: how people can start auditing and discussing the website. Maybe it is a forum. Maybe it is like a dock, but we'll figure that out of the next day or so. And then we'll share and discord for people to Give feedback on the website andâ€¦

George Pro: it's

Tyler Wright: then maybe not next week but the week after we'll have a meeting on Tuesday where we'll talk about that feedback unless you want to meet every Tuesday. I'm happy to do. Whatever and obviously could be optional but however you want to move forward with the sprints you. Let me know.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. I'll just post A document where we're gonna get. We're, we're gonna gather all the feedback for the website and Just a short guideline of what exactly do we need to to get a better feedback from whoever is contributing?

George Pro: Here.

Denis Lelic: That's it guys, from my side. Tyler, I think you're muted, I couldn't hear,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I am mute,â€¦

Denis Lelic: you know.

Tyler Wright: I emitted. So then besides that, then we'll put in the chat. When the next meeting will be well, we won't have that schedule right now. We'll probably schedule over the next week or so and add it to the calendar.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think so. I meet.

Tyler Wright: Okay, that's fine with me. Yeah. Well.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, cool.

Tyler Wright: Or does anyone else have anything they want to share our in regards to the website? Again? I know there's been a lot of conversation happening in discord, so anybody that's not here in this meeting. Please take a look back at discord and see all the conversation, all the videos and assets that have been dropped in there. But again, Denis will also drop this document somewhere if you could see the path that got us to where the current Akash.network website is and then our next action items are to audit and discuss. What the how we can change the current website with small low-hanging, fruit changes, as well as some of these bigger design direction changes, with the next, deliverable being after that conversation and discussion, and we'll start to throw some of these issues into the Akashat Network website repo.

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. Well, again, I appreciate you all. Thank you all for participating. In the first meeting. We'll talk to you online. Or as Adam says,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Thank you.

Tyler Wright: we'll talk to you in the middle of

Adam Wozney: That's not how I say it. We'll see you in the Metaverse.

Tyler Wright: So, we'll see you in another verse.

Adam Wozney: Perfect. Now you got my catchphrase.

Denis Lelic: I want to hear Adam singing that.

Adam Wozney:  No, you don't. No one does.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Thanks guys. Bye-bye.

Adam Wozney: Later guys.

Tyler Wright: Allâ€¦

Zach Horn: Take.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

George Pro: All right, bye.

Meeting ended after 00:36:28 ðŸ‘‹



