# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Discuss design direction from Denis
- Discussion of docs page.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 18th, 2023
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro

## Notes

- Denis kicked off the meeting with talking about how the group will move forward.
- Denis showcased 
- Denis talked about the Contribution page. There needs to be an easy way for folks to contribute.
- Denis talked about the Community page.
- Emmanual joined the meeting and offered his support to help improve the website. He builds in react and tailwind. He also likes NextJS and recommends building in those newer technologies. 
- Emmanuel will take a look at the website repo and comment in discord. 




### Action Items

- Tyler and Zach will determine if Replit can be used for Akash website.
- Denis will add issues with mock ups to website repo. 
- Emmanuel will look into the website repo, and see where he can offer help.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Welcome to another AKASH website working session. I'm gonna hand it over to Dennis to get us started. This working group is really about again, continuing to develop and improve Akash.network website, which includes obviously, the homepage ecosystem community page docs and a number of other pages. So, without further do a handoff to Denis who's going to continue a conversation for our previous meeting.

Denis Lelic:  Thanks Tyler. Yeah, so maybe we just get it started with the homepage. I had an idea. And I have to ask maybe Joe if this is possible. And I know the console here is not the one we are using at the moment and it's not actual one. So, it's just serves as a mock-up, but I was thinking, if it's possible to embed the console to our homepage, so you could kind of scroll within our homepage through the console. So you have like templates here or you can just hit the button and it opens up the console for you. That's one idea. I had added just here. but the main thing was page for getting started and ecosystem page,

Denis Lelic:  maybe we just start with getting started. Um, from my perspective, there's like couple of way to get started with Akash. One would be to start deploying something. The other one would be to become a provider provider, and the others are just like, educational content. So, you're here for learning experiences, and other one would be like to join Akash community. So this works kind of like a decision tree so you hit deploy and then you're presented with a couple of options. in our previous session, Luna mentioned like he would like to have, of course, his contribution here which is terraform and the client libraries Next to the Akash cons CLI. so,

Denis Lelic:  ideally, we would have like Nice tiles here where user could select any of these options. But we could support.

Denis Lelic:  We could offer additional support in this page, which would include essentials and that's the stuff you need before. You want to deploy anything. So you need a capital wallet. And that's about it actually and

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, we could offer like additional resources which would be like sdl's in the awesome Akash repository on Github and when we're when we have them we can also list a bunch of tutorial tutorials here. Of course, like Faq's.

Denis Lelic:  Would be helpful in this part of the page as well. That's one thing. Do you have any any comments, any ideas, any suggestions? We can just interrupt me. Anytime.

Denis Lelic:  Are you still there, guys?

Tyler Wright: I'm here. I When we think about speed and efficiency of the website, I'm not sure embedding.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Is the best route? That's my only feedback. I like all the other ideas. I like the decision tree. I just wonder if like when you think about embedding on multiple content devices if it gets complex andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: it slows down the experience or if it's even necessary versus just like one click into console, you know. Um, but I think maybe like a visual of it, you know, like I think Luna talked about this in a sick design meeting in the previous website. You could kind of like see the experience of like maybe even using the console or deploying onto a provider. We can like mimic that somehow you know what I'm saying.

Denis Lelic:  I can just repeat that the experience.

Tyler Wright: So right here, you have like a picture and I think that it's designed to be an embed andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I was thinking instead of having in bed you can have a button that clicks the console. But in that instead of that picture, you can either have like a screenshot of the console so that people can get familiar with how it looks. Or you can have like a similar kind of experience that we had on the previous website, the overclock manage, where as you scroll down the page, it takes you through like, what a deployment kind of look like,â€¦

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Just realized up. I think it was cli of.

Tyler Wright: or something like that. So, it's

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah. But we don't have to do CLI. We could do something a little bit more screenshot, but we have like Kepler deploy, you know, are like get your, you know, create a deployment,â€¦

Denis Lelic: First.

Tyler Wright: you know, except the lease all that kind of stuff, and just like, had it. Scroll down the page a little bit so they can see it.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Maybe it's not necessary for the home page.

Denis Lelic:  Just making some notes. Yeah, thanks type. Um, what about?

Denis Lelic:  The getting started stuff. Are we missing? First of all, are we missing anything here? Like we have console cloudmose terraform cli and client libraries. Those are the options. If you want to deploy anything.

Tyler Wright: I think that's a good list to start with. If anybody wants to add anything, they can add it later. No. Like the sphere on the FLEEK when they're ready.

Denis Lelic:  For sure. Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Okay. The other option and the other tile would be the second tile would be become a provider. So you have three options for becoming a provider, you can build it on your own. You just go through the docs and read all of that stuff and build one. There's an option to build one with Terraform and there's additional option with the Prader app. So we would have to similar call to actions for the first two, which would be view docs. And the third one would be just launch by that. Yeah, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: I would just say it would be great for us to call out. So I think our website that's a great job like on their website of calling out What if they have two clients that kind of do similar things like what the difference is? So as an example make sure that I pray to our app is like one click or you know something like me shows that involves less code, you know. um, because I think a lot of people that want to become a provider, may not understand the first two paths, you know,

Denis Lelic: Okay, so you're talking about some sort of a indicator which would help the user realize, there's an option for one clip.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, it could be as simple as like,â€¦

Denis Lelic: One one click,

Tyler Wright: if you want to keep it consistent, it could be like the logo. It could be even this bold text or this sub copy under it, where it just makes it very clear. this is, A One-click Deployment. It's like a GUI tool that's designed for folks that are slightly less technical or something like that.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. Okay, cool. Maybe, maybe that would be the option one.

Denis Lelic:  And the other tools options are just like here, you hit the docs and you read more about it there.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Just looking at the third tile here. Akash Resources. At the moment we don't have like a dedicated place for tutorials or guides. Oh actually there is now yeah. But I haven't checked, have you maybe had a look at the community slash contributions or whatever how it's called?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, the community contributions. It's not working properly quite yet, so this needs to be optimized, but the idea is that people will be able to add

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, their own guides and tutorials right here. I do think there's a place and we could talk about this. So this is like a community contributions. I do think there's a place for maybe content that is a little bit more structured and formal that maybe is like coming out of SIG design. That could live, maybe slightly someplace else that could live in like, Official guides. You know I'm saying versus like community contributions?

Tyler Wright:  Does that make sense?

Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm just thinking like If this page grows and people start adding their stuff you need to somehow manage it through, I don't pagination or some sort of a filter.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Oh yeah, it needs it. Yeah, it needs. Yeah, I really needs. I know that Adam did a great job of creating this page, it just needs.

Tyler Wright: Some love in terms of like next steps in. You know as you mentioned Denis like a tagging search functionality even just likeâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: how the tiles are displayed.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I think there's one I made one.

Denis Lelic:  It's just a facelift of the existing one. We would just like, ADD A bit more prominent call to action and divide those contributions with a little bit more spacing in lines.

Denis Lelic: And maybe a call to action to contribute on Github. because, As far as I can understand,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Denis Lelic: you have to force this. And you add your contribution through.

Denis Lelic:  through Github, and it's gonna appear here, so maybe we need some sort of, I don't know, like a short guy guide or At least some text to explain how this thing actually works.

Tyler Wright:  Yes.

Zach Horn: We definitely do. I searched that the laws a week or so ago just that that would be that would be the one other thing that we need for this is a way to explain to people how to contribute because I've already gotten some of those questions from folks that want to contribute to this page. But they're just like Literally, How do you do it, you know, How do you go through the PR process? So, I don't know if that's just a little section of text or like a one, two, three list of like How to Do it or If it's like, it links out to a blog post, it could be any of those things but it's it's on Waz's plate. Now to come up with something For that, but I agree that we need it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: so that, that would be Yeah, I was talking about Akash resources and it kind of got me to that page because it's still somehow connected to the resources because people are going to post their, for example, their tutorials guides and stuff there as well. but, What what are other options for providing? Akash network resources, like one would be dogs Github. And what do we have? Like any Any dedicated page for a guide or tutorials besides that page. Not really right?

Tyler Wright: No, not right now.

Denis Lelic: okay, just checking

Denis Lelic:  Okay. Yeah, okay. So that hopefully this thing is gonna grow. and the page is gonna Look better have more content but let's move on to the next one. The next one would be to join the community. So these are the options. It can become an akash insider validator. I can join and make your contributions to Akash github repo or just if you have an idea, just hit the button, let us know. It's that could lead to a type form. For example if someone has a proposal or something for any new product feature, whatever.

Denis Lelic:  What do you guys think?

Tyler Wright:  Love, I just love how clean this is. I know it kind of matches what Greg has been looking for but it's just like has more structure that I think the current website has and it's just easier to navigate like an easier to consume from an eye level. So I like this,

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I was just trying to continue with the direction which was set up with rag. So, Just keeping it easy and clean.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  One thing, what? We need would be someone to do the we need a front end Dev, so, For example, I propose this on GitHub this page to make the Akash Community page, a little bit more lively with at least adding illustrations and separating the content a little bit more.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic:  Just have. Feeling what I'm talking about. I'm gonna pull this one here.

Denis Lelic: I don't feel like these. Groups here.

Denis Lelic:  Are communicating well enough that this is a clickable thing and it's it's taking you to a whole new page for example. Kind of looks like a table a little bit with some content. So, My proposal would just include adding a little bit of life and graphics creating a bit more structured content. Like, with a headline, sub headline, and a call to action.

Denis Lelic:  Um, yeah. So this is all some of the stuff here is already in the Github issues for the, for the website. But we just need someone to To do some of the front end work. I'll get in touch with Arthur from the Arthur, from previous meetings just to see like If he's willing to do anything about it because he joined a couple of our meetings and but he wasn't really familiar with Hugo and he said he doesn't understand what which kind of library is this. So, I just explained it. It's a, it's a template from Hugo and I lost him there.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. All right, we got a we gotta find the route so it's easier for people to navigate. I was also wondering, is this something that we could put like right put on reflect and see if somebody can help that way?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's gonna drive some traffic. I'm sure at least it did for the car for console, you know. So,

Zach Horn: The positioning here could be for something like rutlet that these for front end devs that this is an easier way to get started because so so much of our code base is like complicated backend infrastructure. This could be a nice way especially for something like red blood. If they're more like junior devs who are looking to do some bounties. This is just a much more accessible way to like contribute. So we could position it that way. Maybe try out Replic and see what we get. I'm definitely up to do that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I was thinking also about having I know we talked about this during Marketing meeting. you know, we could have like Akash funding programs page with which would include like, Some of the instructions for the governance proposal.

Denis Lelic:  Even hackathons those are kind of related to the community as well. but a list of bounties, for example,

Denis Lelic:  What do you guys think?

Zach Horn: I like it.

Tyler Wright: I backed that.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I just, we need to push it outside of the website. But yeah, like it, I like it in theory.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I know there's like no traffic at the moment, but With a little bit of traction,â€¦

Zach Horn:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic: you know? We could have like a list of bounties there. People could kind of grab.

Denis Lelic:  And the other thing I wanted to discuss was the akashico system.

Denis Lelic:  From my perspective, there's like a couple of areas that form the whole ecosystem. One would be the tools. Those are like

Denis Lelic:  Tools develop. ed by external teams or

Denis Lelic:  community members like Prater. and cloud models, and the rest of the guys,

Denis Lelic:  So, these are like four entry points for for the akashico system. For example, this one with the first one, which would be the tools. that you can use some of them, like Are like a proper app that you can use and the others are like just awesome Akash for example, repo on GitHub. it's a, it's a nice tool to have but it's not really like UI tool. And the other option would be and the other option would come on. Would be a project deployed on Akash. So, I don't know how to call them. Exactly. So here I named them Akash. Deployments

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: or we could just say like deployed on Akash and we could have like all the showcase who's using Akash network like for, I don't know.

Tyler Wright: Is thatâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Validators frontend.

Tyler Wright: where we could keep the language?

Tyler Wright: Oh sorry, sorry Denis I was just gonna say that we can use that language power by Akash. like we andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go ahead.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: then but we can have like, ecosystem be something completely different and just have like power by akashes like anybody deploying

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And just have like in some can be multiple tags. Like as an example, I think block lists from Derek who's in Akash insider,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Right.

Tyler Wright: they're building something that's powered by Akash but then it could all be a ecosystem partner as well. So it'll probably live in multiple areas. But that's not about them.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I mean I know we discussed Let's special you time me discussed like the ecosystem page. A bunch of times. So, it's a complex thing, but you know, we could kind of make it easy for users to consume if we just divide like Things that are deployed on akash tools that are built on top of Akash and maybe we could include providers as well because they form the ecosystem too. Luna told me that Prater. Already has something like this. So we would need like a provider attributes. and the resources that have,

Denis Lelic:  So we could just list them here and maybe we offer a couple of filtering options. Like, Show me only audited and only active. You can just scroll through.

Zach Horn: I like this. What if you scroll in? What is the green and red bar?

Denis Lelic: That's the up time, for example. At the mall at the moment,â€¦

Zach Horn:  Okay.

Denis Lelic: we planned this for console but it's kind of like in the pipeline, it's going to be post, MVP version. But yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn:  Nice. Yeah that's that's really good.

Denis Lelic: it's kind of measuring the uptime of the provider. And if it's like a hundred percent uptime,â€¦

Zach Horn:  Mmm.

Denis Lelic: it's just going to show like a full green bars.

Zach Horn:  Let me. See if I can find this screenshot. I'm not gonna be able to find it right now. There's a We're onboarding Cherry Cherry servers at the moment and they have this way that they show their resources as available. It's active available and pending, it's really clean way to like show, how much they have total what's being used currently. And then what's available, what do you think about something like that for this page?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, for sure and just send me the screenshot.

Zach Horn:  Yes, like it to you, What? Scroll in on just one of the tiles on the provider page.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, very cool. Audited. Not audited is great. How difficult would it be to add filtering mechanisms for resources? So like somebody who has workloads in mind, let's say they want to run hypothetically like for RBC nodes which are, you know, For for CPU a piece, you know, couple hundred.

Zach Horn: Would let someone like input their resource requirements and filter by provider. I know that adds like a significant amount of overhead but you have an idea like how complicated that would be that

Denis Lelic: I think that would be the question for priority. They even might have something for for ready for that orâ€¦

Zach Horn:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic: at least they're planning to I now know, I also has more information because he's been talking with them, but yeah, maybe. in the next meeting, we invite Jigar maybe to To join.

Tyler Wright: I was also going to say that.

Zach Horn: Yeah. No,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Zach.

Zach Horn: no. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright:  I was just gonna say very quickly, it might be good for you. Denis enjoying Sig analytics because Jigars in their cloudmose team is in there and some others and they're trying to come up with like really like a uniform structure around analytics, both on the provider. And Deployment side and so visualizing all that kind of stuff on this page, not just provider stuff. But you know, just having a separate section that uses the same kind of data, pull would be Really nice.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic:  I joined. Nonetheless, one, I think I was in the previous.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, but I'll plan to join the next one for sure.

Denis Lelic:  Hey, George.

Denis Lelic: Just having a look if we.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, there are actually two two things Luna mentioned. And I told him to just to create a an issue on Github, but I don't think he managed to do that. Those are two two things. One would be the The White Paper.

Denis Lelic:  He was looking for that stuff on the website and couldn't find it. And the other one would be.

Denis Lelic:  Roadmap. You guys have any more information about that, like,

Denis Lelic:  is why white paper still a thing or is roadmap a thing like,

Denis Lelic:  That we decide like on the go, you know because of the community. s***, being involved and stuff.

Tyler Wright:  To be honest, like I think that the roadmap, the best thing that we're gonna have for a road map is going to be the projects list. So, Tyler's steering committee every month, anneal and the steering committee. Go over like a project's list and I think they prioritize them and they move them into, like, implementation different statuses. I don't know if we make that page more prevalent on the website and have it described as a roadmap or if Denis you and or SIG design comes up with the way to visualize.

Tyler Wright: That project list into a roadmap and then adjust it as the steering committee adjusts things. Those are the only two ideas that I can see happening right now because nothing really has a firm timeline on it and it's really the call to actions. Get people involved in the very six and working group so they can find out in real time what's going on. But beyond that it's really about like what are the major things that are being worked on across the Akash network and on behalf of the accustomed? I don't knowâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Cool. Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: if you have any thoughts on that.

Denis Lelic: that makes sense those are that's the project list on Github. Daniel's usually is sharing and taking us through.

Tyler Wright: Yes, exactly. But I do think that people automatically look for a roadmap.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: So maybe a roadmap page that then links to it as low hanging fruit or eventually gonna be visualizing somewhere. I, I is necessary. Because I don't think people are gonna look at the project list and assume that it's a road map, you know.

Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm just thinking like It is there an easy way to create a page from the MD file on GitHub?

Denis Lelic:  I'm gonna look for some sort of a tutorial tutorial or something.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic:  You know what I mean?

Tyler Wright:  Like make a Web page from an MD file.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, for example. Because you can you can you can even stylize the MD file. you can add CSS and stuff and basic basic basic basic HTML and, you know, But I'm just thinking, like, if there's an easy way to create a website, what website, or what? What? Page from that files.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I'll have a look at what's possible there Okay, cool. I think I covered pretty much everything from my side. Do you have any stuff you want to discuss? Zach, tie George

Tyler Wright:  Now, I think the major action item is, maybe there could be a discussion soon about adding a replit.

Tyler Wright:  For support George. I know that you may not be in a place where you can talk, but we're at the point where we certainly need somebody that can help support with the GitHub. Um, I can start to put some links on discord for some like low hanging fruit like ways to deploy pages and I think this is a variety of languages that this can be done in, but we do need somebody that can help stylize the pages, um, can help with like the github flows, you know, so that when we make changes to, as an example, when changes get made to meeting notes, it should automatically be reflected in the meeting section on github. And it's not currently So there's bounty behind that, I don't know.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright:  George if, you know anybody like Arthur or anybody else that might be able to get their hands dirty and help but all volunteers are or all folks, are welcome to, you know, apply for a small bouncy to help get this going.

George Pro: I think. Say you need this way. I can't really get. Well, we are doing exactly. So, that's really completely. Don't go docs or something that can be shared with another person, then we can You can see how best we can bring someone.

Tyler Wright: Okay, so Dennis, are you able to put some of your images into like issues? So like that shows I kind of the structure and and see if somebody from the community can like emulate that structure in Github pages.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, there is a lot of stuff already there. I'm gonna add like probably two or three more of this week.

Denis Lelic:  Can you hear me guys?

Tyler Wright: Yes, sorry I'm taking notes. Um, Yeah, I don't have anything else, really? I've just been taking some notes. Um, George if you could support in taking more detailed notes, I'll provide the transcripts and the proper video link. And then if you could take detailed notes, that would be you Arthur's time, then that would be great. But yeah, I don't have anything else at the moment. I think archers here so maybe we can talk to him a little bit.

George Pro: And you might not Emmanuel is here.

Tyler Wright: It. Yeah. Emmanuel. How are you?

Emmanuel Arthur: Right. Tyler Yeah.

George Pro:  The.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. Excellent. We were, we just spent actually about the half last half hour discussing. Some design modifications that we've talked about in previous working sessions. One thing we're still trying to track down as somebody that might be able to implement some of those changes. I think we're at the point where we even, what would be willing to put a small bounty behind developing. Some of these changes in Github, I know the Denis has some designs that he shared as well as, you know, just like basic github get help flow and needs to be improved. So that, you know, like pages are updating properly and they can be updated in more real time. I'm not sure if that's something that is.

Tyler Wright:  That you do or if you know anybody that can help but Denis is gonna put out some issues. What put those issues in the Working Group Akash website and then if anybody from the community can do those and wants to put a Akt amount around, it certainly would be open to seeing how much it is and again, building some momentum and starting the process of like improving their cash website.

Tyler Wright: It's gonna say that again.

Emmanuel Arthur: People. I mean, The website.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I'm gonna put in the chat right here.

Emmanuel Arthur:  I'm here. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's a repo. That's a repo where everything related to the website currently lives. So that you can see some MD, you could see some readme files in there, you can see the structure. But yeah, and then you can also kind of track in here. There's some issues that have been created by Denis,

Tyler Wright: But again, we'll add some issues and we'll start to tags and folks, but this repo is where everything related to the website currently lives. the idea is that again,â€¦

00:35:00

Emmanuel Arthur: just,

Tyler Wright: we want meeting notes to be able to come in faster and then again there's a number of design improvements that we talked about whether it be to the homepage the community page, a contributors page the ecosystem page as well as some other pages. So there's a fair amount of work that can be done and they can get support from Dennis, Zach and other people in this working group about, Content. But, you know, being able to actually implement the work is something that we could use some support with. From member of the community.

Emmanuel Arthur:  Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Yes, I think that's the best place to start again. We'll throw some more issues in and Denis I think it throw some visuals in there as well. That would be great and we could just see because I believe Hugo has a lot of capabilities as well as like Github pages allows you to do a lot of customization via code, but we just don't have that yet. Go ahead, Denis.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Arthur. Is there any library that you're familiar with or like to work with? Maybe we can bring that in to Hugo. I don't know, like Tailwind or something.

Emmanuel Arthur: Highly. Please. Can you come again? I really

Denis Lelic: yeah, I was asking if you're if you prefer any library for example, like tailwind or chakra or materialize,

Emmanuel Arthur:  Yes. Yes actually. Yes. Yes, I tell you, I'm comfortable using react and pay CSS and leave stuff. Yeah, and I have now, you can see the content technology went right to come to the content side. We actually see everyone is using reactantness. Yes. So I think it's, you might grateful. If you can use this technology for the website, that's why maybe reactant, here's react and stuff. And I think using this presentation, technology, you can get more people to continue because I definitely. Yeah, you know, something about it because yeah,

Emmanuel Arthur:  So I guess using reacting appearances are reacting to boost up. Think down.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's one suggestion I would make and that would be. To encourage you to go through the website and github repo and have a look. How to make that.

Denis Lelic:  Space more familiar with your expertise, for example, or like preferences. Just have a look how to bring all of that stuff into the website and maybe it's going to be easier for you and the others that are willing to join. And yeah, as Tyler said, I'm sure there's some bounty going to be involved as well for all of those tasks.

Emmanuel Arthur: Okay. Okay, I'm taking it out and I reach out to you about anything that will pop up.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. I just put something about leveraging react and github pages. So again I'm sure that there's ways to leverage technologies that you're already really comfortable with andâ€¦

Emmanuel Arthur: He?

Tyler Wright: we can just like make this as efficient as possible.

Tyler Wright:  All right, does anyone else have any other questions or topics that they want to talk about related to the crash website?

Tyler Wright:  All right, I have an action item to bring up trying to add this replete Zach and I will get that covered tomorrow. Denis is going to add a couple of issues and or images to current issues related to like mock-ups of designs that I think the group has lights both this meeting, but also in previous meetings. and then, Emmanuel is going to take a look at the current Akash Network, website, repo, and also, some of the other links related to react and figure out where he might be able to be of some support with the Akash website,

Denis Lelic: Right, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Allâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Thanks type.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to I think George, I've tagged you in the notes but I'll add the video and transcript and then you could take it from there.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright:  Thank you all for participating today. Please reach out on discord and let us know if you need anything. Again, I want to make sure that discord is live active, especially for this working group because there's a lot of changes that we need to make to the current website to continue to optimize it. And I would love to build up momentum by just having constant conversation between meetings and discourse. So if you have any questions comments, thoughts, etc. Please feel free to like chat about it and we can you know again build up a number of other people that I know are really interested in being participating and helping out the website from the community. But again, appreciate appreciate you all again, everyone have a great rest of the day.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Thank you guys.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:41:09 ðŸ‘‹



