# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Discuss design direction from Denis
- Discussion of docs page.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 19th, 2023
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Denis kicked off the meeting with talking about how the group will move forward.
- Denis showcased 
- Denis talked about the Contribution page. There needs to be an easy way for folks to contribute.
- Denis talked about the Community page.
- Emmanual joined the meeting and offered his support to help improve the website. He builds in react and tailwind. He also likes NextJS and recommends building in those newer technologies. 
- Emmanual will take a look at the website repo and comment in discord. 






### Action Items

- Tyler and Zach will determine if Replit can be used for akash website.
- Denis will add issues with mock ups to website repo. 
- Emmanuel will look into the website repo, and see where he can offer help.

# **Transcript**


