# **Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #5**


# **Agenda**

- Review of Previous Updates:
  GPU testnet page
  Facelift of the homepage

- Discussion of New Website Updates:

  Token page:
  - Adding illustrations to improve visual interest
  - Improving typography and spacing

  Ecosystem page migration:
  - Current page hosted on air stable, aim to integrate with GitHub or Hugo

  Press section creation:
  - Duplicate the format of Akash community contributions page for press releases/articles

  Community page redesign:
  - Enhance visual interest with imagery, graphics, and illustrations

Figma Screen Presentation: 
- Review of first drafts for each issue
  - Akash community page
  - Akash press section/page
  - Akt token page
  - Akash ecosystem page

Discussion on Bounty for Issue Resolution:
- Participants requested to comment on the issues with estimated time and cost in USD
- Timelines and budgets will be decided based on community input

Best Practices:
- Following PR format with issue attachments, before/after images, and videos
- Conventional commits and PR process will be mandatory for merging

Q&A and Further Collaboration Opportunities



## **Meeting Details**

* Date: Tuesday, June 13, 2023
* Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* Recording:  
* Transcript: #Transcript

##  **Participants**

- Denis Lelic
- Andrew Mello
- Tyler Wright
- Cheng Wang
- Emmanuel Arthur, 
- George Pro
- Tony Stark
- Zach Horn

## **Notes**

- Denis provided updates on recent website changes and introduced new issues for discussion.
- Four main issues were highlighted: Token page, Ecosystem page migration, Press section creation, and Community page redesign.
- Denis shared Figma screen presentations with first drafts for each issue.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of bounties and encouraged participants to comment on issues with estimated time and cost.
- Mention of potential bounties for back-end GitHub and Hugo improvements.
- Mention of following best practices for PRs, including issue attachments, before/after images, and videos.
- Tony expressed interest in contributing and connected with Denis for support.

## **Action Items**

- Participants to comment on issues with estimated time and cost for resolution.
- Denis to add Tony as a friend on Discord and provide support.
- Contributors to follow best practices for PRs, including issue attachments and before/after images.
- Participants to continue collaboration on Discord and in the working group meetings.
- Next steps to be determined based on community input and timelines for issue resolution.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody. Welcome to the fifth working group session for the Akash website.

Denis Lelic:  We've done a couple of things. For the Akash website in previous two or three weeks, one of the things was the GPU testnet page. And

Denis Lelic: A smaller facelift of the homepage. So our Arthur. Which is here. Thank you Arthur for joining.

Denis Lelic:  Did some great work for for the GPU testnet page, which is live at the moment and of course he changed a couple of illustrations on the home page. And we're here today to discuss couple of new things we would like to do for for the website. Um, in our previous conversations, we brought up. For issues. some of those issues are mostly like, Makeup facelift adding or changing couple of things and other issues would require. A bit heavier, lift, because we have to build them from scratch. So

Denis Lelic:  I'll just covers those issues really quickly from a high level issue. Number one is Token page. Where we could?

Denis Lelic:  Do. Some of the easy work like adding illustrations to bring that page. A bit to life.

Denis Lelic:  At the moment, I would say for my point of view, it kind of lacks visual interest and variety. And I think we could improve that and also like minor things. Improving typography, typography higher, he spacing, and stuff like that. The other issue which were is a bit heavier, lift is the ecosystem page migration as you're all probably know. At the moment when you hit Ecosystem page, it pops up in another window and and and the thing is, Is being hosted on air stable. At least it's pulling data from there but ideally we would like that to be part of the

Denis Lelic:  Existing page. So it's kind of manageable through Github or and Hugo.

Denis Lelic:  Again, we have another issue. Which is press section creation. It's either a section or a complete new page, but I think we could duplicate some of those issues not issues, but just duplicate one of the pages maybe like blog post, or community contributions because it kind of has the same functionality in the background. People could easily like add press releases articles and stuff like that. Just like they're doing it now for the Akash community contributions.

Denis Lelic:  The fourth and the last issue in this round would be the community page we designed, which kind of has the same issue as a token page. Kind of lacks visual interest and We can. I'm sure we could do it better. Just providing a little bit of life there through imagery, graphics illustrations. And stuff like that.

Denis Lelic:  I already if you just allow me one sec, I'll just share my figma screen.

Denis Lelic:  I have for those issues, I have already prepared some, like, first drafts it's up there for discussion, don't like this as like finalized and finish saying so, If you have any comments, any ideas, feel free to chime in.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic:  So the first thing is the Akash community page. Where we could like easily.

Denis Lelic:  Prepare some of the illustrations put them next to the headline sub a headline and maybe add a button. So each of these sections kind of like is taking their own part of real estate and we define a clickable area with a button. So it's like it's not misleading, the users and it's just like, you know, straightforward That would be the one thing. And for example, the Akash press Sectional page. This is where I mentioned. We could duplicate the thing with Akash community contributions, which is kind of the same. page, we just change your change, the headline at sub headline and maybe we provide a link, so,

Denis Lelic:  whoever is interested could like just hit the link or see how they can contribute so how they can add Some of the press stuff they want to add here. And the third one, one Sec. Which is the Akt token page. So this is the thing I mentioned with like, providing some visual interest and

Denis Lelic:  breaking and serving all of these information like step-by-step providing enough space between sections and basically bringing in some of the stories telling as well because each of the each of the headlines could kind of relate to the illustration as well.

Denis Lelic:  And I think we have the most complex one for as the last one, just one thing right here. The Akash Ecosystem page. so,

Denis Lelic:  From my point of view and we had this discussion in our previous working session. You can have a look at the recording, we already talked about it. And from our point of view, there's like, Different Ways and How to How to Ecosystem of Akash Works. It's kind of like a complex thing but it's kind of it's our tax task to make it like easy to understand and I see it. As three separate things.

Denis Lelic:  One would be akash tools. Those are the tools that are built by either community or overclock labs. Then we have a cash providers because it's kind of like the backbone. If there's no providers there's basically like there's no marketplace going on and then we have deployed on akash which means like everyone, who's, I don't know, running a validator having a front end hosted on Akash kind of belongs to this group. so this works kind of like a decision decision tree, If you're interested in tools, you just hit tools and You're presented with this page and then we have all of the apps and not just apps but also like Repos listed here. so, Ideally, we could have like filter here. Where we could like filter all of the apps.

Denis Lelic:  And at the moment, we have listed here like Cloud Models Prater App Console, some of the repos we have moultrie audits here,

Denis Lelic:  yeah, and the second one Akash providers would be this screen and this is something we would probably have to connect with trailer just to see if they could provide some of the

Denis Lelic:  provider attributes that we can list them here. So it would be great to have like a uptime from a provider, maybe an address and what exactly they're providing. What are their resources at the moment? We can also provide a link If this provider has a website or anything, if there's no additional information, we can just say like not available at the moment and of course, we can have a big call to action and become a provider and akash. And we could Direct those. Quora interested into a type form. For example, And the third option would be deployed on Akash. And so, these are all of the projects that are Using Akash. So, again, we could have a filtering section on the left, like,

00:10:00

Denis Lelic:  You know, defy Nfts validators. Smart Contracts. This is something that I believe it's currently also on the existing ecosystem page. With where it's just stated as a label next to the project that's being deployed on Akash. So, That's about it for those four issues. Do you have any questions comments? Do you want to? View, some of the screens again, in a bit more detailed manner.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, go ahead time.

Tyler Wright: I'm just going to ask Anythrow the big MA link in the chat so that people can access it and leave comments. Um,

Tyler Wright:  couple things that I just want to highlight. Thank you Denis for going through that. Um The issues that are open are live currently in the website. Repo The goal is there is available bounty for these issues. Because these issues are important enough for us to want to believe that they need to be fast tracked as we continue to again, improve the website. The goal is, anybody interested in attacking and solving any of these issues if you could put in a comment or put something in a discussions related to the inside discord way to the issue that outlines kind of how long the issue would take you and a desire.

Tyler Wright:  Dollar amount and USD for packing that issue that would be great. Um and again based upon what people are saying and potential path forward for solutions, I think the group will figure out what the what makes the most sense from a dollars and standpoint as well as a time standpoint because I know some of these things have been issues for a long time and we would like to get them solved as quickly as possible.

Tyler Wright:  Uh, so again, if anybody wants to participate in solving this issues, if you can leave a comment inside of the issue, outlining the time and how much it would cost to complete that issue in USD. That would be great. I would love to have that and next couple of days, or at the very least, over the next week so that we can continue to go through the comments and stigma and continue to fine-tune the drawings as a group and start to implement some of these solutions as soon as possible.

Denis Lelic: Presentation.

Tyler Wright:  There are a number of other issues related to the back end of Github pages in Hugo. Um, that also may have bounties around them in the future so that we can again continue to fine-tune the backend process for github pages. So again, if anybody that wants to participate in supporting the Akash website on the front end or the back end, please continue to participate in the Akash website, Working Group Discord Channel, as well. As attending these bi-weekly meetings where we go through changes, discuss improvements to the website. And again, if there's bounties around them discuss that and try to work together to solve the problems around the website,

Denis Lelic:  Thanks time.

Tyler Wright:  One other thing. I just quickly, sorry, before I passed it back to you. I just want to again. Shout out, Arthur and I know we talked about this previously. I do mind if I share screen real fast Denis, Cool. So, Arthur.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, go for it.

Tyler Wright:  And his PRS has followed the format, I think is outlined in Github, but this is a format that we would like everybody that participates In supporting the website to follow. He outlined the changes that are going into the PR that he's working on. It'd be great. Now that every PR is related to an issue.

Tyler Wright:  If you can attach the issue that you're working on inside the PR, that'd be great because then it'll link to obviously like the problem, the solution, any comments that are going on during the issue process. And then again, he filled out, he had pictures he had before and after videos. So that folks like myself, there may be a little bit less technical can look at the image and make sure that from an aesthetic standpoint. It looks good. Make sure the dates are good. Make sure the spelling is correct. So he added videos to the PR, and again this process made it significantly easier and faster for this PR to be reviewed and merged. So again, this will be the best practice moving forward again. Yes, as Denis mentioned plus conventional commits. No, PR will be merged until it goes through this process because it's just the checks and balances with this open framework for all of us in the

00:15:00

Tyler Wright:  Day to make sure that we're hoping each other. Accountable to again, not delivering what we're saying. We're going to deliver and making sure that things are easily reviewable. So again, thank you Arthur for setting the standard there, does anyone have any questions about that process? Or about how to submit a PR.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Sorry Denis. I just wanted to cover those things and then we can go back to the fun stuff.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, Tyler.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. Regarding the figma drawings. Just for easier navigation. I added a green dot above.

Denis Lelic:  Each of those sections that are presenting an issue. So it's just easier to find So if you go through the Sigma file, you'll see a green dot and just zoom in and you have a detailed more detailed. Look of How the patient look like?

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any other comments or questions about the issues that Denis went over with any more clarity about? I know that folks can also, again going big one, and add, any questions or comments.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I think Adam is also mentioned that we the goal is to be able to again. If there's a bounty around a specific issue, be able to get that bounty, worked out very quickly with the potential community member and our contributor rather. Um, and then stick to a timeline that we be managed by SIG design, and it's working group. So, folks that's working group, you know, if somebody like is Denis says, I'm gonna work on something, it'll be do.

Tyler Wright:  In two weeks in the group will hold them accountable to that. Um, and then again, if there's any delays, please you can, we can talk and discord, we can talk during these meetings, you can add as a comment inside of the PR or inside the issue. There's no problem with that life happens. But again, we'll continue to communicate with each other and and really look to make as many improvements to this website as officially as possible. So I think we have a good group growing of folks that want to contribute to the website in a number of other things in akash ecosystem. So we're very thankful for that but we want to continue this momentum. So again if anybody has any other issues that they see related to the website you know feel free to make an issue in traffic in the website repo and then we can discuss those issues prioritize them.

Tyler Wright:  Create designs that we have to and continue to like again, approve and prove this experience for new and existing users. But does anyone have any questions comments? Anything that's been left out that they want to talk about today while we're all here?

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead and

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Tony. Hi there, good to see you. I just read your message on discord. Sorry for calling you out if you can't talk at the moment moment, it's completely. Okay, but just wanted to ask if Everything is clear. I saw you. Try and build the repo locally you set. Is there anything we can do to support you do? You know, whatever you need, just let us know.

Tony Stark: All right. Yes. I'm I just stumbled upon the repo yesterday. I builted locally it works and I think right now. There's nothing. I'm quite familiar with Google. I'm just trying to kind of like go by everything. If I do have a question I will reach out and I'll probably pick up an issue and try to solve that.

Denis Lelic:  Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Tony, it would also be helpful if you could and I'll make a reminder of it. Come to the next SIG documentation meeting, one of the tasks that is take documentation is a docs 2.0, I think it was covered in and Luna and his team did a demo of it in the last steering committee. They are implementing the new docs through Hugo and then it's going to be added to the website at some point. So I know that they've been getting up to speed with Hugo the Luna team, Luna and his team, rather the Clay search team. But if you have the ability to support, that would be very helpful because I know, it sounds like you're more of a Hugo expert than many folks in the community.

00:20:00

Tony Stark: And what I'm gonna check the event calendar and see if I can make that.

Tyler Wright: Oh well, I don't I know we don't want to take up yet,…

Denis Lelic: Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: too much time. Dennis, you have anything else you want to cover?

Denis Lelic: no, I was just just wanted to say like if there's a no more questions, we can just grab this up and We can connect async.

Tony Stark: Okay. Um, I cannot find anything documentation meeting on the event calendar.

Emmanuel Arthur: Hey.

Tony Stark: Where do I find that?

Tyler Wright: If it's not there I'll add it…

Emmanuel Arthur: Stuff.

Tyler Wright: but it should be on the master calendar and I'll link you to some documentation right now so you can track what's going on there.

Tony Stark: All right, I appreciate that.

Emmanuel Arthur: Hey, Denis actually. Um, I just look at the issue. Greg is about the Cash ecosystem. This is that the ecosystem could be made to the main website rights. Are you guys going to make the food with the main website or they are going to build from scratch?

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, we would definitely have to look if that's possible in Hugo. I was still suggest we.

Denis Lelic:  Find a solution within within the template to see what's available. Just to avoid, like even a heavier lift. So Just trying to take the easier, route. That I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: I think another thing that Greg has been emphasizing is from an SEO standpoint. When we have things as subdomains like docs dot akash.network or support data, cost.network or ecosystem, that akash.network it doesn't perform as well, from an SEO standpoint. So, Greg, ideally wants to put everything as an ending so akash.network slash docs akash dot network,…

Emmanuel Arthur: Here. So

Tyler Wright: slash ecosystem. So again, be the structure, the website, if they're all fall under the website repo but they will be brand new pages on to themselves and…

Emmanuel Arthur:  okay.

Tyler Wright: brand new experiences that have to eat both of the ground up.

Emmanuel Arthur:  Okay, that means um you have to build it from scratch, the main website beach.

Tyler Wright: Exactly, exactly. Similarly to like…

Emmanuel Arthur:  So, so

Tyler Wright: what you did with the GPU testnet page, this is like a brand new page except some of these pages might have just a little bit more like, especially the ecosystem page, might have a little bit more complexity than maybe the token page or the or the community page etc.

Emmanuel Arthur:  I guess you.

Tyler Wright: Right. Well, again, if anybody has any other questions related to any of the issues that that will help like a create a quote related to those issues and a time frame for finishing those issues, it's a police reach out on discord or just leave a comment inside the issue in the website repo, but we really appreciate everyone's effort thus far again. We really want to kick it into high gear with making more improvements and more contributions to the website. So as quickly as you all can figure out what makes sense, we definitely want to keep the momentum going. I mean, appreciate folks, participating in this working group and safe design and contributing to the website for sure.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, I Tony. You can add me as a friend on discord. me and Arthur are already like exchange a lot of dms and you know, just feel free to To let me know…

Tony Stark: All…

Denis Lelic: if I can support you in any way.

Tony Stark: What is your discord, username? I cannot find it.

Denis Lelic:  I'll just I'll add you to make it easier.

Tony Stark:  okay, that's been

Tyler Wright:  Well again thank you thanks everyone again we'll certainly talk between meetings on discord. Let us know if you need anything for sure.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic:  Thanks. Thanks, everyone. See you in the next one. Bye-bye.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you. Yes.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Thank you.
