# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #7

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 27, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://p77yiz5lalar6mgma6moiew6zcw2hpcpz7tvc2oa3q4kr7e3zxda.arweave.net/f_-EZ6sCwR8wzAeY5BLeyK2jvE_P51FpwNw4qPybzcY)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Agenda
- Review of Previous Session
  - Successful launch of GPU testnet page
  - Home page minor facelift and UI improvements

* Token Page Development
  - Quick fixes and new illustrations
  - Improving visual storytelling and content connection
  - Typography and spacing enhancements

* Ecosystem Page Migration
  - Discussion about migrating the ecosystem page
  - Upcoming collaboration with Jigar from Prater

* Pending Website Github Issues 
  * Image quality enhancement without impacting site speed
  * Misalignment and additional display elements for titles and categories

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthu
- George Pro 
- Ishan Maheshwari
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn



## Meeting Notes

###  Review of Previous Session
- Denis acknowledged the successful launch of the GPU testnet page
- There was a minor facelift of the website home page, with the group replacing illustrations and polishing the UI.
- Smaller issues, including the press page, were mentioned as additional tasks to be tackled later in the meeting.
- Denis expressed gratitude to Arthur for his work.
  
### Token Page Development
- Dennis highlighted that The next item on the agenda is the token page, with Arthur ready to work on it, including adding new illustrations.
- Improvements in typography and spacing are also planned for the token page.

  
### Ecosystem Page Migration
- Denis mentioned the next task in the pipeline, which is the ecosystem page migration and his plan to talk with Jigar from Praeter to integrate data from their API.
- The ecosystem page will include information about providers and projects deployed on Akash.
- Denis mentioned that Ecosystem Page Migration might require substantial resources due to data integration from multiple sites

  
### Pending Website Github Issues 
- Denis Lelic introduced the discussion about website github issues with the participants.
- Denis suggested that Arthur could tackle minor fixes mentioned by Zach on github.
- Zach discussed issues related to image quality on the blog and suggested experimenting to improve image quality without affecting website speed.
- Zach mentioned another issue regarding misalignment of elements in the title section of blog posts.
- Emmanuel Arthur agreed to look into the issues and make progress on them.
- Denis suggested focusing on improving image resolution for blog posts and handling missing elements first.
- The group proposed bundling smaller issues and offering bounties for each fix.
- Denis emphasized the priority of the listed issues (182 to 186) and suggested focusing on them before moving on to other tasks
- Tyler Wright encouraged Arthur to share feedback and updates in the Discord Working Group channel.
- Denis Lelic suggested connecting and syncing with Arthur to discuss the new issues posted by Zach one by one and address any uncertainties.

### Bounty System for Website Contributors
- Emmanuel Arthur proposed setting fair bounties for community developers to encourage contributions to the Akash website and the community.
- Arthur suggested that fair bounties should consider efficiency and the availability of contributors to address arising issues.
- Arthur suggested top contributors, who actively participate and attend meetings, could receive higher bounties, possibly around $30 per hour.
- Recognition of top contributors could be based on the successful merging of multiple pull requests into the main website.
- Fresh contributors, new to the community or working group, could receive entry-level bounties.
- Tyler Wright expressed agreement with the proposed structure and mentioned the ongoing work on a bounty program.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of efficient contributions and suggested tiered levels for contributors based on their experience.
- Denis Lelic shared the view that evaluating the first commit or pull request can be challenging.
- Denis stressed the importance of building trust and relationships within the community over time.
- Denis supported the idea of having entry-level bounties for newcomers and higher bounties for long-term, dedicated contributors.

## Action Items
- Arthur to review and address the minor issues (182 to 186) posted by Zach and provide updates in the Discord Working Group channel.
- Arthur to work on the token page implementation
- Denis to coordinate with Arthur to discuss and clarify any uncertainties regarding the new issues posted by Zach.
- Group to continue monitoring the Discord Working Group channel for updates and feedback from Arthur.
- Denis to discuss the ecosystem page migration with Jigar from Praeter.


#**Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's working group session for Akash website. I believe it's our Meeting number six or seven. Tyler please correct me if I'm wrong. I think it's seven already time flies. So I'll just give a quick overview and just to remind ourselves what we did in our previous session. We successfully launch, the GPU testnet page. Thanks to Arthur and his contribution. There was a minor facelift of the home page. Also Arthur Shout out to Arthur he replaced the illustrations there and did some UI polishing so

Denis Lelic: Thank you again. And we're already on to the next one which would be the token page. I believe Arthur is ready. There's a minor thing, probably a really quick fix for him. So I think we're gonna have the token page ready for today and he's gonna add again, new illustrations. The kind of To improve the overall visual interest in that page. We believed it kind of lacked a little bit of storytelling and the illustrations that are kind of like connecting with the content, so it's just an easier content to consume. Along with that. There's some improvement in typography and the higher, he and a little bit of spacing as well.

Denis Lelic: Next in the pipeline there's going to be the ecosystem page migration. Hopefully tomorrow I'm going to talk with Jigar from Prater and he's gonna guide me a little bit through their API. So we can pull some of the From their side and to present it as a part of the ecosystem page where we're going to talk about providers as well not just projects being deployed in akash and projects. currently building on top of Akash, so,

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's one of the maybe probably the

Denis Lelic: Which is gonna take the most resources, just pulling data from a couple of sites and merging them all in The ecosystem page but there are a couple of smaller issues. We could take care of the press page and A couple of others. But maybe before we tackle those, there are

Denis Lelic: a couple of other issues we mentioned in our last conversation with Zach to Zach, if you're ready we got Arthur here probably he's been really helpful for the last couple of issues and he could possibly tackle those two as far as I understood they're not like a big deal, I just minor fixes so maybe you can just

Denis Lelic: Shortly brief, Arthur what it's about and just to get a better overview. What needs to be done?

Zach Horn: Yeah, of course, thanks for all the work, by the Arthur on all the pull requests to get the stuff taken care of. I made some more issues in the website. A few things that are just minor. There aren't too many that are breaking changes as in things that are significantly, missing functionality. But let me pull in and I'll link it here. Just give me one second.

Zach Horn: Some of these things have to do with how the blog displays some of the elements. So for this one and put it in the chat.

Zach Horn: this is one that Denis and I have been talking about for a while and I think, is one of the ones that We could focus on if you have time. But just to give you some background on what this is. when Greg built this website, I should say, one of the trade-offs, we made was to reduce the image quality to make the site faster. The trouble though is that I think these images are now too low in quality, and I think it impacts the user experience a little bit. Not just, I don't think it looks that great. so one of the things to be great to do some experimentation with is to see if we can increase the quality of these images without impacting. The speed of the website too much. I was looking at Hugo myself a little bit. I think there are definitely ways to do it. I think the thing that needs to be done though is just to play around with it and see How high can you get the quality before? It starts, slowing down the site. Maybe there's a good balance.

00:05:00

Zach Horn: we're like the images or quality, but the states sites still pretty quick. The other ones that I would say that maybe could be knocked up pretty quickly or completed pretty quickly or this one 183.

Zach Horn: These small things there's just some misalignment on some of the elements in the title and be great. if the title section could display the author, a category as well. but overall, there's four five in here probably, these could just be matched together at one PR But, let me know if you have any questions on this stuff or if it makes sense.

Emmanuel Arthur: I just take the issue out but one thing is about the Blogspy digest. Denis already have the design, the Arthur already designed The blood is section. So I don't know how about it. That's all the design strategies or actually just fix that era.

Zach Horn: Yeah, and there may be differences between the design of Denis put together and maybe what we want going forward and maybe done us. And I can touch base on that. But I think things like adding the author and the category are pretty common sense, things that we can just go ahead and do regardless of design. But obviously, Denis feel free to jump in if you feel differently.

Emmanuel Arthur: Addition. So I would take a look and work on it and see how it goes.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I would say. We could just focus on improving the image resolution for the blog and the stuff that's missing at the moment. And later on we can set up an extra issue if we're willing to redesign the whole a blog post, for example, But let's focus on these one that are currently up there in the github issues.

Zach Horn: yep, totally

Denis Lelic: I'm going to post.

Denis Lelic: Issues in the AKASH website, The Score Channel. Is for easier.

Denis Lelic: So everyone gets and gets the link and we don't have to go back and forth.

Denis Lelic: Arthur have you had a chance to look at these issues that have been posted here in the chat?

Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, yes, yes, yes, I've checked it out.

Emmanuel Arthur: Maybe I'll fix it. Then make it to Progresses.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, all of them that were added by Zach, in the last four, three hours ago. So, I believe all of them are smaller issues, just requiring.

Denis Lelic: Minor in terms from your side. But if there's anything like a blocker or something that's holding you back. Please let us know. But looking from â€¦

Denis Lelic: from high level, it looks like An easy task for you.

Emmanuel Arthur: So, I do have to check it out in the code so that I will see how to improve it. And how about it. So I'll let you guys know. if the changes can be made quickly or maybe within the next, five hours or two hours. So I'll get you.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, perfect. Yeah maybe if they're a smaller issues. We can bundle them up into maybe three so you just knock it off. You each and You'll get a bounty. For those fixes.

Denis Lelic: If you agree.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, Arthur. If you could just stare any feedback inside discord inside the Working Group channel, that'd be great. I know that these are Higher priority. So if we can get I know the token pages also high priority. So yeah. Kick us posted.

Emmanuel Arthur: I tell you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Thank you very

Emmanuel Arthur: I tell you I said I'm done with it. Taking place without taking a look at this right now and make it works.

Denis Lelic: That's great. So yeah, just please focus on. the issues from 182 to 186 that were

Denis Lelic: Created by Zach. So, Those are the next issues. So After we,â€¦

Emmanuel Arthur: N't.

Denis Lelic: we're done with these, we can focus on the other stuff that's in the pipeline.

Denis Lelic: Zach, anything else you want to add?

Emmanuel Arthur: I'm yes,â€¦

Zach Horn: None of.

Emmanuel Arthur: Go.

Zach Horn: I'm sorry.

Denis Lelic: Go ahead. Arthur.

Zach Horn: No, not please you.

Emmanuel Arthur: Okay, there's one thing I want to talk about how we can set the fair bounty for the community and how we can get more developers to contribute in the Akash website and the community as a whole, and I would suggest that For you to set a fair bounty for the community and developers who can efficiently complete the job while being available to address any arising issues. and for top contributors who presentation make themselves available, really contribute and attend community meetings and also

Emmanuel Arthur: Actively participate in community initiative prior to being willing to provide guidance to future. But to do this and I said that there's nothing more valuable than the team setting. A fair amount for them. I said that a fair bit or affair with top. Contributors would be 30 days. That's like that as the hour and one may ask, How are you going to recognize a top contribute that in the working group and saying in the website? I suggest. For you to recognize the contributors, it might be.

Emmanuel Arthur: We can consider someone as a temple. If they have successful created, three of four, who requests that had held to their request and have been successfully made into the main website and for fresh contributors We might consider them and he didn't let the hour and how you going to see fresh contributing from in our working group. First contributed I developers who are just recently joined community and willing to contribute or someone new to the Bridget. So my suggestion about how we can set up the county and I think setting up this bountiful for top contribute and fresh contributors or helping me developers in the community. And also they might want to move to developing everything that might come up.

Emmanuel Arthur: Because once I first going to be that way we just drive Hannah to make maybe four orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Emmanuel Arthur: three progress to that. You can read this level in the community, he can be part of the top contributors who has already been contributing in the working group. So my citizen, how you can set a favor? Tyler, how do you think about is that?

Tyler Wright: I think the structure makes a lot of sense. To be frank. We're very thankful Arthur that you've been contributing. We would certainly like to make it. So that other folks can contribute. One of the things that we're trying to work out right now is a bounty program and frankly Arthur you are beginning pig in that program where there is budget to

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: making proofs to the website and so there are bounties around things so that the process can move a little bit faster than maybe has moved historically and the goal is that you get into a good groove of being able to, claim some of these bounties and make website changes very quickly and very efficiently as issues continue to come in. And then if there are other contributors that Want to contribute. Then we invite those contributors That will also be trying to get some of those bounties that are available again to the community based upon issues that are discussed at this working group, or in sync design. So, I'd like to tier system of new newer. Contributors have to contribute three times at a certain

Tyler Wright: I don't know what that price point is because some people might be able to contribute bigger items or maybe have more experience. So I think we want to take a number of things into account but you are somebody that has been contributing that we lead on and I think as you continue to make PRS certainly I would feel comfortable with you moving into that. Top contributor status. Because frankly, right now, you are a top contributor to the college website.

Emmanuel Arthur: Yeah, it is nice.

Emmanuel Arthur: That I go to, I got everything that you said.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, again, I guess to Make it shorter. That's something that we can work out over time. I think for now we should be focused on finding Discussing those issues in discord, or in these groups. And then Arthur, if you could set the tone on. contributing creating the PR. It's like you have with the videos that show working on local and just providing a clean experience. That's a standard that we want, I think I prefer somebody that might be a little bit. Junior. That follows the PR structure and maybe takes a day and a half.

Tyler Wright: Versus somebody that takes a day, but they don't follow any PR structure and then it takes a while for the PR to be reviewed, So really setting a good example and how the PRs are submitted as well as tackling some of these issues. I think it's something that you could set. again a clear example to the rest of the community, if you want to find other contributors, there are rewards and bounties available for more issues, especially as Time goes on this year because I think the website is a high touch point that we want to focus on. So there will be budget around that to open the coming months.

Tyler Wright: But yeah, I mean, again you are talking contributors. So we would like that to continue

Tyler Wright: And then I'll just shut up.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks for the both of you. I think it's really hard to evaluate The First Commerce. So, as you know, Arthur you started basically just talking with us and getting each other getting to know the project and after that, you made your first contribution. And after that, we saw your

Denis Lelic: Your contributions are good to go their valuable to us. So it takes a longer period of time to establish a relationship. Some sort of trust between Different community members because we've all distributed all over the place. We don't know each other. We never met each other so it just takes a little bit time, but I do agree that we should have an entry level bounties for that are first commerce and those that are here longer that are sticking with Akash and everything that's going on and the community and showing support with everything with every issue out there. They should.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Deserve a higher bounty for their contributions, of course.

Denis Lelic: Okay, anything else you guys want to cover? Arthur you and I could connect async. We could go through all the new issues posted by Zach and we can just talk about them one by one to see if there's any uncertainty? There, and please tell me if I can support you in any way.

Tyler Wright: I see that we have somebody new here. I think we are wrapping up. We spent some time going through some of the issues that person is going.

Denis Lelic: Now gone.

Denis Lelic: It was a hit and run.

Denis Lelic: Okay, if we covered everything for today, I suggest we can just wrap it up. Of course we can talk. Async if there's anything You guys want to talk about? Otherwise. Yeah. That's it for today.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Denis Lelic: I'll see you in the Metaverse as Adam says.

Tyler Wright: Have a great day. Yeah.

Zach Horn: You guys.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye-bye.

Meeting ended after 00:22:22 ðŸ‘‹
