# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #8

## Agenda
- Discussions on Piyush's team's interest in implementing and designing new changes and features on the Akash website
- Discussion on website GitHub Issues
- Presentation and Discussion
  - Piyush presentation on the exploration of Akash network, issues faced, suggestions, and GitHub issues.
  - Code Inspection and Cleaning
  - Website Redesign and Improvements


## Participants
- Abdul Al Numan
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro 
- Piyush
- Safayet Adib
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, August 10, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes
### Piyush and HoomanHQ Team Introduction
- Piyush introduces himself as the founder and CEO of HoomanHQ.
- Describes the services offered by HoomanHQ
- Mentions their AI/ML products
- Highlights previous projects and grants from other Blockchain projects 

### Piyush presentation on the exploration of Akash network
- Piyush shares his screen begins discussing the [issue](https://github.com/akash-network/website/issues/218) they have raised on github related to the Akash network website.
- Piyush Mentions dividing the issue into multiple parts.
- Describes the parts: Code Inspection, Planning, Landing Page Improvement, Community page, and blog page design improvements
- Piyush references a Figma design file shared with the group on discord
### Code Inspection and Cleaning
- Piyush discusses issues related to code inspection and cleaning.
- Piyush points out unused classes in the code.
- Piyush talks about maintaining a proper comment structure in the code.
- Piyush suggests adding guidelines for code contributors, including commenting practices.
- Arthur encourages collaboration with Piyush and his team.
- Arthur explains that the code is not in its optimal state and is being constantly improved
- Arthur mentions the transition to Tailwind CSS for future contributions.
- Tyler expresses interest in collaborating on setting guidelines and structures for contributors.
- Tyler asks about the estimated time and cost for code cleanup.
- Tyler proposes discussing the approval of the code inspection issue and bounty.
- Piyush added that they have focused on cleaning and improving code but can implement Tailwind CSS if needed
### Website Redesign
- Piyush suggests canceling the [community page issue for now](https://github.com/akash-network/website/issues/214).
- Piyush mentions improvements made to the [landing page](https://github.com/akash-network/website/pull/211) regarding margin and responsiveness.
- Arthur suggests focusing the team's energy on areas that need improvement rather than redesigning pages that are already well-designed.
- Piyush clarifies that their work on the landing page was about improving design, not a complete redesign.
- Piyush presented a new blog page design and proposed prioritizing its implementation.

### Discussions on Transition to Tailwind CSS
- The group discussed the need to migrate the code to Tailwind CSS.
- Denis expressed support for using Tailwind CSS for consistency across all products.
- The group made decision to structure everything in Tailwind CSS moving forward.
- George expressed concern about moving to Tailwind CSS and the potential impact on fast development.
- Piyush acknowledged that moving to Tailwind CSS might take time and stated that the team would work on making it faster.
- Arthur and George suggested continuing with Bootstrap temporarily to avoid delays.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of migrating to Tailwind CSS for consistency and future development.

### Website Improvements
- Tyler suggests designing new pages or redesigning existing ones and quickly moving to implementation and testing
- Tyler emphasizes the need to ensure the blog is in a state ready for the mainnet upgrade launch.
- Tyler encourages creating an issue for the blog page design and implementation
- Denis discusses plans to create separate issues for different website improvements
- Denis mentions the addition of a "Get Started" button and proposes a decision tree for user guidance
- The importance of the ["Get Started" page](https://github.com/akash-network/website/issues/215) was emphasized, and it was suggested to seek community feedback before implementation.

### Other Matters Discussed
- Piyush proposed using a public Notion page to track issues, contributors, and timelines.
- Tyler agreed with the idea of a Notion page but discussed the possibility of achieving similar tracking in GitHub.
- Tyler proposed weekly meetings on Thursdays at 6:30 am Pacific time.

## Action Items
- Piyush to work on code inspection and cleaning
- Piyush to explore implementing Tailwind CSS for code improvements
- The team to prioritize implementing the proposed blog page design.
- Denis to create separate Github issues for different website improvements.
- Denis to finalize changes on the open issue and coordinate with Piyush for merging.
- Group to seek community feedback on the "Get Started" Page.
- Tyler will schedule weekly meetings on Thursdays at 6:30 am Pacific time.

## Transcript

Attendees

Abdul Al Numan, Cheng Wang, Denis Lelic, Emmanuel Arthur, George Pro, Piyush, Piyush's Presentation, Safayet Adib, Tyler Wright, Tyler Wright's Presentation, Zach Horn

Transcript

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. To the most recent Akash website, working group session happening on the 10th of August 2023.
Tyler Wright: During the working group for the ecosh website, folks from the community and various teams come together to talk about ways, to improve and advance. The posh Dot network website, make a better user experience for new and existing akash community members that are trying to learn more about a car. They're trying to deploy on a cash. I kind of become providers on the Validators etc. So, again, with the cost on network website being such a major touch point for a number of folks trying to interact and…
Denis Lelic: Alright.
Tyler Wright: understand their caution network. It's working group is essential in defining. What the next steps are. For the website and implementing changes in the web to the website. As we continue to again, improve that experience.
Tyler Wright: I know that. During this session, we want to have it as an agenda item for Piyush and his team. I think online He goes by Ox, Bold Panther, but they have sent in an issue related to the home page and have had talks both in The discord working group channel as well as privately about the desire of pyerson his team to work on the network website and help again with implementing and designing a new changes, new features.
Tyler Wright: So with that said, I do want to pass it over to Piyush. I know committed, some other action items on the agenda but I do want to pass over to Piyush. I would love and I apologize if I'm pronouncing your name wrong but I do want to have you talk a little bit about yourself, your team, the capabilities, and then again from there we can ask any questions and you all can ask any questions about designs implementation. Etc. Dennis, is that sound like a good agenda?
Denis Lelic: Sounds good. I would only add after piyush. Finishes his part, we can go through the rest of the issues that we might have to tackle in the near future.
Tyler Wright: Excellent. all right,
Piyush: Okay, thank you so much, Tyler and Danish for such a warm, welcome and introduction. Before moving forward, I would like to introduce myself and the team members that are in the meeting. So I'm piyush found in CEO of Women's Installer. We basically runs this company as a team to provide services related to design, website development, Workshe services, to economics, etc. We also build a products related to Aiml, but that is not related to the service industry. We build our own products In past I found it some of the great projects in the matter was industry. Got some excellent grants from Blockchain. such as near Portugal and all
Piyush: So this was a little introduction of myself and professionally, I'm a computer science engineer. I've just graduated from college two to three months back and after that, I just started this company and running it very wisely. So today as India is very clear, we would like to explain what we have explored about Akash network but issues, we have faced while building on Akash network website and how that can be improved a little bit of suggestions and also the issues that we have raised in the github issues. So if you guys love, can I present my screen?
Tyler Wright: Absolutely.
Piyush: Okay.
Piyush: Is my screen visible.
Tyler Wright: Yes.
Piyush: Right. So, before starting with the
00:05:00
Piyush: Thing. And this is the issue that released which was basically overall structure that we have found on the website that we proposed. But ultimately we got the guidance from the leaders such as Denis and Tyler to Part, this issue separately. So we could have a great track of timeline as well as budget. So in this issue, we raised four to five parts. the Code Inspection and Planning landing Page Improvement Community page and blog designing block page design improvements. As you can see,
Piyush: And we have also designed the thing in the figma file that I did shared with the team in the discord as well. This was the ultimate design file that we did on basically related to the existing page. But as I can see Denis has taste a lot of issues recently on the GitHub, which makes it very clear how we should move forward with the token, paste design. So before using this issues, as we are very new, we have just walked on the landing page till now. So before speaking about the landing page, I would like to speak about the issue that Denis raised about code inspection cleaning. This was one of the issues that we used in in our issue. So, here are Denis.
Piyush: Limits here then give me two minutes, okay?
Tyler Wright: No.
Tyler Wright: I think while we wait for Piyush. Again, you can kind of track these issues inside of the website repo in the Akash Network organization, that's where everything related to the website lives again, all in one clean place.
Tyler Wright: Piyushing the same. Also submitted a PR that I believe is Trackable PR number two, 11. I'll
Tyler Wright: The teammates and changes to the website landing page.
Tyler Wright: If anybody has any issues that they want to talk about maybe that come out of meetings or come out of just basic audit of the website, please feel free to throw those issues inside. Again, the cost network website, repo on those issue column, and there's a template that folks can fill out. And then, we could talk about these issues in the weekly cost website, working group sessions, And then decide on implementation path to sign on Design Path copy. If there needs to be any copy…
Piyush: He?
Tyler Wright: if it's a new page or updating copy and then again continue to move forward from there.
Piyush: So, sorry for the disturbance guys are so.
Tyler Wright: Yeah.
Piyush: So this is the issue That was a part of The whole issues it was related to the code inspection and cleaning, and Denis are some of the questions in this issues and accordingly. We created a draft explaining the issues here, So there were some points mentioned there are classes which are being used in the code but there is no style that exist, basically behind that class which means that class is unused and is not necessary in the code.
Piyush: And second issue is this inline CSS files. We have found some places where the class and inline CSS files are being used which is considered not being the best practice. Because when a new developers comes and he's observing, let's say a component and he finds some of the CSS file in the Global CSS base CSS folder all file and some of the CSS file in line. what will create? It will create some confusions. It might create some confusion to the developer who is developing. And secondly, we find that the important tag is used, overused in the code This should be minimized. This is because using hornet, call code means, we are overriding the existing CSS files and trying to implement or push.
Piyush: Something that we want to be displayed and it's called as a temporary solution. What issue that it can create is Let's say I'm a new developer and I want to build on a cache and if I find the important egg is used, if I try to change the CSS file, let's say I change the CSS file. what it will do is the CSS file that is behind the scene which important tag was all writing. It will create a conflict, it might create a conflict and make Creator can consequences on the overall design, and then we find the issue related to the the media query, you seconds
00:10:00
Piyush: I can explain from here. So we find that there are some places where the decimals are used, which means what happens is, media queries are mostly used to keep the design, highly responsive. we through media queries, we try to predict effectively like how the website should be displayed in a particular. Let's say X is screen size. But here, what we found is there are some decimals used which should not be used because there are different types of screens, right. We have to adjust the things. According I will share this draft and dropping this drop in the chat.
Tyler Wright: Excellent. Let me pause for one second. Arthur. Did you have a question or comment as your hand raised?
Tyler Wright: Arthur, you might be a mute if you're talking.
Tyler Wright: Okay, maybe I can't really hear you. So if you want to type it in the chat you can again I think your mic is on mute.
Emmanuel Arthur: I sorry. …
Tyler Wright: They're fine.
Emmanuel Arthur: there's something that I want to comment about. It could be that. Pronounce is I don't know if I mentioned your name correctly. Currently what's your observing, isn't it? The code is not in an optimistic and it's important to know that this is the final question. You work out throughout the development process, I've been contemplating to transition the parent CSS to transition the Hood's house to kill means. Yes.
Emmanuel Arthur: For brother contributions. And recently, Denis also mentioned to me. That naturally, we would like to move the code base to them parents. And I think that was the best episode, the code that you are seeing now. It's not the final result as I'm currently constantly working on changing the bootstrap. So, right now, all this are moving to bootstrap and those scss files are not needed if you want more people to contribute and if we want to move the development faster, so we decided to move the code to Parents CSS.
Emmanuel Arthur: So the code that you are seeing now is not in the optimal state, I would say. But in the future or within some next week or something, we will just published a new code. This is just for the frontend side and I'm the only one working on it. So I just missed some few changes but the code would be optimized maybe in the week coming or so. So it's good to see you guys quite bringing out this issues and I'm happy to collaborate with you guys on how best we can contribute to improve this code base and work on other feature issues. Yes. So I'll be glad to…
Piyush: Yes. Yeah. That's
Emmanuel Arthur: the day. I'll be glad to see how they could clean out to go and how you guys will set up the bar. For other developers who are willing to contribute in the future,…
Piyush: Yeah, I agree.
Emmanuel Arthur: you guys, welcome and I said that maybe we can move since you have been any cleanup and you want to go for? Maybe. Yeah. You want to go for other? Highlights. I suggest that since we are planning to move to parents CSS For easy, abduction. I suggest that you guys will move to parents yesterday so that the development will be much more easier. Maybe when you take one for you,…
Piyush: Yep.
Emmanuel Arthur: just move the whole far and you don't have to navigate to other starships. You don't have to understand for development.
Piyush: Yep.
Emmanuel Arthur: We can just do all the development in the Indus So the code that you are observing. Now, it's not the final food that we are willing to use it. For development. this is just we are constantly improving it as you guys coming soon.
Piyush: Yep, So yeah, that's a great point. Although we will definitely be collaborating. So these are some of the general issues that we are pointing out. And there are some guidelines that also needs to be defined from now onwards because it's just a suggestion from our side. As I can see. Till now what Akash was doing is there was a proper guideline folder designers but when it comes to the design but when it comes to the development, there is on the one guideline it is to check the pages, paid on Google it is scoring hundred or not. So, but if you ask me generally, it's going 100 plus 100% is a good move, can be achieved, but when it comes to the clean code, right? How there are some components that we have found the code reputations. I agree. it's not a final product. We will definitely be collaborating. That's why we are coming into play and we will definitely be called a building to keep it easier for the new developers. we found the
00:15:00
Piyush: And structure is also not maintained properly in the code. And what does I mean by comment structures means If I'm a new bike Let's say I'm a new bike and I just open the akash code in My vs. Code extension. let's say there are five components on the landing page, we should have a proper comment structure like This is component. A, let's say we can call it a header, then component, be community page and the corresponding CSS file should be maintained through proper classes that it directing to the CSS folder. We define the proper CSS files, where we also maintain the proper command.
Piyush: For example, let's say there is a footer. So we should maintain the proper commands and we should also follow the proper UX practices or What should I say, the proper code coding practices. So I think we can add this as a community. We can add this guideline. Also, whenever someone is creating a PR, we should always tell them, mention proper comments in the code, maintain high quality structure besides all testing the hundred percent score on Google Page state. So this is this doctor I will copy paste in the code inspection and cleaning issue that Denis says. So it has some screenshots as well that you can go through. If anyone has questions, you guys can point it out to us and also We found one issues like we have seen. We saw that in the global CSS file. We saw there are
Piyush: CSS attached to the tags H2S th4 at 6. what issues that it can arise for the future or even the present contributors let's say H1 tag is basically used for maintaining the size of the text which similarly as to these are very common tags.
Piyush: And let's say we have a design with five components, right? In design, one we are using H1 tag in design 2. We are using actual as to tag but the design positions are little bit different. what will happen is, if H1 tag is used in five components and we are not maintaining the components CSS file through classes but instead of x that CSS, that is attached, the tag will get applied to the components and it will affect the design and also the responsive and the media queries are very important when it comes to the responsiveness. this is the small example that we did. So our agenda is very clear and also the last thing that we pointed out in code, inspection cleaning is variables,
Piyush: I can see there were variables that were there from the start only So it was little hard to maintain the variable things. I agree in that and what we will do be doing is when it comes to the variables we have to define what variables component using
Piyush: is used is for what, So we found some of the components where there are lots of variables, but as a developer, if I say, it's not that clear, where the variable is getting used. If the proper comment is getting me. If we can maintain the proper command structure, we can easily say this, code belongs to this, and if I change this, this is what it will happen. and lastly, the conclusion is why this is important. It's because we want to maintain a long-term sustainability for the car and as we all know that the website is a central structure for any of the organization
Piyush: and as it's a community initiative, we have to maintain it because if the new contributors comes, it will make it harder. We do not maintain for them to understand What code is getting used for the proper command structure, and the proper high quality practices. So this was something through code inspection cleaning. We were also be looking forward to establish these guidelines with the leaders, so we can have a proper smooth process going forward. so this was related to the code inspection and cleaning that there is and this was the proper whole issues that it is in this as I can see, some of the issues that we can cancel because
00:20:00
Piyush: The community pays issue can be canceled for now because as I can see, Denis raised the community-based issues in which it was a broader part of something that we want to achieve. So we all can plan things accordingly for the community base. Similarly, for the token page we can do as a block page. So as the block is lacks, There is no designer block, basic structure. It was also raised by the Arthur. It would be nice if you can contribute to the block page if you want. And also We improve the landing page paddings. We saw there were a lot of issues when it comes to the margin and proper responsiveness. When we were opening the previous website in the tablet versions, it was creating it was getting Compressed the container was getting too little as compared to the screen size. So in the medium device is also. So we saw this and we improved,
Piyush: Whole landing page accordingly. Firstly, what we did is we created the design and the figma This is our process and this is how we do. So what we do is we create a design even if the image is provided the try to keep that thing in a sigma so we can have a proper structure called defining in the binding and margin. So both mobile and extra versions are being created here. So as you can see, we created things accordingly and then we implemented it on the website of the landing page. And this is how it is looking right now. And there are some issues that then it's pointed out. So we will fix them. And I would now want to transfer it to Tyler, and it's over. And you are ask some questions and so, yeah, we will continue recording.
Tyler Wright: Thank you very much for that, explanation of the code cleaning. And then again, that you all put in PR 2111, which is in the chat.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that you've been putting all of the work Inside the working group of Prakash website and letting folks know the changes that you're making, I really do appreciate that in terms of the code cleaning and the kind of structuring, as they continue to add more contributors. I would love to collaborate with you and set some guidelines and structures for what's expected of folks that are going to be contributing to the website. So that's something that we would love to again collaborate on work on together and add to GitHub. So everybody moving forward is working under the same sort of structures and guidelines. I think that makes a lot of sense.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that you all have a number of changes that you have want to make. do you have An understanding of how many hours the code cleanup and this first couple of phases, how long that will take you and how much you take that'll cost so that we Start to figure out what a budget looks like and how we can activate you as a team. And frankly, I'm a separate note. I know that you mentioned at the top of this that you all are working on an AI ML project. I know that's not related to this but I know that I would love to learn more about that because I know that's something that Akash is really leaning into and obviously with the main net upgrade coming up in GPUs being accessible on the Akash network,…
Piyush: Yep.
Tyler Wright: I would love to hear more about that kind of project, but that could be a separate conversation.
Piyush: Yep, So the IML project is kind of something related to the infrastructure and tooling that our cost can adopt in a better way. Because if I give you a general structure, let's say we have a documentation, So it's all text but the documentation cannot answer, All the custom issues that the user space or the developer space, So On a general note, what we will be building as I think first check current cooling kind of thing that can resolve any kind of issues of the community. It can be related to the coding. It can be deleted to understand it. what's going on in the cars? kind of a central hub for the cost network. So that's all. I just want to say in this mate and I would love to have a separate meet for that with you. whenever you are free,
Piyush: So that's what I was speaking and the code inspection cleaning. As you said, Yeah, it's very much needed. So we will definitely be giving our suggestions to stretch out the guidelines because writing proper code is very important as I suggested because when it comes to long-term sustainability, as more developers will come in, they will try to understand what's going on in the code. So if the code is not properly maintains who comments and through proper structures, it might take them a lot of time to understand what's going on and it will create a resistance for more number of contributors. And as the long-term visions suggest we should be giving out the guidelines. and also
00:25:00
Piyush: I would love if we can maintain a design file as well and I know, Denis is maintaining everything related to the design, so as I suggested last time, we should maintain a property design file. So we can have a proper margin and padding as a developers, what will happen is we have to define the Dextrope as well as mobile version and rest we can take care of from the code, but if Dextrocon mobile version design is clear. For example, if I show you
Piyush: This is So this is the page. The design that we did. And here we can measure the margins and all. So this is the blog page design that we did. And This is the mobile version of this blog page. So these little difference, So this cannot be predicted. So, It will be better if we can maintain our design file with desktop and mobile version. So for developers, it will be easier to implement the exact structure. So, yeah, that's what I want to say for now.
Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent.
Tyler Wright: on this group, I would like to. Talk about moving forward with the code inspection. I know that Arthur is working on demand page. I know that again. Tyson is team, I put an issue that is being reviewed and I think we'll talk about merging sometimes soon as an indicator of the work that they are capable of. Obviously walking us through their process and what they want to add to the working group they've done. So, on this call, I would love to
Tyler Wright: Talking this call about approving the code inspection issue and bounty and getting a timeline on when that could be implemented, does anyone have any thoughts or objection to Pierson's team working on code inspection and implementing changes where they see fit?
Tyler Wright: Prices are a dollar amount in that bounty. I'll go ahead. Arthur.
Emmanuel Arthur: Actually with the coding inspection and cleaning, as they have issued that they have read about the coding inspection area. When you go to your first issues that they will regarding the whole landing page, improving the whole land into it and everything. And you shouldn't presentation. It seems, they have two issues regarding code, especially and clean up.
Piyush: Okay, so I can see you are talking about the redesigning of the learning page. So first of all, I want to point out, give me two minutes, let me open our issues.
Piyush: First I want to point out like we have never said,…
Emmanuel Arthur: M.
Piyush: We are going to redesign the landing page. We said improving the design of the landing page and accordingly. What we did is we created a sigma file and implemented the things As you can see on the website why we did this is first of all, this is done by us.
Emmanuel Arthur: M.
Piyush: We have not changed anything, we are just changed the structure and the little improvements, therefore, very important for the website that we did. So I just want to make this clear that we have now. We are not saying that We are going to redesign the whole landing page. So this was to put out to improve the landing page. why we did this is there were some issues related to padding and margins. even if we open this, Wait Cantones.
00:30:00
Piyush: So in this screen, as you can see what happens is here, the block part gets scattered, so the margin and padding were not clear and we were very skeptical. there is a scope of improving a little bit of things that can make a lot of great things happen. So, we have expand as you can see in this, and as you can see this, that we improved. So this was related to the improvement that we paste. It was never related to the redesigning, so we accordingly improved the things. As you can see, we little bit improve the desire as well. The animations we implemented, we will remove that because I think as for Denis, that is not in the scope of the design. So This is what we implemented as I'm sharing the link. This is how it looks like.
Piyush: So, as you said, we should not waste time. It was Not a part of giving a lot, but it was part of proving us as a team like what we can do. And so yeah, this was related to improving The padding marching the responsiveness, and to showcase our skills. And in implement the missing components, like the footer connect with community and improve header, a little bit. So yeah, that's all we wanted to. Saying that. So if you have got any more question,
Emmanuel Arthur: 
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm at that, that's And that's really a good contribution to drive Arthur's development and another level. And there's one thing that I would ADD regarding the taking page, Denis designed the cooking page, not to learn to win. I transform the design. It's good. Actually regarding the taking page. I didn't see anything. Wrong with the design that Denis built.
Piyush: No, I am not.
Piyush: I just said, in the code structure we just saw the scope of little bit of margin and padding and we accordingly implemented. So it was all Denis who were guiding us. So I'm not saying that it was a bad design. I'm just saying there was a little bit of scope that we thought, it can be improved and we did. So and Denis was the one who was guiding us so far. And I think I joined on. If talk I got in the group, I like fifth of July like us. I asked questions How can we contribute and you might look aside website group and accordingly. I try to understand it was old and it's who I did us and we saw a little bit of chance of improvements and as a community member we just did our part. So it was not at all saying the design was bad or something.
Emmanuel Arthur: but
Emmanuel Arthur: I tell you didn't get my point. I wasn't seeing. The design was bad and you guys want to improve it. I was seeing the taking place design was done not too long ago,…
Piyush: He?
Emmanuel Arthur: and I'm actually referring to the cooking page design that Taking place design was done not too long ago when we implemented and actually, the technically designed us some implementing, I see that the complete Denis is more impressive and actually gives every information that I need that page. And is that? instead of redesigning and improving that taking page, in the team things, if they didn't believe that taking page would like to improve then I guess that would be the best happened…
Piyush: Yep.
Emmanuel Arthur: but I don't think the thing has raised any issue about it. did taking business to improve so probably I was sudden that maybe when we are improving the other pages or we channel the energy to other places that become weapon.
Tyler Wright: I think George had his hand up before, Dennis, so George you go and then we'll have Denis follow up.
Denis Lelic: I think George just finished. So
George Pro: I'll actually speak about the code is presentation. I had a mentioned that. Denis said They want to rewrite everything. He came in CSS. So I was asking if the team is going to kind of write everything in TV, CSS audio just going to do cleaning and everything, just cleaning and then we're writing this code or they're going to put it in clearance. Yes.
Piyush: So if you ask us about the learning page, we have done the cleaning part and also improve the whole series file. we will definitely take care of the tailwind CSS. If you guys want us.
Tyler Wright: Excellent. Denis. Go ahead. Did you ever hand up?
00:35:00
Denis Lelic: Yeah. Thanks everyone. Loved the discussion. That's going on. Love that this is a growing group. so, Also, I have to give appreciation to Piyush and his team for the first contribution. And as we talk, I talked. In the previous days I think starting off with a separate issue for code, expansion is going to be a good one. I know Greg mentioned a couple of times like some issues regarding the code. So when this issue is prepared, I'm going to copy all of the stuff you've mentioned and sharing in the doc put it in the Github and share with Greg as well. And to see if that
Denis Lelic: Thing is going to ve. His concerns. And also I got to give I know, Greg George mentioned I did not get the website. I started contributing later just the rest of the crew here. but as you'll see in the issues posted today, for the last couple of weeks I've been gathering feedback from different core team members, and Stuff. They're missing the one I have. On the website, things they want to improve. So there was a lot of conversation going on in the background and
Denis Lelic: there was going to be some changes. I'm trying to capture everything in a separate issue. For each of the topics today. I just posted one for the community page redesign and it's the issue. Number two, one, four. So, if you have a look, it looks like we have
Denis Lelic: The community page getting overcrowded with different topics and it's a key just keeps getting bigger and bigger and I'm afraid there's gonna be a big information overload happening over there. So in the last couple of days I was working and talking with bars and Different team members where they said they want to add new things and I propose a solution where with splits, the community section into two parts, one would focus Mostly around the community.
Denis Lelic: So about akash insiders events community contributions, cash education. So pure community stuff and on the other hand, I don't have a name for it. I just called it Network Vision and Development and we could have two sections. They are one with focus on the general information for sh and network activity stats pricing stuff like that. I'm sure that's gonna happen quite soon. I know Boss is working on some sort of a presentation and we would like to include that on the website. So I'm just making some space and real estate to put all of those things there.
Denis Lelic: And on the other side, also part of the vision a network vision and development. There's product strategy, community groups, roadmap current projects, there was several times people ask me Where can I find the current projects that are ongoing at the moment? And honestly at the moment they're quite buried into community and there's a drop down under community groups and you have to kind of look through it. So having that more visual and accessible might increase, our change chances of people getting involved in different working groups, projects six, Yeah. So that was one thing on the And another issue get started.
Denis Lelic: also a concern for brought up by some community members that a button get started is kind of Not doing justice for other. Projects that are currently On akash such as Prater and Cloud Nose. But At the end of the day there's so many ways to get started on a cash either. You can become a provider, you can deploy your own app and you can join the community. Just hang around. You can read about it in the docs.
00:40:00
Denis Lelic: So totally depends what the user wants, but on our hand, we have to kind of guide the user.
Denis Lelic: I think having some sort of a decision tree. for example, if you want to deploy here options for deployment, if you want to become a provider here at options, and also there's in this issue. And thanks Piyush for sharing your screen. I just realized I'm not so
Denis Lelic: Yeah, there are also a couple of options nothing here is finished, so it's always open for the debate. I know Piyush mentioned the mobile version and stuff like that. At this point, I would encourage everyone just to Easy Share Our desktop version of your idea. Don't need to go into too much depth, so we can discuss it and stuff like that. So yeah, there's gonna be a couple of more issues coming up, hopefully today and tomorrow. Based on the cover conversations, I had with different community members.
Denis Lelic: Different team members. So I'm just trying to capture all of that into an issue form, an argument for the change and provide a solution and based on that issue and everything that's in it, we can start a discussion. everyone is welcome to put their feedback in and I'm just looking forward to making a past or progress with the changes. So it took a certain time to get used to the whole thing like open sourcing and different community members coming leaving and it took me as well, sometime to
Denis Lelic: Get in touch with different community members to gather feedback what they think about it. Also there's some feedback on the messaging Zach I'll share that as well. But yeah. That's it from my side and if she issues I've created today, Yeah, I go ahead.
Tyler Wright: As Denis has mentioned, I really like the conversation that's happening here. I think they were at the point where again we can really start to or continue momentum. I know that Arthur being one of the first contributors from the community to
Tyler Wright: support developing new pages that were live on the website. We really appreciate that. And now we have continued momentum to again, continue playing tuning the structure, and work, significantly faster. I know that some of these pages are in discussion. I would like to propose we change a cadence of the working group of cost website instead of weekly, we do the weekly meetings, what I would like to happen over next couple of weeks is as Denis and how you should mentioned. We want to keep one figma file. We want to design new pages for that new or redesign pages based upon again, the tailwind or whatever structure we decide on as a group and then I would like to move faster in talking about those designs as a group making modifications to do designs and then moving and implementation test.
Tyler Wright: Process where we can leverage Piyush and his team and we can leverage Arthur to implement these designs in the short term. And obviously, we agreed to a bounties at that point, to make sure that folks are getting properly paid for their efforts. And I want to make those decisions much faster than I get weekly In the short term. I know that as we move towards the main, net upgrade launch. I'm of the belief that the blog needs to be in a state that when we put out again, a mainnet method on that blog that potentially gets picked up by many media outlets, our blog is in the state that we feel comfortable in. So I believe that is the most pressing item right now because that may end up great to be coming in two weeks. So, at that blog design is anywhere near,
00:45:00
Tyler Wright: A state where we can talk about. Again, I know that the demand page is something that Arthur's working on and There's already about here around so I know Art Arthur's working on that page specifically that needs to be implemented. Maybe we could create an issue for the blog page and have a final design that we can either talk about today. But the last 10 minutes or talk about async and have somebody start to implement that potentially as soon as next week and then again, I would like to approve or talk about what the group are proving ability around the 30 or 40 hours for the
Tyler Wright: code inspection. Once that issue has been recreated so that we can just continue to push forward and move forward with those efforts.
Piyush: 
Tyler Wright: Go ahead.
Piyush: So yeah that. So as I got to know assembly, so we have to migrate the code completely to tell till now what we did is when we were coding on the block on the landing page, we improved the CSS files in the current structures and wherever possible, we have done, the margin and padding issues. Also right now, if you visit out All the landing page that there is highly responsive it adjusts to any of the designs with proper design and margin problems. But when it comes to code inspections and cleaning, if you guys want us to migrate the code to tell when CSS. So we would like to say here, that will take a little more time as compared to what we have, put it in our issues. So accordingly, I would like after a discussions as a team according in the time
Denis Lelic: Yeah, did you mention you would like to move to Tailwind? So you're saying, leave.
Piyush: I just want to know from.
Tyler Wright: but,
Denis Lelic: Yeah, I was about,…
Piyush: where,
Denis Lelic: I was about to say, Suggesting we leave the bootstrap thing behind us and use Tailwind.
Piyush: Yeah, so I just got to know that recently from Arthur and George that we are moving to the wind. So when we will be doing the code inspection and cleaning if The team wants us to convert the things all this files to tell and as well, while doing the board inspections and cleaning with proper command structure, then it will take more time than we have put out in our issues and accordingly as a team. We will update the timing in the issues. If you guys want us to move the things to tell when CSS.
Tyler Wright: I think, first of all players, I think that makes clear sense to me. I think Arthur and George. We're making a suggestion on doing that, which I think is a good suggest. I think Denis to talk about that. I would like to make a firm decision on that with this group. I think we have enough stakeholders here. Do we want to structure, everything and tell? What does anyone have any objections to, tailwind css?
Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Denis.
Denis Lelic: I don't have an objection but I know Greg likes tailwinds and we're moving with the rest of the products. On tailwind. So just having this consistency across Different touch points such as website and console. And so on having the same library is gonna be helpful and it's gonna bring the sense of connectivity between all of those touch points.
Tyler Wright: Excellent. So I think that's a,…
Piyush: Next.
Tyler Wright: that's a firm decision. Has been made by a number of stakeholders across their cost community. That we're going to structure everything in tailwind. CSS, moving forward and that'll be one of the again, guidelines for any new developers that are going to be contributing to the website that they have to follow that structure. I know that again, it sounds like Denis has an action item of it. Sounds like cleaning up this issue or maybe making a new issue based upon the conversations we've had today. And then piyushen team will readjust their hours for the cold clean based upon knowing that we have to make some changes and update everything to tailwind. Does that sound accurate Cool.
Piyush: And also I want more serations as the things as we all know, the things are getting tracked in Discord Server and on the Github issues page, I think we should also make an option page where we can have a public notion page where let's say there is issue one on which we are working and then there is a shibu on Abdul is working. So it will keep track of things and we should also define the proper timeline before this, it will be completed. So as a contributors, we will try to give the Proper or the accurate timelines. But sometimes has been
00:50:00
Piyush: All are doing as a contribute as we all are contributing. So some contributors might face relay so that is a sub people, but we can have a guidelines in the notion as well because it may become hard go to issue issue different issues and see who is working on what is working on? What? So in a week if you guys want us we can structure notion page so it will be easier to drag things. It will not take much time, I think it's not more than late. It will be little easier to things like…
Tyler Wright: Thank you.
Piyush: if we track things from notion instead of in this world. And so what will happen is we can have in announcement, the notion base. So you just contract this, only issue this lives working on this issue, the size of one. So yeah, accordingly, we can do that.
Tyler Wright: I like using notion and an overclock uses notion internally. so I'm a fan of that tool. I wonder And we could talk about this a little bit more, but I wonder if we can't do all the things that you're trying to do and just github, I know that it should not living discord discourse. Should just be for conversation and just tracking things in Github. But in terms of tracking timelines, for specific issues and some of those other things, again I'm not against I think, notions is a great tool. I just wonder how many folks from the community may access it versus just looking github and maybe we can do a better job of assigning issues to individuals and then having into the template to track hours and progress towards that ours. But again, that's something that we can talk about offline. Highest. I think it's a great idea. Go ahead, George
Piyush: Yeah.
Tyler Wright: George, you might be on mute.
George Pro: Yeah. Yeah, I was still going to talk about the TV. I asked about the terrorists here, but I'm also thinking they are some downside concern using TV series, Is it right now? We are kind of looking for fast development and if new pages are coming, then we have to wait for the team to Do a finish with a team in CSS before new development can go. And from my little understanding, I know about development, I know that is going to take a lot of time and then this means that development on other page is going to delay.
George Pro: So if we kind of want to move forward then I think we have to leave the website on bootstrap and then continue development and waiting for long time for the team to finish with the terrain before other pages can be added because right now, if someone want to build a page and you're going to use bootstrap, you can't do that because we are waiting for the other team to finish with tearing before you can use tearing as To this my small understanding grievance I have about moving to doing and I don't know how the whole team here, kind of understand the whole thing and…
Piyush: Yeah, I agree.
George Pro: how to go.
Piyush: Yeah, I live in George, if we move forward with the television, it can be a little bit of process. There is one solution if we really want to move forward with the tailwind. What we can do is we can start to development in parallel and get in sync, in the parallel space, they two works going on. So as we catch up, the thing, can be implemented into the official website. So this is how that can be done, but as I agree with George, we move forward with the telvin, so the code inspection filling part might take little bit of time if we convert the whole CSS into development, but we will find ways to make it faster and then only give the right timelines after as a team can have internal discussions with my team. So
Piyush: That's all I just want to say I agree with George. it might take a little time and my delay other pages development.
Emmanuel Arthur: And I tell I would like to add one thing regarding the website that we have now we have more than in check.
Tyler Wright: Absolutely.
Emmanuel Arthur: We have more than eight pages on the website and I do agree changing everything to pay me CSS. Now will cause much more time and we can't start any development unless they finished their migration. So maybe we can just continue to strap for now. Yes, that's what that would happen.
00:55:00
Tyler Wright: I might push back on that a little bit because I hear what you're saying, but I think as Denis as talked, about developing a number of new pages where the burden is just gonna grow over time. I think that I would love and I know that we're running upon time, I'm going to have his action item to add another meeting. Does this time work for everybody that we can do Thursdays around this time? 6:30, am Pacific, is this work for you piyush on a Thursday just for you Arthur and George.
Tyler Wright: It looks like it does so I'll start to set up weeklies on Thursday at this time for the Akash website but I would love for us again to make decisions on this prior. It's time of the belief that we should continue trying to move the eight pages over to tailwind to figure out and…
Piyush: Yep.
Tyler Wright: determine after prices talk to a team internally. What that effort will look like from a time perspective. And the only page that I think is a higher priority that we might have to re migrate later if we decide to develop it now is the blog page. go ahead.
Piyush: So, I just speaking about the block page, if Denis has made the design, we can implement that, but if the blockage design is not ready. So we have structured some of the design for the block page that you guys can look after. So, this is how the
Piyush: So this is how the current block looks like and upheld. We were observing the block base Also, there's not much CSS involved of course because there is no design. So we designed after a little bit of brainstorm with the team. So this is how the next version will look like. As you can see, on the screen, it will be much easier if I can open the prototype,
Piyush: I think there is some Internet we should so yeah, I'm explaining on the big mall only. So this is how the block looks like. If you say it's a Dexter version, this will have and then we have a cards. And then here we will have a tag and we will have additional functionality thought by you. And this is the Dexter version of and then we created a mobile version.
Piyush: So this is how the mobile version look like. So we will have a heading and all the text will be in the horizontal row which will be scrollable. Then we will have a sort by here. Then this is the design of the card that will look like this. Once the user click on this card, they will be taken to this page, which is basically a blog description. And then we have a related post and put as already implemented on the landing page. So we will just make some changes I just suggested by Denis, so if you guys are fine, We can move forward with this design of the block page.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think this looks good. I would love to continue to track this over the next day or so. If we can prioritize, again this blog page implementation, if anybody on after this call piyush, while you guys are working, while you as a team are trying to figure out the code cleanup, can you put any information related to the blog In discord. And then I'll have Denis, make a new issue around the blog page, and we can have a finalized design in there, and then we could just put again, a bounce here around that. And we can just estimate hours over next couple of days. Again, that's a page that if I'm permits, we would love to live at some point in middle next week, if possible.
Piyush: Yes, just say I will definitely take care of this, we get assigned. So that's not an issue. we just want all the community members to come forward and I think we will be able to sort of the things within we get on meeting for next few weeks. So we can create a momentum altogether as a community members. So yeah. And looking for
01:00:00
Tyler Wright: So am I. I know we're a little bit over on time. I really appreciate everyone taking extra time. again, I would ask if anybody has any other questions or comments, let's throw them in discord. I know that everyone here is in discord and is pretty active. So feel free to continue some of these conversations discord. I'm going to add a meeting again. Starting next for weekly, Thursday meetings is 6:30, am Pacific time. And again, if we can track, if Patience,…
Piyush: He?
Tyler Wright: team can track work, around the code, clean up. I know, Dennis has some action items there as well. And then if we can really track on what the next steps are, for the blog on design and then implementation as a group. I really love to track there. So I'd much appreciate everyone's time and…
Piyush: He?
Tyler Wright: discussion today. It's been a Great conversation. Thank you again Arthur for your initial contributions and being The original, the OG. And again, highest Thank you for participating in the discord for coming to working group meetings and special interest group meetings and to your team for showing an interest. It's really,…
Piyush: E.
Tyler Wright: really excited for what we got going on the future and piyush. I'm gonna set up some time for you and I to have a one-on-one to talk about the AI ML stuff. And just some other things we talked about,…
Piyush: Yeah.
Tyler Wright: Relate to Hugo, and Some other initiatives.
Piyush: Yeah, I have one Last question, further Denis. So he,…
Tyler Wright: Absolutely.
Piyush: as he pointed out some of the issues in the previous that we created related to the landing page yesterday, so I just want to ask some of the issues I got to know one as a fish, that icon is looking heavier. So it's that and in this Earth line, so what we can do is we can have a breakpoint so the purpose will for public utility can come in. Second Line. So what do you think about distance?
Denis Lelic: Sounds good.
Piyush: And then what we can do is here, we can remove this complete line open source as it's already in the future. And I just want to ask you pointed out these two functions have said same functionalities. So since we don't have the design right now, all the implementations right now, I suggested by you in the separate issue. for temporary purpose. What do you mean? Where can be directed this? Let's start.
Denis Lelic: I suggest if you have time, of course you and I can talk tomorrow during the day.
Piyush: Yeah.
Denis Lelic: Just let me know when you have time. I'm pretty much available. In the morning.
Piyush: Yeah, sure.
Denis Lelic: So, we can go through this in detail. I wouldn't take other people time, because we're kind of like
Tyler Wright: Denis, just for the record sake. Are you thinking about having patient's team implement that get started pages? You're talking about with the multiple ways to get started?
Denis Lelic: Yeah, I created the issue…
Tyler Wright: Okay.
Denis Lelic: but I was hoping to provide to get some feedback from either team members or community members. there was mostly I think Julius Arthur, And Piyush just commented that it's good idea, a good approach. So if they're there's not gonna be any Not negative feedback,…
Piyush: just,
Denis Lelic: but just providing feedback for changes. I think we could move forward.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think that pages vital especially at this pay at this point so if we could throw the design in there so we can get feedback from the community on what needs to be added subtracted. If anything, then you can continue those conversation with players tomorrow. We can look to implement that as well with this new design.
Tyler Wright: So It's just one more thing. Before I let everyone go, the open issue. You're gonna make some changes before it gets merged, It doesn't need to be merged quite yet. I know it's being reviewed right now, okay?
Piyush: Yeah, Yeah. as tennis point girl, there are some issues so we will pick source. I just need to have some discussion regarding this. If we direct those buttons and for the rest of issues, it's pretty much clear. And once we've said, you guys can merge that sorry.
Tyler Wright: Alright, again, I appreciate everybody's time and efforts today. I'll add some stuff to the calendar. If anybody here wants to be added directly to the calendar. Inviting Google. I know it lived in discord but if anybody wants the absolute calendar but just ping me and send me your email and I'll do so. But again, I hope everyone has a great day there. Should be notes, the transcription recording available soon for this meeting, but we'll definitely be talking on discord in real time very soon. And then I'll see you all next week.
01:05:00
Piyush: You guys are for you,
Tyler Wright: All right. Thank you.
Denis Lelic: Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye.
Tyler Wright: Goodbye, you took.
Piyush: Have a good day.
Safayet Adib: Thank you, Bye-bye.
Denis Lelic: Hey Cheng.
Cheng Wang: It is.
Denis Lelic: I'm not sure if you just joined or
Cheng Wang: No, I joined towards the middle. seven minutes in. Yeah.
Denis Lelic: okay, that's good. you're up early.
Cheng Wang: Yeah. I wanted to join some Tyler asked to just kind of see what's going on.
Denis Lelic: Man.
Cheng Wang: Really a lot of stuff. This is probably one of the most active sigs
Denis Lelic: Yeah, it's getting crazy. Yeah.
Cheng Wang: incredible. All right, dude, I'll see you tonight.
Denis Lelic: Thanks, Bye-bye.
Cheng Wang: Bye-bye. Thanks.
Meeting ended after 01:06:37 👋


