# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #9

# Agenda
- Review of Previous Updates:
  - website structure and transitioning to Tailwind CSS.
  - Mention of ongoing efforts and tasks within the group.
  
 - Establishment of Strict PR Process
    - Setting standards for acceptable merge PRs to prevent code issues and maintain appeal
 - Discussions on implementing Tailwind CSS and code cleaning and Inspection 
 - website Get Started Page Enhancement
 - Discussions on website, homepage, blog and press page 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, August 17, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://uqbnueeye424hiv7umqeebeow3umxvbi2beve2moiuelabowtcqq.arweave.net/pALaEJgnNcOiv6MgQgSOtujL1CjQSVJpjkUIsAXWmKE)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur 
- George Pro 
- Piyush 
- Tyler Wright 
- Zach Horn


## Meeting Notes

This meetings have now become weekly instead of monthly for the foreseeable future to enhance the Akash website continually.

### Establishment of Strict PR Process
- Tyler emphasized the importance of community contributions and the need to set strict standards for merging pull requests to prevent code issues.
- Tyler explained that there will be a stricter process for merging PRs and the establishment of standards for future contributions.
- The goal is to ensure contributions align with the project's standards.

### Website 'Get Started' Page Enhancement
- Denis mentioned positive feedback on the "Get started" section/page enhancement, including approval from Arthur and Julius.
- Denis highlighted of plans to create an additional page with three options: deploy, become a provider, and read more.
- Arthur expressed his intention to work on the Get Started Page using pure CSS for easier transition during the move from Bootstrap to Tailwind CSS.

### Website Structure and Transitioning to Tailwind CSS
- Piyush and his team's plan to implement the Tailwind library for faster development of new pages and sections.
- Greg's response to the proposed changes was positive. He didn't object to the new structure but suggested Zach review the content.
- Piyush and his team's proposal about integrating Tailwind and code-related tasks was accepted.
- Denis proposed having an additional meeting with Greg and Cheers to discuss the accepted proposal in more detail.

### Code cleaning, Inspection and Website Migration
- Priority focus areas include code cleaning and code inspection, as suggested by Tyler.
- Piyush raised the question of whether to start from scratch with Tailwind CSS and code inspection or continue working on the current repository.
- Group agrees to maintaining the current repo while simultaneously creating a private repo for the transition and structuring it systematically.
- Tyler highlighted the importance of continuing updates, especially for the blog and "Get started" page, given upcoming announcements.
- Piyush suggested adding Denis and Zach as contributors to track progress during the migration.

  
### Discussions on Website Homepage, Blog and Press Page 
- Denis proposed creating a press section to list articles and asked if it's feasible.
- Zach and Tyler prioritized the blog page but acknowledged the potential value of a press section if team effort allows.
- Group agrees to focus on the homepage, "Get started" page, and blog initially as they wait for website version 2.0
- Piyush shared plans to resolve PR conflicts and create a new PR for the homepage with improvements.
- Arthur confirmed his intention to prioritize the blog page first.

### Other Matters Discussed
- Tyler mentioned a private discussion with Greg regarding Hugo's suitability.
- Piyush suggested exploring custom solutions if Hugo limitations arise.
- Tyler highlighted the nuances of documentation repositories, with content spread across different repos.
- Mentioned the need for documentation that serves users as well as developers.

## Action Items
- Arthur will work on the blog page design.
- Piyush's team will close the current PR and open a new one for homepage improvements.
- Participants agreed to review and discuss PRs when ready.
- Participants will decide on get started and press pages once blog and homepage are complete.
- Further discussions and decisions will take place on Discord.
- Denis Lelic to finalize designs for mobile and tablet versions of the Get Started page.
- Denis Lelic to add Figma links to all relevant github issues for design.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: all right, welcome to

Tyler Wright: this most recent working group during these Akash website, working Group sessions, the group that comes together goes over issues that have come out of people. Auditing the cost website as well as implementation of those issues on this discussion about structure, which we've been having. I get the most recent weekly meeting The Canadians of the AKASH website. Meeting has changed to being weekly again for the foreseeable future As we continue to improve the AKASH website. there's a number of things that's folks are working on Iation is team out of the last meeting talked about some of their teams abilities, some of the issues that they saw currently with the website There were some discussion about structure. In the most recent meeting where we talked about and agreed upon, moving the site to tailwind CSS as opposed to if

Tyler Wright: Scattered as it is currently and putting in some more against structure as it pertains to how people contribute to the website, so that it is easy for folks across the community to be contributors without any issue. I know there's a couple of issues that are in the repo today that we're action items out of the last meeting that have since been updated before I handed over to Denis. There's one thing that I want to talk about at a high level

Tyler Wright: I know that we've been getting a number of contributions from different folks. Across the ecosystem, it has been great to get those contributions because again we've moved on open source structure where we need contributions from the community to continue to grow the Akash project. One thing that we have to do as we continue to grow as an organization is continue to fine-tune the structures and make sure that we're really disciplined and what we allow to pass. I know the last week there was some issues where Zach was creating Some blogs for the website and due to other issues from some code that was recently added it made it difficult to build the website. Again. I know that we've been focused on

Tyler Wright: Getting content out there and we really appreciate that. But I think right now because we have a number of content contributors and really there's going to be more people contributing as time goes on we really have to set a standard starting now of what's acceptable for a merge PR and we have to be a little bit more strict on what we can allow to be merge as really as a cash website working group, so that we can continue to have people contribute without again, the code breaking and not being really appealing to some folks, maybe there's again, custom CSS that's in the wrong place and so you're having to do much more maintenance rather than just building.

Tyler Wright: And so I just want to let everyone know that fear. I think we'll continue to create standards during these meetings, but again, it won't be the same. There will be a little bit more of a strict process for merging PRS. So I just want to lay that out there for everybody here. I know those long-winded. Does that make sense? I get a couple of thumbs up. If it does make sense or questions, if it doesn't

Tyler Wright: All right, there's no questions there then I do want to hand it over to Denis. I know that again. There was some issues that were added over the last week or so. And then I know that Pyerson's team have been talking about a comprehensive website transition and redesigned which was a discussion last week. So again I'm gonna throw that discussion from Piyush. In the chat, I'll hand over to Denis to walk us through. Really the action items.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Thai for the intro. Yeah. For today, I was just planning to see if there are any feedback any comments for the issues that have been created in the last week and the first one, which is actually a good feedback was from Greg regarding the homepage, we design and content revamp Which is an issue. 216.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Basically, there we gathered feedback from the sessions we had and from the conversations we had in discord with different community members.

Denis Lelic: What I took as a positive note from meeting with Greg, was like he wasn't defensive about the changes. the only thing he said is Zach should have a look at the content, but he didn't really Give us a thumbs down for the structure and for the new sections that are created. So that's a good one. Another.

Denis Lelic: Proposal. That was Also.

Denis Lelic: If I can call it accepted, it was the proposal from Piyush and his team. And it's regarding bringing in the tailwind and having Closer look at the code and code cleaning and code inspection and stuff like that. So, That's something. I guess we have to have Additional meeting and

Denis Lelic: probably it's gonna happen quite soon with Greg and cheers. Talking about this in detail.

Denis Lelic: And also, the moment, the issue was created. There was positive feedback on the Get started section or page, which at the moment leads to console, I believe. And the plan is basically to add additional page, where users could decide what exactly they want to do and we can guide them based on their decisions. So they're Three options. One To deploy. One is to become a provider and one is to read more which is basically a documentation page. So we got a thumbs up from Arthur. And there was also

Denis Lelic: Forgot his name.

Denis Lelic: Julius. He was. With us I think, for the couple of first sessions for the working group. and he also kind of liked it, and of course, Piyush was also supportive of that. Issue. Yeah, I was hoping that we're gonna have a little bit more feedback. I've also pushed these issues around a little bit so we got more traction and basically to get feedback from core team members to see if it makes sense to create these enhancement on the website. but I guess some of the issues are gonna wait a little bit and we can focus on the most important ones.

Denis Lelic: Which would be code cleaning and code inspection. Something that Tyler brought up already? We need to do some cleaning. and make sure we are going to be effective in the future and after that,

Denis Lelic: Piyush and his team are gonna implement Tailwind library, and hopefully, we're going to move faster and create new pages sections. Whatever we're going to need in the future.

Denis Lelic: Any questions?

Piyush: About. So yeah, I have one question. I just said We need to do the code inspection and cleaning. So basically as I already mentioned in our issue on Github that if we are moving to tailwind CSS, as well as the comprehensive website transitions, we probably needing to start it from scratch.

Piyush: in the Europe and I already mentioned there will be two ways we can't shut down the current version of the website till the transition is on the person, complete, right? So I proposed it to Tyler that we keep moving with the current repository. And on the side, note in private repository, we start transitioning, the thing properly in a variable structure manner, and once the transition is 100% complete, we can transfer that rep officially to Akash and that can be considered as official record then, after and in. That's what we will also be having a proper guidelines for the as well as new contributors to follow up. It can be related to the code inspection inspection, commenting, etc, besides the guideline of design that we already have. So, this is what I'm saying. as you said, we

00:10:00

Piyush: Should do according to inspection and cleaning and then we should tell when So even if we do code inspection and cleaning in the current triple, if we transition to their tailwind css will be, starting it from scratch. So I want to hear the views of all of you. what you guys are really want to see first, Should we clean up the code of the whole website of the current structure? Or Should we start properly in a new way?  tailwind CSS and proper comment structure of the website

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks Piyush. go ahead. Do you want to add something?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, my question I think Price, we're brought up a good point. And we kind of discussed this. When the documentation was being done SIG Documentation 2.0, that was done by Luna and the QUASARCH team in a private repo and then again, that was being brought over so that we could continue to again have the docs 1.0. So, again, there's a president that's already been set by having this kind of thing in a private repo that again, we check on weekly.

Tyler Wright: My question was more related to an order of operations. I know that the code cleaning is going to take some time and especially if we're going to be doing it from scratch, which I think is a good idea if we want to set again a new standard. But during that time, I do think that we need to continue to be updating at least some pages with emphasis, at least, from my opinion, being on the blog page as it currently stands as well as. I would even say the page that excuse me, Denis is describing, which is like the

Tyler Wright: Get started page. But I don't know. my opinion this is a group discussion. I don't know if the cloud excuse me, I don't know if the wait another month, especially with all these announcements we have coming over the next month. I don't know. We should wait another month for the blog. That's just my two cents on that. Go ahead, George

Tyler Wright: George, if you're trying to talk, you might be on you.

Tyler Wright: go ahead, George

Tyler Wright: George, you're still on mute your hands raised, but you're on mute.

Tyler Wright: so my action item while we're waiting for George is, I would like to talk about these two paths that push just described and if we are going with the path of having a separate repost so that piyushing his team can start from scratch. I would like to at least agree on maybe a short-term roadmap for maybe Akash website, quote 1.0 to see if it makes sense for us to add some pages. Even if we do a little bit of rework later, I think it might be worth it over the next month, but I want to talk to the group about that.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go ahead.

Piyush: Yes, yes. So I think you have spoken very good point. So as I already mentioned, we should not stop working on the current repo because the thing is, as you said, the doc 2.0, also started from scratch as a private repo and then it was being my good to the official one, right? So, in this also, since we are migrating to the proper code structure against us and you go combination. So, we'll be doing this from scratch. And also that we should not stop work on the current repo in the migration until code inspection and cleaning is complete. Although, we will try our best to complete that as soon as possible, but as the events are coming up, I think we should not stop working on the current repo and it was going previously as you said,

Denis Lelic: I have a question.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: yet, you just answered what pages are we gonna take? in this one point, Step. So as Tyler said, and suggested here In the chat, there are three homepage get started in the blog. And we can focus on the rest when we get the tailwind. Under our belts.

Piyush: So basically in the Repo we will be starting it from scratch so we will be focusing on the landing page and the blog page. So the blog page I think is one of the important thing that We should be implementing that they've been says because it holds most of the dynamic functionalities behind the scene. All the content is being handled. So I think we'll be Get started blog on landing page in 1.0 Once the migration is complete for this stick pages, we will reveal it to the community as well as I will also add you and both of you as a contributors, you can approach and see the progress. how it's going. So, and for the current version as Tyler said that we cannot wait for a month on the blog page. So we can have either Arthur or George can take upon the blog page in the current report. And also, you must have seen, we have already implemented the putter, I think after a few more days,

Piyush: IHS and others in the last truth or three days are pull  requests, have some conflict. So we will resolve that as soon as possible the footer and navbar have been implemented already on the landing page. As I'm talking about the current repo and as I said we cannot wait for one month. I think either also George can take upon other pages like Blog Page or CD page. what if they want to hear what they want to?

Tyler Wright: go ahead, George

Tyler Wright: George you were just off of mute and now you just put yourself on mute. So if you want to We could just hear you and now we can't.

Tyler Wright: while we're waiting for George. yeah I think he was just mentioned, there's already a PR that's going to be optimized for the home page. My thought process is maybe Zach and Denis can work on. Maybe optimizing the homepage copy in the short term based upon some feedback and that could go into that home page PR and then as Pierce mentioned maybe we can get Support on the blog in the short term, I'm trying to follow the structure of, tailwind Again. There's less work when we move to 2.0.

Tyler Wright: But if somebody can take that task on, I know that Again the blog for me is the most important. I know that Zach has been working hard on a number of blog posts that are going to be potentially getting picked up by no new sources all over the next week we have blog posts around the Upgrade beside me that is coming up. There's a blog from the community about their endeavors at events in Europe. So there's a number of things going on there, that I think we want to highlight. Go ahead, Denis.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Denis Lelic: There is another section that could be useful, which is the press section where we could list all the articles. Is that something we are planning to do? Can we manage that actually?

Denis Lelic: Zach, what do you think? That's kind of like I want to hear your opinion about it.

Zach Horn: I would say it's a good idea if it's technically within our capabilities to do it Now I would say the blog is higher priority for the reasons that Tyler mentioned. we have so many of these Blog posts coming that are really important and are going to get linked back to from a number of different sources. So

Zach Horn: it's something that we can implement in a reasonable time frame. I'd say it's something worth pursuing, but if it's going to distract from Or undermine other things. I would say we should focus on Get Started page and the blog first. But if there's extra bandwidth, yeah, the press page would be great.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Cool. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Arthur.

Denis Lelic: Note it.

Tyler Wright: I saw your hand up.

Emmanuel Arthur: Yes. I'm actually would like to start working on the Get Started Page and Please, can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, I was saying that since the Piyush team is going to focus on transitioning, the code from bootstrap to tailwind CSS, I would like to start working on the Get started Page, then I'll use pure CSS on it to Make sure that the code is easy to transition,

Tyler Wright: So you said you're gonna focus on the get started page. Go ahead here,

Piyush: Yeah, I want to add to Arthur that the Tailwind CSS part is going to be in a separate pro. So will be starting that in a separatory repo. And for now, when you'll be creating a website page, and you will be creating a PR to the existing repo. So you should be calling the existing extract that is there. So the PR doesn't create the conflict. So make sure that when you create a Get Started page for the existing repo, you follow the existing text.

Emmanuel Arthur: And also, if you guys are going to build everything from scratch, I'm not going to use bootstrap for this development, I will code it in pure CSS, so that the transitioning from pure css from the transition from bootstrap to things, you said to be much more easier on this side because when you see that though, be some conflict between margins, when you are transitioning from bootstrap to things. So this one I'm going to use and piyush, CSS vanilla is for it, so that the transition will be right? So you guys, we just And look at the rappers copies in the damn things. Yes, everything will be fine for you guys.

Piyush: A big.

Tyler Wright: Perfect Denis, are there finalized designs for Get Started page in the blog?

Denis Lelic: Are there they are. I just have to add the version and stuff like that, but to get started. I think we have enough.

Denis Lelic: I only provided the desktop version, just because I wanted to move faster, and it's easier to gather feedback just based on one page rather than creating all of them. So I'll create no. Basically, I just have to add figma links to all of the issues we've discussed.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we're good to go.

Tyler Wright: Okay, perfect.

Denis Lelic: And also There's gonna be probably some of the content issues around the Get started page. I only provided just basic descriptions. For example. What a certain call to action or does or what a certain section is so,

Denis Lelic: I hope you can help out.

Zach Horn: Yeah, no worries. I mean we can always do a first pass and see how it turns out that it just later. But no worries to do it in draft orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: in Texas.

Denis Lelic: Cool.

Denis Lelic: There. Go ahead.

Piyush: So, I was listening some of the issues that I pointed out the garden, the blog posts and all that that's facing. So I would like to know what are the issues that are being placed by theirs in the existing report. So, when we build it from schedule,

Denis Lelic: You're talking about the issues Tyler mentioned. What?

Piyush: About the blog sections. I think Tyler mentioned was posting some of the blogs andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Piyush: he was facing some more challenges.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, those issues I think we were able to work through those issues last week.

Denis Lelic: True.

Tyler Wright: They were really code issues that weren't even necessarily related to the blog. When we tried to build the entire site, there were things on the home page. And I think on a couple other pages that were just at coded slightly incorrectly, I think CSS an HTML where I kind of in the same area and so when it was causing builders and so we had to spend some time looking through optimizing the code a little bit so that we could rebuild the website. And I know that was this frustrating for the people that were doing it. And so, to your point Piyush, when we have more strict regulations in place for what is allowed to be a merged commit. our

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Are rather than anything that gets merged will follow that structure. And so we won't have any issues as we build new pages. as new blogs are being created, we won't have the same sort of issue of we're having a builder. Why? And we don't know, and we have to go look and figure it out,

Tyler Wright: So again I'm certainly not pacing any blame but I think we're at that point right where we have a number of participants that we want to keep adding participants to this group right? And so we just can't have our process slow down especially with Zach who is again just going in there to make a new blog entry, add some pictures and then he wants to create an announcement so that we could share it across all social channels, And so again from a timing standpoint, when adding a new entry causes a blog in general because the website in general to have build issues, then it just messes up timing a little bit. Go ahead. Arthur.

Emmanuel Arthur: There is one thing about too good that I would like to know. One thing I learned about you guys, Hugo is so sensitive. And to the extent that in terms errors, that you may not encounter in localhost, when you are trying to build a fire, when you are trying to build, if I me get the road but fast, you are on lookout which you won't get that error. and one thing that I want to third appearing that you guys when you are building the food, So fast you guys are coming to build it from scratch. You guys should be careful about what you guys are going to do because we won't get the errors on localhost. But when there is a build time, you can see that This one is popping up. So I do understand what Tyler's saying and I guess we have to be more careful about that and I've learned a lot from

Piyush: Yep, I agree. we were also creating a lot of expense. We were doing a lot of experiments for the past few days between Google and Telvin and we were we were wasting things out with their existing content, dog. The cost that have going to Memphis, some of the things and we noticed who is pretty sensitive? So we need to be very careful while doing the things. So we will make sure when we do or anything that before. even you guys coming, we'll be able to directly by just looking at the code. The new Bible will be directly able to get it

Piyush: For what component the code belongs. And for that, we need to be very careful about the Commentings. We also need to be with April about the classes that we are going to use. And also, we will try to build the components that are usable, and also, I guess element provides us that functionality as well. and it also helps us to reduce the CSS and work on CSS and helps us to implement the pages posture and the UN, Design proster. So I think it is going to be a great combinations of Google and development and more. We will explore we are already testing all the things with Google and telling I will make sure what we will result high quality and product is for the industrial standards.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: I know we kind of talked about. It sounds like we're agreeing, but I would just like to get it on the record. Are we agreeing that the pages that we want to focus on for docs 1.0 or homepage get started blog. And then if we have bandwidth, the press page,

Tyler Wright: Thumbs sideways. Cool.

Piyush: I think Arthur has already taken the get started page. I think no one has spoken about who is going to do the blockage. so,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would actually vote that unless they get started pages like a one or two day effort I would love and Zach you can correct me on timing but I think the blog page is significantly more important especially with the announcements coming. I think if we get a blog page revamp that is live by next Tuesday that would be great right? Because that Zach I know you have an announcements that you want to put out there and I get some things announcements are going to get picked up by A major news resources and again, I don't dislike, what? Let me be honest. I'm not a fan of our current blog. I'm just gonna put it out there. I just think it's, two text heavy. It's just a copy and just a seven minute read. I saw Dennis's design, and I think it could be improved and I think I would like to improve that before, even the get started page, but that's up for discussion.

00:30:00

Zach Horn: I just real quick for what it's worth. I totally agree with The current blog it's very basic which was okay to get started. But yeah, I mean, we definitely need to go up a level on that. I would also agree to get started. Page is important, long term, but if we're just talking the next couple weeks and especially from a marketing standpoint, we have some major announcements coming that will I don't want to say that more important than leading people to deploy or get started, but I think for the next few weeks you can make that argument. So if I had my way, I would focus on the blog page first. I think if anyone's hitting the website they're gonna hit the blog before they go through and get started or deploy or anything like that. But that's my opinion.

Tyler Wright: Any other opinions from anybody here on the call about order of operations?

Zach Horn: Data.

Tyler Wright: Looks like is. Put something in the chat blog press get started in homepage. I would actually change that maybe ever, so slightly to blog homepage. And then get started, press because I think that there's already a home page PR, that is almost there. so, if we can get that over the line, if it piercing, his team are able to get that over the line, then I think we had something that makes the front page look clean and optimized. And then when we're pushing people over the next couple of weeks to the blog that page looks cleaning optimized and I think the rest of sites in a good enough shape for the time being But this is my opinion.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Piyush: So basically, I will close the current PR that we have created and we resolve the conflicts and will create a new PR again for the home page with which includes scooter and also be cleaned up the responsiveness. So it looks much but I'm sharing the link. So I did removed some of the components the community components because I think Denis have plans something else for that. So we remove the component, the community connect with community and also a little less animations. So this is the current time dropping in the message. This is how it looks. I will resolve the PR. I will again, create a new year. And once it said that most, this is how Investment check it out and say your opinions.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's clear to me.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any other? Questions, Talking Points Topics. Or is anybody unclear about the next steps?

Piyush: I think I got to hear about from the Arthur, like he will do, the Get started page, but I still don't know. is going to do the blog page since it's abridity.

Tyler Wright: Arthur, are you going to be able to focus on the blog page first? And then they get started Page in terms of your order of operations?

Tyler Wright: Arthur you might be on me. Okay, yeah, so I think Arthur said He's gonna be focusing on the blog page first. I think Denis is going to provide most recent designs for mobile tablet. And then Arthur if you can give a timeline on when that'll be ready, that'd be great. I would ask that everybody on this call. we'll have some folks on the Overclock team Hiers, if you can have some folks from your team, won that R is ready. If we could just maybe review it everybody here,â€¦

00:35:00

Piyush: We?

Tyler Wright: review it and then give feedback so that we can make sure that it is optimized at least in the short term andâ€¦

Piyush: Yep.

Tyler Wright: kind of like it may not be the standards that will have for website 2.0. But again we certainly want to raise our standards and I think everyone here is on the same page and agrees on that for even just a pr's and merges that we're going to do next month.

Piyush: Yeah, so, I think everyone is very clear andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Awesome.

Piyush: being upon Transitioning tailwind CSS. So if everyone is doing which we will start privately, transitioning, step by step, and one thing that's online will share it to the community.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright: One thing I think Arthur.

Piyush: Say also.

Tyler Wright: So I think Arthur brought up a good point about One thing I'm gonna break up with Greg in a private discussion. if you go is the best option, I know that iercing passes built custom systems that can do kind of the same thing and maybe a little bit more.

Tyler Wright: A little bit better engineer andâ€¦

Piyush: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: and a little bit easier to work with from folks in the community so that's something that I would like to discuss maybe next week. So Peterson lest, unless it's an issue. If we can hold off on the Hugo stuff for the short term andâ€¦

Piyush: Yeah, sure.

Tyler Wright: we can figure out a solution for that next week.

Piyush: Yeah, Basically what I observed is you is being used. Or to basically serve the meltdown file in the front end. I think there may be ways are I have personally explored how the Italian co-founder published this block and he uses the custom things like, Basically, you push the markdown file into his repo and then he have a Python script. We generates that I still using the custom style. And in this way, we have the full control. We can also use Google, but there are some other ways which we might use if everyone is,

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Denis. And then I do want to give out the context on Hugo, but go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Are yeah, that's a good call. Tyler regarding the Hue going, the custom stuff, maybe before that meeting happens, we could just like list couple of arguments. Custom and why not Hugo?

Denis Lelic: If we go that way, I think that could be done together with Tailwind transition.

Piyush: If I,

Tyler Wright: Absolutely one piece of context that I want to talk about. This is a active conversations happening to SIG documentation, and again, there will be a SIG docs meeting next am next Tuesday at 7. AM Pacific where we'll look to hash this out, but one of the issues that we're having currently with Hugo, that the crates, our team is trying to work through is with the documentation.

Tyler Wright: There are a number of paths that we want the documentation to go. So there's a documentation site that's designed for folks that are using the Akash network, right? if you want to become a provider, Scott Carothers has done a great job of really articulating step by step how to do these things. And obviously this group is helping optimize the design and this low of how people go through that DOC site. And that's most of what doctor is. But there is new develop documentation that is designed for folks that are building clients that have to understand akash under the hood in the core code. The nodes the provider repo and understand that at a deeper level so that they can build on top of it.

Tyler Wright: That's something that's going to be added to the Doc site and figuring out, if you can handle multiple repos to pull docs from is something that is up for discussion and maybe a limitation, if they're a custom solution or the ideal solution, will be allowed for doxity, pull from multiple repos. So that, when somebody's using a dockside and they're inside the provider repo, they can see documentation related to the provider repo right there. And there, I get a developer. So that's just like a high level need that. We're trying to make sure that you go can do. And if not then Hugo was gonna have to be off the table in general. So go ahead.

Piyush: Yeah, so basically, you are saying, we have free types of documentation. And these documentation is spreading different levels, And we want all that thing in a single front end, right?

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: And we wanted to be accessible and it's all been marked down. It's always like files change. We want them to be changing it all the right places, We want to make sure that it's supported in the back end of Hugo.

Piyush: You so I think here, we should explode the Python and all because what happens is you has a little bit when we use the commands of Google specifically the syntax what happens is the new pokes will not be able to understand like it's because It took us also a little bit of time to understand what's going on in the Google. But if you're saying if you want to pull the things from freed up at the same front end, I think. it is not going to be in the same content but what we can do is we can deploy it. Those three rapport in a separate

Piyush: And then we have a sub For example, on the main domain, we have suppose net, but we have a documentation and when someone clicks the developer docs, it will take them to the sub domain developer Akash Dot network. It will also be written in Google, but it will be serving the second rapper content. And for example, for notes, we can have known stored across from Netflix and it is serving the third. So, in this way, if you want to merge things in the single thing, then I think it Into the cloud or it be all three things should be combined in a single repository, then on ladies possible. Otherwise, it is going to be sub domain structure as for me,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, we can have a discussion. And again, if you have time, next Tuesday, I'll invite you to stick documentation meeting. But there is a little nuance because again, there's a number of repos where this documentation needs to live, So some of it needs to live in the provider repos, some of these live in the node repo and this is more. So, in the developer side again, there's one repo currently for just, basic documentation, for users on that cost network. But it's a little bit more nuance when it comes to developer documentation.

Piyush: Also I think as we are talking about the documentation and all I have shared something related to Aiml, powered a chain for something like that and I think that can be advanced version of what you're trying to do here. And once it's get ready, I will share the link to test it out and I think it will act as a kind of personal assistant and can Set a parabolic trajectory for the user experience, as well as the new developers. So they will don't have to sprawl to the documentation manually. They can ask any questions even if they are facing some errors in the terminal they will be able to ask our engine and it will automatically answers.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other discussions or topics that anybody wants to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: Let's continue to talk on discord as we work through the next week, again Arthur once Denis has a designs ready, if you could just focus on the blog and give us a time, will now be ready? And then again once that PR is up and ready, we'll all make sure to take a look at it and then I know that piyush's team we're gonna close our current PR and open up another one. And again, when that PR is ready, we'll take a look at it as well and make sure that those things are ready to merge. And then from there, we'll talk in chat about who's gonna be focusing on get started impress. Once again the blog and the home page are done and then it sounds like the bounty around the cleanup of

Tyler Wright: The site is moving over to Tailwind, is agreed upon by this group and that down to proved for Pierson's team. And so they're going to start working on the cleanup and transfer to tailwind in a private repo,â€¦

Piyush: It's sure.

Tyler Wright: that will be merged. When ready,

Tyler Wright: I left out before, let's all go.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Again paying Denis or if you'll need anything between meetings but we'll start to add some of the notes for these meetings in the next day or so. Appreciate y'all as always, please ping me if you need anything online, but yeah, we'll talk soon for sure. And see y'all next week.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Zach Horn: Thanks, take care.

Denis Lelic: Bye.

Piyush: In the website.

Meeting ended after 00:45:34 ðŸ‘‹
