# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #10

## Agenda
- Update on Website Revamp Progress:
  - Review progress on updating website pages before the revamp.
  - Discussion of submitted PRs for the blog page.
 
- Comprehensive Plan for Website Cleanup and Optimization:
  - Recap of the conversation held earlier regarding the comprehensive plan.
  - Turning the plan into a discussion for the community. 
  - Presenting the plan to the steering committee.
  - Potential governance proposal for Akash website 2.0 work. 

- Blog Page Update and Demo
- Discussions on meeting with Greg
- Discussions on Hugo Vs Astro

## Participants
- Cheng Wang 
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur 
- George Pro 
- Piyush
- Scott 
- Hewitson
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, August 24, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes
- Tyler mentioned that the meeting time was changed for this week and thanked everyone for their flexibility.

### Comprehensive Plan for Website Cleanup and Optimization
- The group agrees to turn the github issues into discussions for the community to learn about the efforts and present it to the steering committee next week.
- The goal was to potentially put forward a governance proposal for the Akash website 2.0 work.
- Denis offered to help with drafting the proposal and pointed out the positive community feedback about Astro.
- Denis suggested considering the documentation and site integration before making governance proposals.

### Discussions on meeting with Greg
- Piyush reported that they discussed issues with the current code and the plan to start from scratch using the latest technologies.
- Piyush suggested the use of Astro and the idea of consolidating everything under a single domain (e.g., Akash.network/talks or /ecosystem).

### Discussions on Hugo Vs Astro
- Tyler mentioned an issue with Hugo regarding documentation where there are two sets of documentation - one for users and one for developers.
- The issue with Hugo is that it doesn't allow combining documentation from different repos into the same site.
- Piyush agreed, and they discussed finding solutions to combine content under a single domain.
- Tyler highlighted Astro's flexibility in handling this, which makes it a better choice over Hugo for the engineering team.
- Piyush suggested the benefit of combining all docs into a single repo, but Tyler pointed out the potential for documentation to have its own separate repo for easier contributions.

### Blog Page Update and Demo
- Tyler mentioned the need to make changes to the blog page and highlighted its high priority.
- Arthur suggested doing a short demo to showcase adding and deleting blog posts to ensure everything works perfectly before the launch.
- Arthur shared his screen to demonstrate the blog and mentioned no design differences.
- Arthur mentioned that he had not yet submitted a PR but would do so after addressing some responsive issues.
- Piyush also noticed that images were not displaying in some blog posts, but this seemed to be due to issues with image links.
- Piyush stated his intention to ensure proper image linking for a clear, high-quality result.

### Oher matters Discussed
- Review Process for PRs
  - Tyler initiated a discussion about having Piyush review PRs, both short-term and long-term, to ensure they meet specific standards.
  - Piyush expressed willingness to support this and outlined the idea of defining clear rules similar to the design process.
  - Tyler explained that if Piyush couldn't review, they had internal resources from the Overclock team who could assist.
  - Tyler discussed the possibility of a review process funded by bounties, where PRs could be reviewed at the end of the month and rewarded in Akt.
  - Piyush and Tyler agreed to figure out the review process and terms.
- Denis asked if there was another way to activate or deactivate the Announcement bar on the website homepage.
- Arthur mentioned that the code comments were a way to handle it.
- Tyler expressed the need to have the Announcement bar updated for upcoming announcements.

## Action Items
- Arthur to create a PR for the updated blog page.
- Denis Lelic and Emmanuel Arthur to discuss designs for other high-priority items as needed.
- Tyler to monitor for the blog page PR and initiate merging if suitable.
- Piyush and the team to work on next steps for the governance proposal and steering committee.
- Participants to stay focused on improving the blog page as the highest priority.
- Emmanuel Arthur to investigate and fix the Announcement bar issue on the homepage.

## Transcript

wg-akash-website Working Session (2023-08-24 07:31 GMT-7) - Transcript

Attendees

Cheng Wang, Denis Lelic, Emmanuel Arthur, Emmanuel Arthur's Presentation, George Pro, Piyush, Scott Hewitson, Tyler Wright, Tyler Wright's Presentation

Transcript

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to working group for the Akash website.
Piyush: just,
Tyler Wright: Obviously, this is a weekly meeting that happens on Thursday. Obviously time got changed today. Thank you everybody for their flexibility. The agenda for today is a couple of bold, the first part of the agenda. I want to and again, I'm gonna hand it over to Denis the leaders, but I want to go over and just track where we are with the pages that we wanted to update prior to, I actually just team doing a revamp of the website and again, in Tailwind starting from scratch. So again, I know that Arthur's on the call submitted a PR for the blog page, I just want to track where those items are and talk about those items. And then the second agenda, topic is Greg and
Tyler Wright: players were able to talk this morning. They talked about The comprehensive plan, that's Piyush put on github as issues for cleaning up the website and optimizing the website. It sounds like from that conversation on. The next steps should be around taking that issue and turning it into a discussion. So that people across the community can learn about the efforts of Piyush and his team, learn about what they're trying to do over the next month or so. and then again, present that to the steering committee so that next week
Tyler Wright: There could be again some discussion over the weekend for folks in the community that want to talk about the Akash website. But then again, present it at the next steering Committee meeting. If there's no issues at that steering committee meeting, then we would love to put a governance proposal for the Akash website 2.0 work. Does that sound like a good agenda for everybody?
Tyler Wright: thumbs All right, cool. So, with that said, I'll hand it over to Dennis. But I know that Arthur was working on a PR and I know Piyush some has reviewed and another folks on this call reviewed that PR. But yeah, I'll hand it over to Denis to talk about the blog page and some other pages.
Denis Lelic: Thanks. 
Denis Lelic: Just see him just going through my agenda. Yeah, so as we mentioned before we started the recording session here, I don't want to butcher your name. Is it Piyush or Piyush?
Piyush: It's piyush.
Denis Lelic: Piyus Okay, Thanks for taking your time and having a discussion with Greg, I heard some good news. Do you want to update us with any information, anything? That's maybe been formulated from that conversation.
Piyush: So we discussed about the comprehensive approach and Also, we discussed about the smooth issues with the current code and
Piyush: The agenda conversion is to start everything from scratch, and everything will be exempt, the latest technologies. And I also put in some of the suggestions we should use a stroke but it's for the conversation. I can see it was most airline ports Google. but here suggested to put in a comprehensive proposal for that quantity is What are the disadvantages? What are the text that we are going to use? And also he wants to see everything under a single domain, ecosystem jobs, community, etc. So let's say there's a partial network is the main site so he wants to see for the dogs. He wants everything under, our short network slash talks or ecosystem, as far as slash versus, and this is very important for So this was our next conversation. and then suggested We should be a comprehensive purpose of the restroom.
Piyush: Possible. And then it should move forward to the discussion and then the sharing committee for the boardings. as Tyler said, So this was our overall discussions when it comes to the website
Denis Lelic: Are great. So sounds good. If you need any help with drafting the proposal, I'm here available just ping me and we can even set up a call and go through it. I had a look at the Astro thing and what I liked there's a big community of developers around it. There's a bunch of Tutorials on YouTube. everyone is praising Astro. So
00:05:00
Piyush: Yep.
Piyush: So, yeah, I pointed out this point in front of the tag, but he wants some metrics. So we will explain every metrics, like, what's the speed ma quantitative matrix, basically, and then in the secondary scenario, we can point out the rate. Escort, the community and all. So yeah, this is what he says, just
Denis Lelic: Yeah, I go ahead.
Tyler Wright: here's one thing to add as you go on as you wait, Hugo versus Astro is
Tyler Wright: with the docs, there is an issue where Hugo from a strategy standpoint. I think we talked about this, but there are two sets of umentation. There are regular documentation for folks that are trying to, which is what you can see right now at network. Which is for folks are trying to set up validators providers deployed and then there's developer documentation which lives in a completely different repo, which is for folks that are trying to build on top of There has been an issue when we're trying to use Hugo where basically we can't pull two different repos into the same documentation site. So we can have developer documentation that links to the node repo or link to the provider repo because you go doesn't allow for that flexibility. If Astro allows for that flexibility, I know that besides the metrics and some other things that will be a great case for us to move to Astro because I know that's
Tyler Wright: The engineering team is trying to work through based upon Hugo's limitations and Asher, does not have those limitations and that is. Again another point for Astro over Hugo. Does that make?
Piyush: And as you said, Yeah, it's week sense. But the thing is as there are two reports on his developer repo and one is the community report for the documentation, it would be
Piyush: Beneficial if we can combine everything into a single report. but if you want to keep in a different triple we can do that. But I think combining everything over be a great choice. also point and I think that was pointed out. we have different reports for dogs, and we want to say everything in a similar domain and all the nice say, this is how we can do. we can combine all content with different folders in a single repo and then it will be So that passionate website, therefore, will be a main deck or for everything and everything will be properly required thing. So if anyone is getting started, they will have a clear direction like where they are. what's going on in the code or which proper comments and structure. So, it's the one approach that we should take, if we are starting from scratch, and if you want to keep it in a different way, it is possible. We will find the solution.
Piyush: Also, but I think combining would be a good choice.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think if we were combined we want to make sure that there's sub module set up. I think that was a discussion that Scott Carruthers and others were having an adults think ducks monthly meeting again using sub modules. But I do believe and maybe this is something that you weren't saying. But I do believe there is a thought that documentation should be its own repo outside of website. That the website repo again, calls upon, if you think they should all live in web website, I'm not sure the necessary that you were saying that then we can make that determination, but as we continue to move forward,
Tyler Wright: Do want to Scott Caruthers has been doing a lion, share the documentation and we do want to make it so that other folks can easily contribute to documentation and if it's inside the website repo it might get a little bit lost at the post to if it had its own specific repo, I understand what you're saying it's to be better to have one versus two like we have right nowâ€¦
Piyush: Yeah.
Tyler Wright: but Yeah, I just want you. Yeah.
Piyush: Yeah, I agree, we can keep to repost and we will figure out a solutions to combine everything to a point to a single domain. So yeah, we can, if we want to keep like that.
Tyler Wright: Cool.
Denis Lelic: One thing to consider before, we do any governance proposal and stuff. What is to Consider the docs page and the site. Are we including that? Let's say, we take the Astro instead of Hugo. It's gonna be some additional work there. So just in case we go that way, let's make sure we include the docs and piyush. If you have time, you're welcome to join the Ducks working group as well.
00:10:00
Piyush: Yep, sure.
Denis Lelic: I think the meeting happens yesterday and Tyler has more information, when the next one is when coming
Tyler Wright: Yeah, and I think just to add to that I think it sounds like from your conversation with Greg but he wants that docs to be included especially because it's gonna be under Akash, Dot network slash docs again the work that Luna and the Quasarch team were doing. We're focused on a migration path. So now that the migration is done, it could still be very much as a part of Piyushu and your team's work to implement that migration into the new Akash Network website. So I don't think there's any necessarily overlap there.
Piyush: Yep.
Tyler Wright: So if you want to add that it's like As something that you are going to knock out during the website building process, then please add that to that quote.
Piyush: Sure.
Denis Lelic: Thanks, anything else we want to discuss about? The proposal. Peers, you do have some additional thoughts. Or we can move on.
Piyush: So I think that's all we started discussions about and I will send in some of the recommendations and as true why people to it, that metrics to his email as you said? And then I think we should find supposed to give it going to the governance purposeful. So yeah, that would be a topic for, I think next one to two days.
Denis Lelic: As I said, let me know if I can support you in any way.
Denis Lelic: Even writing up anything. Okay, cool.
Piyush: Yep, sure.
Tyler Wright: Yes, I just put a link in the chat for where you support the discussion. It should live in the category governance proposals. because again it will be a governance proposal. So we want people to again, be able to track it and give feedback over the next couple of days, I don't want to push you too far because I know you're busy with a number of things, but if you have the bandwidth to create a discussion over the next two days, again, Denis Will andâ€¦
Piyush: Yeah.
Tyler Wright: I will be here to help you. I think I'll be great because I would love for you to present to put the steering committee next week and start the process like ASAP,
Piyush: Yeah, sure.
Tyler Wright: All right, cool. It also might be beneficial peers.
Tyler Wright: and maybe this is that brick governance proposal Cheng and Huey who are the call, might be able to get some feedback on this. But you and I had talked at one point about potentially, having you review even in a short term, but especially in the long term review, any PRS before they get merged. Obviously, how to meet your own standards for the PRS that you and your team will do. But if anybody else in the community like an Arthur or anybody else, Tony Stark anybody else that's been contributing, I think you and I have talked about, potentially you being able to review those PR as give any feedback and make sure that anything that gets merged meet specific standards. And I don't know if that's a separate proposal for a sort of monthly kind of ad hoc thing or something. That's a part of a bounty. But is that something that you
Tyler Wright: Still would be interested in supporting.
Piyush: So I would love to support that and I had something in mind we will outline some of the rules or doing that similar to what we have with the design process. So whoever is contributing in presentation and future with a clear lines like Okay that and then me and my team. If you have a thing and will give feedbacks for marching as I already said in the sport to Arthur that deploy it on personality we can see what's happening on the website in real time. So recently shared the link is and we can easily see how the things will look after most. So yeah, this is how people outlining the process and I think it will be very smooth as we move forward. And I think committing is also getting very frequent by weekly. So, I think very soon, we will catch up.
Denis Lelic: And that was a good idea and Arthur thanks for putting together the blog and also putting it on netfire. If I'm not mistaken, any thoughts around the blog Arthur. And any blockers?
00:15:00
Emmanuel Arthur: yes, I suggest That. I will do a short dem. Adding and deleting some blocks. So that the team could see that everything is working perfectly before the match. So I want to share my screen. I think I'm Tyler has already pasted the metal 5. So you guys can have a look about what I have built. You can also check the id No difference. So there's no difference in the design that I did. many things.
Tyler Wright: Cool, While you're sharing your screen and Arthur you should have access, I think Cheng just put a comment in the chat around the review process can fall into a long running down to yet but there's some bouncy funds, obviously, that's what we're doing for the website to this point. So peers, I think you and I in this group can figure out what that review kind of process and those terms look like and then we have again funds for a bounty that we can make sure as PRS come in and they're reviewed at the end of the month. We can Payout in Akt.
Piyush: Yep.
Tyler Wright: Arthur, are you having it's
Emmanuel Arthur: and yes, yes, actually I have Us about the PR and what if Piyush makes appear who is going to review it?
Tyler Wright: If Pearce, Vince is a PR if we have a backup internally of a couple of folks from the internal Overclock team,â€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes.
Tyler Wright: Obviously, our overclock team is quite small and is very much focused on console cloud. Most, The core product. So again, having this be run specifically by the community, where all folks, from the Overclock team have to do is just merge, the PR after it's been, reviewed is ideal state, if Piyush is not available, then again, we would use one of those internal resources but ideally Piyush it's been stand up to this point. He's been responsive, he's makes a time. I mean, I was able to talk to him on the Indian Independence Day, which he did not have to do. So I don't see any problems moving forward there again. If we do have any issues computers, unavailability on vacation or he's predisposed, then again, we have some internal resources available to us to review.
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm sharing my.
Tyler Wright: I don't see it quite yet, but that might just be me.
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.
Tyler Wright: Are you trying to share A Nephi page.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, yes. Yes. I'll tell him.
Tyler Wright: There you go. It's happening now.
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.
Tyler Wright: Okay, cool. We can see our window. We can't see. I think you're gonna. Yeah, I think we could see your whole screen.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes.
Emmanuel Arthur: Up to material.
Emmanuel Arthur: so actually, going to, The blocks As you can Happening.
Emmanuel Arthur: Someone localhost. Let me navigate to the blog page. I'm going to update the blocks here. You may be a new. Get.
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm making piano about New block that we get. I'm going to. This year. Avenue. Plus we get updated at this side.
Emmanuel Arthur: About this is, let me. The main website. Arthur's Network. You can see A headlines The cast. and I've been able To handle that. So, if you have a long head, It won't override the cast. The Hugo will look To summarize. For users to read it. It went over. 24. US.
00:20:00
Emmanuel Arthur: That's Get this day.
Emmanuel Arthur: So this a blog example. I wrote. To get the block updated in case. Think Been added to the website. So I read this one. I'm going to. The code base. Then see if it will get updated. Consider that. I just change the contributors. And resham. The titles. So, let me add it. To the Block section.
Emmanuel Arthur: On Microsoft to updated today. And put it here.
Emmanuel Arthur: To that.
Tyler Wright: Arthur while you're adding that blog Denis put in the chat. What's the maximum number of characters in the headline? Do you know that?
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm Google. Wheel of Let me just check. Why the maximum number of characters Who could have come? Certain induce headlines and it added it. 40, I just did it 40 But in terms of processing that, Order it 40. Hugo will look through to find the most readable thing to put it on the website. Instead of I'm putting the Off Wednesday. You just look to them, find the most. About 10. Just to understand. So, I can just go to the
Emmanuel Arthur: Check it Good to the black page. You see that it 40.
Emmanuel Arthur: I just have to find.
Emmanuel Arthur: Era. Content. I'm black, yes. Is that ATM? Then when it comes to this side, then we check the title. Let me just check that time.
Emmanuel Arthur: You can see that here.
Emmanuel Arthur: 4. About where? He is entered our website, but
Tyler Wright: Yeah.
Emmanuel Arthur: So we go processing it to make it. For you this? Yes. So example of cars that I just read that book. You can see that you have a Number of. so regardless of the number of headlines,â€¦
Piyush: Okay.
Emmanuel Arthur: That would be put in the blood. It Summarize it then. Loop tree to make it readable. I just want to add the block. Let me just.
Tyler Wright: Then Dennis, you have a question. And real quick here, we check your dms.
Denis Lelic: Yeah, I saw a folder there with layouts. Is this a blog post? Also part of the layouts.
Emmanuel Arthur: The layout.
Denis Lelic: Yeah. let's say, for example, if you're building up A blog post. So there's this way to add a layout to the layout library, if you know what I mean.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, I can.
Emmanuel Arthur: Mean. Layout Library.
Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm saying is Yeah.
Piyush: No, I think Denis is pointing out the layout order in the quote,â€¦
Denis Lelic: Go ahead push.
Piyush: I guess.
Emmanuel Arthur: I get it actually delay out food. of the complete and within the layout for IPC that we have, Any pages. When you come here. The layout here, we have many pages in there.
00:25:00
Denis Lelic: Yeah.
Emmanuel Arthur: This is that we have block page, And we have Speech. So, the Out food, renders, the pages for the website. So if you want to create Page. You just have to head into the Layout folder, then you create your folder, you give it an See that list the ttml or singular? You have created your page so it is part of you good. In case you want to create a Page on the website. You just have to come here then.
Emmanuel Arthur: Let's come to the layout section. Create your page, then you will get the page. So without how it is, It's part of the Hugo template. Once I delete this layout or the pages will be gone. we can't have the pages anymore. So, it's used for the rendering of You just, yeah.
Emmanuel Arthur: Are some blocks. Say that.
Emmanuel Arthur: Content.
Emmanuel Arthur: Product control.
Emmanuel Arthur: Let me just going to copy it. I can just type
Emmanuel Arthur: This.
Emmanuel Arthur: Look at everything. Describe.
Emmanuel Arthur: I'd love to create. Every food. In.
Emmanuel Arthur: This.
Emmanuel Arthur: And we are running that the time before.
Emmanuel Arthur: Have some.
Emmanuel Arthur: And the image. Me That's heavy. I'm just going to I have Idea. So, I just have to go to the black page. Then find.
Tyler Wright: and Arthur just From operational standpoint. You have not submitted a PR for this, right? you just submitted a link to NETIFY. Or. Netflix.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yeah, up.
Emmanuel Arthur: 
Tyler Wright: you have not submitted a PR yet to write. You've only just okay?
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, yes. I'm actually having submitted a plow. I get a couple of issues to do on the responsive side. So, I'm almost done. so, maybe after this meeting, I would just make a period so that you guys will be with
Tyler Wright: Yeah exactly. That sounds gonna say before you go too far down, it'd be great. If you could just make a PR and then Piyush and other members of the team can review it and give you real-time feedback before you like goatee too deep into round two revisions.
Emmanuel Arthur: Sure, let me just sign up the blocks in this.
Emmanuel Arthur: It's
Emmanuel Arthur: But get a I've seen Pandemic, this money. I just want to use This image for my, Etc. Okay.
00:30:00
Piyush: but,
Emmanuel Arthur: I
Emmanuel Arthur: this is, Each battle rendered.
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm this.
Emmanuel Arthur: It's a bit of life.
Emmanuel Arthur: Takes a few minutes to build since I added. New block. Yes. The timing belt.
Piyush: Yeah.
Emmanuel Arthur: Let me just. It to my browser. And check it out.
Emmanuel Arthur: You see that? We have a new blog here. and if that's getting updated and we have a contributors name when you click on it, That. Came on earth. It 3. Yes is presentation. We have it.
Emmanuel Arthur: Click on the name.
Emmanuel Arthur: To get.
Emmanuel Arthur: so, The blood. Has successfully Been click on. You see that? We have a bunch of update and the steps.
Denis Lelic: one question, when you click on blog Those related blog posts are there.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yeah.
Denis Lelic: How are they connected in the background? Through tags.
Emmanuel Arthur: This. Yes, yes, yes. Google has a real
Emmanuel Arthur: Looking through to find a block that related to a block, you are going to click to view. So, I'm look through. Blocks. Who go with us, help you to do that. So, you Have to put the code there. Let me just A good and it will just output. That posts about each. It's gonna let me just Could.
Emmanuel Arthur: The limit. Look.
Emmanuel Arthur: And go today, layout. And you go to the block, let me have a Hdmi. When come here, we have a Good here. Lives true. The blood images. Then. Find Comp. And it related posts to. You are going to so, right now, good to the blog page, then click a different image, especially you see a bunch of related, AI posts? On. Main blockage. let's, Here then.
Emmanuel Arthur: then we have an AI, then I click on this AI, because, I am. my tag as a. Yeah, that's why you so anyway,
Emmanuel Arthur: If you see that, we have a building this back allowed for AI.
Emmanuel Arthur: Then we have that. In all. Attend to AI was showing the page. I can say. About doing with Google, it's much more easier. But since we are going to move, I don't know So I, Landmark.
00:35:00
Piyush: Arthur away.
Emmanuel Arthur: so that she sure.
Piyush: yeah, I want to point out that as true is still not final but it's an under construction finalize, whether we are going to move west or give fishing the proof, so I'll update S3 is very straightforward, if you search astrological. So it works with the reactant framework you can use it anywhere. It's kind of framework, which can be used technology, and also, in metrics, also, it's faster. Yes. So I think it will be your work, is here, and I think it will take a little time, right? Everyone's transitioning, everything from scratch, like us trying from scratch.
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.
Piyush: But for now, I think we' should be The presentation because the current website will remain as it Transition is complete 100%.
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay, cool.
Denis Lelic: Okay, thanks Arthur. Anyone else has thoughts about the blog redesign here?
Piyush: I think it's a Can I?
Denis Lelic: Yeah. Go ahead by
Piyush: Yeah, there are some minor issues that I observed I think Arthur is still working on some of the responsiveness. So once he finalized and there is not miser issues after checking the link that shared alternately five once he completes it, I will see the issues are still there but I found a small issue in the token page when you open the token page in the mobile and you turn on the dark screen, what happens is The Tools Rate limiters
Piyush: Ecosystem Tools text gets black. So it's not visible. So this is a minor break.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, yes. I'm
Piyush: and also, when you click the three dot that is appearing in the mobile screen of Token page, let's say What should I say? It's not appearing right now, it gives us an option of FAQs but when I keep the efficulous it says 4 0 4 so you might consider taking a look at it.
Emmanuel Arthur: I just checked the design and now that I think it was Thread, that horizontal line or Yes, I just checked the design.
Piyush: Here, right.
Emmanuel Arthur: Denis have moved. The guest started. To that place. So, I have removed it from the code. Yeah. I haven't moved it.
Piyush: Yeah, so yeah, that's on my issues that I observed for now.
Piyush: Fortnite seems fine and in some of the blogs. I found out that the images are not getting displayed and that is not aware of code, that is probably error of lock writing. For example, if I share this blog with you guys, there are images links but it's not getting displayed. So it's not a cold error.
Emmanuel Arthur: I think.
Piyush: It's a
Emmanuel Arthur: And this. Yes. Is.
Piyush: No, no, I shared a link in the chat. You can see So,â€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.
Piyush: basically, this is not a code error. This is a minor in the writing. These images are not getting linked with the block properly. That's why they are not getting displayed in the blog. And I found out this issue in some few of the blocks, so Then,â€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: I thinking about this image.
Piyush: you can consider.
Emmanuel Arthur: Think this image will come from the person who updated this,â€¦
Piyush: I, that's
Emmanuel Arthur: who added this. It's a blog.
Tyler Wright: I think it was just saying that that's an error of code. That's an era Whoever added those image did not link them properly. This also might be a factor of andâ€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes. Yeah.
Tyler Wright: this might be a part of the work that you'll have to do. Here's is I believe that when Greg created the new website, as you see it today, he did a transferable out the blogs from our old website, which was managed by Overclock Labs. And I think, maybe during that transfer process, we lost some of those images. Because I think this blog and specific I was looking at a Neil Murphy blog. Yes, from last year. So wouldn't it In this github site it would have been migrated over from our old blog and maybe that's part of the issue. I know that Greg was having some difficulty with the migration process of images from the old book and so we may either have to
00:40:00
Tyler Wright: Migrate, which might cost us some money because we've since discontinued that relationship with that CMS. But again, our information is not lost, we would just have to. Hey, â€¦
Piyush: Yeah. so yeah,â€¦
Tyler Wright: option, number two is we just remove the images.
Piyush: I will make sure to Purpose things properly. So we have a hundred percent clear, the high quality stuff at the end of the research.
Tyler Wright: Yeah I think Denis has put something. I think it was an outstanding action item from Greg to import images from Data CMS which is again our old Website, host, and CMS.
Tyler Wright: So again, I know that the big action item that we talked about today is piyushin is team the next steps for them to again redevelop the standards for the website so that as we continue to move forward. Again it meets Greg standards to meet the standards of all those. I want to contribute In these short term, right while we still have the current website. We do want to make a change to this blog page, which is why Arthur we have you doing this Obviously, piyush, and the rest of the team are going to review it. So that again it's up standard that
Tyler Wright: It works and it functions properly but this is a high priority item because the main and upgrade is planned for next Thursday, we want to make sure that this blog is implemented so that when Zach creates a new blog for Mainnet, Six Upgrade. it looks clean and that's going to be a touch point from We're going to be sharing that blog with a number of different sources. And so again, this is a high priority touch point because our blog as it looks today, Is. Let's just say a little bit less than desirable.
Tyler Wright: and so, Again, for everybody on this calls. Understanding, we're trying to move from this, which is where the blog as it lives right now and looks at least again this version That shared by. That just looks a little bit cleaner and more professional at least in the short term. Obviously we don't want to make changes to every page and we're not going to focus on every the blog with a page that was decided by the group to focus In the short term especially with Zach has so many announcements coming over the next week or so.
Tyler Wright: Is that clear for everybody on the call? Go ahead, Denis.
Denis Lelic: Yeah. All Arthur A Question for you. Is there a way?
Denis Lelic: to fix that top bar, the Announcement bar, if you go to the home page, From what I? Understood from the comments, a couple of days ago, you deleted some code and now you just have to paste it back to make that active again. Or am I mistaken?
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, even if you want me to get it updated. I just commented the code out, I guess. I remember Tyler asked me to deactivate the announcement by and I commented this thing. Yeah.
Denis Lelic: Is there a different way to handle that?
Tyler Wright: Yeah.
Denis Lelic: So there's a function behind it. Where you can just, I don't know. Activate the turnoff on or off, without deleting that stuff.
Emmanuel Arthur: I actually with the Anna.
Denis Lelic: true calls, maybe.
Emmanuel Arthur: I tell you with the bell without announcement back, unless you used the Code. Commented it out. Else at there's no way you could. Just brought it up in case you need it. Unless that's what you go understand. And that's the way Google can get updated the announcement by. only you either commented the code. Or. You just let it be. so, that's how
00:45:00
Denis Lelic: Okay, so there's the only way to go.
Emmanuel Arthur: not really.
Emmanuel Arthur: I just have to. Good pressure.
Emmanuel Arthur: Here with that. The configurations are here. This, get the alerts.
Denis Lelic: Actually, I'm not seeing your screen.
Emmanuel Arthur: You can see.
Tyler Wright: Just not pinned.
Denis Lelic: I think someone,
Tyler Wright: I will stop sharing and then you should be able to pin.
Denis Lelic: Okay, thanks.
Tyler Wright: There we go.
Emmanuel Arthur: This The Announcement Bar. I tell you when I first inherited the good, there was a function that get the blocks updated on the announcement, but anytime a new blocks, Is added. Then the announcement by Portugal then it will update the new block. So I think this would handle that and what I've commented it out here, consider that we have this one here.
Emmanuel Arthur: Have I learned that ATM? To let me see.
Emmanuel Arthur: Request.
Emmanuel Arthur: I don't know.
Emmanuel Arthur: Era. I let it take them. Yes.
Emmanuel Arthur: I don't know why it's not getting with notion Up on their main homepage.
Emmanuel Arthur: That just barely taking. And I think there's nothing enough. I'm just have to find some time. Then fix it.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I might make an issue around that because I think we want to make an announcement around maintenance six coming soon with a link to the voting proposal and then obviously when the upgrade happens we want to have an apple bar and say, Maintenance six live. I'll work with exactly is out of office today and tomorrow, but I work with the marketing team to Figure out there's any language, you want to put up before the weekend otherwise we can make sure that there's an issue created for that, so we can have the update, we can have announcing bar updated early next week.
Emmanuel Arthur: but one thing is, If I didn't listen up,
Emmanuel Arthur: Just looking up.
Tyler Wright: Yeah, Arthur I know maybe if you can't figure it out now. That's alright. as the next stepsâ€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Yes.
Tyler Wright: because I just want to be conscious of everyone's time. I know it's really, really late for Piyush.
Tyler Wright: I want to again, it sounds like we're moving forward, at least with the blog page, being the highest priority. Obviously, there's a number of other initiatives that Piyush's team are working on. If you can make this a PR that links to again, the Netlify then Piyush and others on this call and others will be able to review it. And then hopefully we can merge that page if not tonight, then tomorrow.
Tyler Wright: and just have a test out the page for a couple days and make sure that it's working properly. I think early next week, Zach will start to again, add a new blog for Maintenance Six. I think there's a blog coming for, sorry, and some other efforts, and then I know there's a blog waiting the wings around community events that happened in Europe. So, again, this is the highest priority. I just want to make sure that everyone stays kind of heads down on this blog page. And then piyush, you stay heads down on next steps for discussion and the governance proposal so that we can get those things knocked out this weekend next week, respectively. is that fair for everyone?
Emmanuel Arthur: Okay, Yes.
Tyler Wright: Okay, again when that PR is available, just throw it in the chat. I know Piyush might not be able to get to it until tomorrow or probably while we're all sleeping tonight which is fine. But again, we can continue work as a group to get that to a point where we can merge it. And at least have a Clean website. Arthur I would ask that I love this temporary blog that you've done.
00:50:00
Tyler Wright: It looks clean. If you can delete it, The only reason why I ask is because last year, we did this internally. And we had a member of our core team, make a blog as a test, doing the same thing you did. And by accident, he left it up and it went live and we did not want that to happen again. so you've certainly showed that it works. Thank you very much. But again, I just want to make sure you delete it before we get too far down the track and we forget and then we just have our newest blog is I made a blog about. the goats Emmanuel Arthur,â€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Show.
Tyler Wright: Yes. Yeah.
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm deleting.
Tyler Wright: I think the last one was a picture of I get a member of her old core team's face and it was to say he's not good but it was just not a good look for their cash website.
Tyler Wright: is there anything else that we want to talk about? I know that we're coming up on time right now. And again, Getting late for folks. Is there anything else that we want to talk about this week as we continue to push towards again, improving the blog page and then Gearing up for governance proposal and staring committee.
Tyler Wright: Arthur will look out for this PR from you. I know that Denis has been working on some designs for some other high priority items but again, the blog is the most important and then piyush. After you get some rest, and I Denis can catch up tomorrow about next steps. In terms of again, discussions, governance proposal steering committee presentation, etc, Cool. Does anyone else have anything that they want to talk about bring up related to the Akash website?
Denis Lelic: I guess not.
Tyler Wright: If not then everyone have a great rest of the day. Thank you all for taking the time.
Denis Lelic: Thank you.
Tyler Wright: All right,â€¦
Emmanuel Arthur: Thank you.
Tyler Wright: thank you, everyone. Bye.
Piyush: but,
Emmanuel Arthur: I'm good about.
Emmanuel Arthur: How do you?
Emmanuel Arthur: When you grow. Ever From some of us, it's about their moment. So Remove Easy. take I said then. We have plastic to be. Wanna send.
Emmanuel Arthur: and he,
Emmanuel Arthur: Development. With fast enough.
Emmanuel Arthur: It's almost. He said.
Emmanuel Arthur: But what we have?
Emmanuel Arthur: Study. What we? I know.
00:55:00
Emmanuel Arthur: Very good. I don't know who we got Happening like David.
Emmanuel Arthur: You not remember.
Emmanuel Arthur: Every year.
Emmanuel Arthur: but,
Emmanuel Arthur: About.
Emmanuel Arthur: Correctly, would you?
Emmanuel Arthur: This kind of set up.
Emmanuel Arthur: Don't know. People wouldn't listen.
Emmanuel Arthur: If you ask you,
Emmanuel Arthur: And maybe that's A lot of people.
Emmanuel Arthur: Yeah. How?
Emmanuel Arthur: Looking from the Will require. Other people.
Emmanuel Arthur: We don't.
Emmanuel Arthur: In. Five year.
Emmanuel Arthur: Of.
Emmanuel Arthur: for your
Emmanuel Arthur: That.
Emmanuel Arthur: Started.
Emmanuel Arthur: Just at the
Emmanuel Arthur: How about? Some reason, and I think. what's happening you?
01:00:00
Emmanuel Arthur: I appreciate the offer about it. Not necessary, I Maybe have a multitude orientation will take you a long way. I'm sure.
Emmanuel Arthur: The fascia.
Meeting ended after 01:05:56 ðŸ‘‹

