# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- New Website Section Proposal: "Development"
- Progress Update on the Website Revamp
- Update Discussions ( Current Website )

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, October 12, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://5gn7dg3s3faifxnf6w5uqoabieslbqre2ywps2nyhotoc54tvsiq.arweave.net/6Zvxm3LZQILdpfW7SDgBQSSwwiTWLPlpuDum4XeTrJE)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Daniel Moore
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Zach

## Meeting Notes
- Tyler provided an update on the most recent version of the revamped Akash Network website.
- Tyler Mentioned of Piyush seeking Docs 2.0 from Luna from the previous meeting.
- Tyler mentioned he has shared the Docs Docker image in the AKASH website working group chat on Discord.

### Progress Update on the Website Revamp

#### Denis Lelic:
- Provides an update on Human HQ (Piyush and team) working on the ecosystem page.
- Mentions technical features allowing users to filter deployed projects on Akash.
- Explains the delay in the weekly update on the page due to ongoing work by Piyush.
  #### - Content Requirements
  - Zach mentioned that Piyush needs content for around 15 pages.
  - Denis provided insights based on Piyush's previous mentions and identified homepage as the top priority.
  - Denis acknowledged that the homepage content provided by Zach is a work in progress and needs integration into the design.
  - Zach emphasized the importance of coordinating with Piyush directly to discuss content requirements, urgency, and potential challenges.

### Updates (Current Website )

#### Denis Lelic:
- Arthur's work on the "get started/deploy" page.
- Integration of Cloudmos and presentation of two deployment options on a single page.
- Denis shares the link in the chat for everyone to view Arthur's work.
- Mentioned that everything is functional, and the only outstanding item is the deployment tutorial.
- Emphasizes the need to find a way to embed the video in two tiles without overcrowding the page.
- Commits to creating mock-up options to determine the best approach to embed the video.
- Assures Arthur that once the videos are ready and uploaded to YouTube, he will be notified for page updating

### New Website Section Proposal: "Development"

#### Denis Lelic:
- Denis introduces a new concept called "Development."
- Presents a rough concept where the user can click on "Development" in the menu, offering two options: "Network Development" and "How it Works."
- Mentions including general information on providers, tenants, and options for adding network activity.
- Denis expresses uncertainty about where to integrate this new concept, considering the existing community section.
- Discusses the potential impact on the community page and suggests the idea of freeing up space for more focus on projects and meetings.

#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler expresses enthusiasm for the idea.
- Supports the idea of simplifying the user experience.
- Suggests the possibility of having more navigation headers if needed.
- Raises a concern about the delay in updating information from the community repo to the website.
- Proposes working with Piyush and the team to ensure more real-time updates, especially for meeting notes and other relevant content.

#### Zach Horn:
- Appreciates the concept of the development page and suggests tracking conversions to assess effectiveness.
- Expresses support for the idea of making it easier for people to discover working groups without direct promotion.
- Highlights the opportunity for downstream discovery through calls to action on the website.
- Emphasizes the importance of minimizing clicks for user accessibility.
- Proposes brainstorming ways to visualize the interconnected information, such as using diagrams or visuals.

### Calendar Module Exploration:
#### Denis Lelic:
- Suggests considering a classic calendar option for a good overview, citing examples like Airbnb.
- Explores the idea of leveraging a familiar user experience from well-known platforms and incorporating it into the website.
- Suggests consulting with Piyush and exploring the possibility of using a plugin to implement a module similar to the one seen on the Adobe Max page.
- Expresses the need to determine if such a feature is feasible within their current capabilities.

#### Zach Horn:
- Inquires about the literal module, expressing willingness to look into it.
- Mentions Kubernetes as a potential reference for calendar structure.
- Inquires about the feasibility of implementing a module similar to the one observed on the Adobe Max page, questioning if it's within their scope and if it requires a plugin.

#### Tyler Wright 
- Shares insights on how Kubernetes manages calendars using Google Groups.
- Acknowledges the less-than-optimal communication in Google Groups.
- Highlights the shift to Discord as a more dynamic communication tool.
- Proposes the idea of having individual calendars for each special interest group or working group.
- Raises the need for people to easily sign up for specific meetings and suggests having a dedicated calendar for each category.
- Discusses the idea of breaking up content blocks, potentially using visuals similar to those seen on the Adobe Max page.

### Other matters discussed
- Tyler suggests the idea of posting working group meetings on YouTube to increase visibility and participation.
- Tyler mentions the potential for a better user engagement on YouTube, similar to other organizations like Adobe and Kubernetes.
- Decided to explores the possibility of creating a distinct category on YouTube to highlight working group sessions.


## Action Items
- Denis to mock up options for embedding the video tutorial.
- Denis to Notify Arthur when videos are ready for updating the current website page. 
- Tyler to collaborate with Piyush and the team to address the delay in updating information from the community repo to the website.
- Denis and Zach to consult with Piyush regarding the feasibility of implementing a module similar to the Adobe Max page on the Akash website.
- Tyler to explore the option of posting working group meetings on YouTube for increased visibility and better user engagement.
- Zach, Denis and Piyush to plan the next steps for implementing content on the homepage.
- Group to explore on how to make it easy for users to sign up for specific meetings.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. To this week's edition of the Working Group for the Akash website it's October 12th 2023. The Akash website meets on a weekly basis Akash website, working group, rather meets on a weekly basis to talk about the current Akash website as it stands today. I mean, there's also been a successful proposal from Piyush and the human HQ team where they're working on a complete revamp of the Akash website. As previously mentioned on a number of occasions Greg Started off this process by creating V1 of the Akash website where it was designed using github pages and designed to be something that can be open source and can be maintained by many members of the community.

Tyler Wright: in that vein and based upon again, what Greg started Peters and his team are working to Take the Akash website to the next level by structuring some things a little bit differently. So it's easier for folks to contribute, they're adding tailwind CSS. And again they're optimizing some of the pages that Dennis Zach and others have been looking to optimize for some time. I could see Arthur on this call and Arthur again, was one of the first contributors from the community to help with the website. So we want to shout out Arth he'll always have that title of first contributor. And again Arthur has been helping, not only with the current website but we'll continue to help with the revamped website when it's available.

Tyler Wright: I know Peers who I also want to shout out again represents the human HQ team. He is not going to be able to be here today at the meeting here at the conflict, but did put a message in the discord where again, many members of the Working group for the Akash website, discuss things between these weekly meetings. I'm going to put an update in the chats of the most recent version of the Akash Network revamped website. But without further ado, I'm gonna hand it over to Denis before hand over to Dennis. I know that there's one thing that Bold Panther It was looking for out of the last meeting, which was docs 2.0 From Luna. I've dropped that docker image in the working group AKASH website, chat, so that

Tyler Wright: Be pierced to this team have access to it and then again, we can start to implement the docs 2.0 into the revamped website. So that was an action item. That was on me coming from last week and after some challenges getting it I was able to get it to him again, have shared it in discord inside the working group AKASH website. Discord channel.

Tyler Wright: So again with that further ado, I'm going to hand it over to Denis to see if there's anything we want to talk to talk about related to the current website. Or if we want to talk about anything related to the website, read the app. So Denis, take it away.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Yeah, you're pretty much summarize everything we did. And what happened previously? and thanks for sharing the link for

Denis Lelic: Human HQ, aka Pierce and his team and to be able to check the recent updates on the website. As far as I know, they are working on the ecosystem page. which has

Denis Lelic: some maybe technical features there where users are going to be able to Filter all of the deployed projects on Akash and everything that's happening around the Akash and so on. So maybe that's why we're not seeing The weekly update on the page. They probably need some more time to do that, which is Of course, reasonable. And one thing Arthur.

Denis Lelic: Did last week is the get started, slash deploy. Your ad, where we present two products. One is cloudmose, and a previously. We had two tabs where users were able to switch between those two and now we have one page and two tiles to presentation of those two options to deploy. I'm just gonna, The link in the chat to everyone can see. What Arthur did? So, thanks. Arthur. Here, it's functional works and so on the only thing we owe you is the deployment tutorial.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Yesterday, we talked about one option, where we would embed the it's not working.

Tyler Wright: Maybe it's just me, but I just try to click on that link and I didn't work, so it could just be a meeting. That's why I didn't want to interrupt you.

Zach Horn: Link Works.

Denis Lelic: Anyone else has that issue? Okay, it works forâ€¦

Zach Horn: the link works for me.

Denis Lelic: So I don't know. Maybe try incognito.

Denis Lelic: yeah, yesterday we talked about an option where we would embed that video tutorial which is in the making at the moment we have automatic 1111 for console and we have another example for cloud nose, and we just have to figure out Away. To embed that video in these two tiles. So we're not messing up everything and making it overcrowded. So I'm just gonna mock up a couple of options and see what works best. So yeah, Arthur we owe you those videos and as soon as they're ready and they're uploaded to YouTube, I'll let you know so you can update that page.

Denis Lelic: Otherwise. Pretty much covered the progress from the last week. There's one thing I'm thinking about which is still kind of a rough concept. And I'm just going to share my screen.

Denis Lelic: Here it is.

Denis Lelic: So at the moment, it's called development. So this part here,

Denis Lelic: there's also a menu option here In the Menu section here. So when the user clicks development, it's presented with two options. One would be like network development and the other one would be like how Network development is pretty much what we have at the moment with a couple of new things in the sidebar. Where we could? Present meetings roadmap and stuff like that and the other one how it works. is just like an overview of How? Akash network actually works. And we can talk about in general information providers, tenants and there's options to add Network activity, and

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it's just a rough concept and all of the content here. Is taking out of bosses presentation, a news presentation, Greg's presentation where they talked about how the network works and what are providers, who are tenants and so on. And

Denis Lelic: a while ago, me and Bob were just talking about how great would it be to Have that on the website. So it's not just Part of some close conversations, close presentation's, but something that anyone who visits the website, I can just read through and maybe it's gonna provide some information. And to provide some clarification for users to see what's actually behind it. And Yeah. What do you guys think?

Tyler Wright: I love that idea.

Denis Lelic: The only thing, I personally didn't know where to include it because we have the community section. and if you paid attention community page, is where everything ended up like everything that community wanted or internal team wanted from the overclock kind of ended up there. So just providing some new pages would kind of free the community page where we can focus more on the projects on the meetings.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: And stuff like that. So,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think to your point, we should be moving some stuff off the community page and even if we have to have more nav headers, unless again, someone like Zach disagrees. I think that. I don't like for the user experience to be a little bit easier so that people can just one or two clicks to this kind of information as opposed to having a click into community page, and from there click into someplace else and just creates too many clicks. While I'm thinking about it and maybe this is something that I'm going to put in working group for the class website.

Tyler Wright: but on the community page, I think it was their original attention of Greg to have things from the community repo inside the Akash Network organization automatically be added to the website right now, the way that it's being written the information from the community repo, Does not come to the website in any amount of real time there's a great deal of delay. So something I want to make sure that we talk about with Piyush and Team is making sure that again as working group.

Tyler Wright: As the things get merged into the community repo for meeting notes etc. Hopefully those can get merged pretty quickly into the active website so that anybody that goes to the website and wants to learn more about Diggs and working groups can have the most up-to-date information as opposed to a dated experience. So that's something that I certainly want to work on with peace and for future meetings.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah. I agree. Zach, you have any thoughts.

Zach Horn: I think this sounds great and I think one of the biggest things we need to do right now is make it easier for people to discover our things and working groups, without promoting them directly because I think we've exhausted the direct promotion we can do. But I think there's lots of downstream opportunity for people that are coming through. our calls to action when they land on the site that they might discover those groups and want to participate. So anything we can do to closer to the top level of the website the ties point about multiple clicks I think is good. Outside of that, I do like the idea of the development page in general because One thing we can do as we start building this out and getting, our analytics all the way set up is start tracking how we're converting on this pages, which would be interesting to me, if we start trying to drive traffic to them directly in blog posts and other assets.

Zach Horn: Would you mind Denis real quick just zooming in on the development page?

Denis Lelic: So, one thing I have to mention, why we don't have dropdowns in the menu is something that Greg didn't like and he tried to avoid it. But as the website grows, we're kind of keep adding stuff here. And Sooner or later we're gonna have to think about adding a drop down or something, for example. That's why. When you click Development, You have two options one. The other option would be like development and you click down or you just hover and then you're presented with these two options. Now you have to click this page is going to load and then you see, okay, network development, how it works. So network development, Is this thing?

Denis Lelic: So we have the product strategy, community groups, current projects meetings Roadmap could actually be part of the other one. Or this one so because it's kind of overlapping. But did you had any question or something like really specific you wanted to see here?

Zach Horn: No, I'm just taking it all in. we don't have to reinstall right now but One thing that has jumping to mind when somebody lands on this page is that we make it really easy for them to understand what they're seeing. I don't have a super great suggestion for that right now, but we can definitely brainstorm on that. Maybe it's something like a visual or a diagram or something like that, just something to visualize how this stuff all interconnects and Maybe it looks like a quick start or a summary section towards the top, just something to say, Okay, if you want to, what is Akash where we headed? maybe it's just as simple as a roadmap diagram. That just gives them â€¦

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah. We have.

Zach Horn: where we are. And what's coming soon.

Denis Lelic: We had a roadmap somewhere here. This is the latest one. So we had the mainnet 6 andâ€¦

Zach Horn: 

Denis Lelic: the GPU and Multi currency support. So we are basically here. And there's another updated version of this, which pause I created for bus, but anyway,

Denis Lelic: yeah, so I agree, we could kind of visualize This thing in a better way. And you're

Denis Lelic: yeah. I'm just thinking, is it part of

Denis Lelic: This community development of the project or is it about Akash or which is basically how it works.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's a good question. So on that product strategy and execution, I think that was the page that you're just on.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: What is the? I'm just reading really quickly.

Denis Lelic: This is something that's on the current website as well.

Zach Horn: So, this is that document, that lays out the entire product strategy. Right. Okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I think this is great. I mean, it's obviously a really really build out document that gives people everything.

Zach Horn: Summaries and high level. points would be something I would look to pull out of this. Could I just

Zach Horn: It's something that maybe we can make a little bit quicker for people to consume. That would be My one immediate thing you go back to the top of that page real quick.

Denis Lelic: And there's one thing like AI ml Workloads is at the bottom, maybe we could. Talk about that sooner in the upper section.

Zach Horn: what tab is? I'm on my laptop screen so everything's a little small over on the left side. this. Document is under community groups.

Denis Lelic: One can.

Zach Horn: Right. Okay.

Denis Lelic: So I'm just gonna share a link here.

Denis Lelic: So, this is core groups and pro products that strategy, and it's pretty much the same content as on the current website.

Zach Horn: Got up, okay.

Denis Lelic: the way it's structured as you see those tabs on the left,

Denis Lelic: it's just offered right away. There's no need for one, click on the Core Community groups and then a second one for the current groups and the current projects. And so on you basically just click through Strategy Groups Projects, Without additional drop-down menu.

Zach Horn: The got it, okay?

Denis Lelic: And then, of course, we have the Community contributions and insiders and Akashi edu. which, Could be part of the, classic not Community Development page, which kind of goes into different directions, still close to each other but

Denis Lelic: I have a feeling like we could separate that just to provide a little bit more clarity and for users to consume all of this information.

Zach Horn: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.

Denis Lelic: because if we're talking, if we have a look at the community page, We have contributions so we can have I don't know, an article from George, Arthur, Robert Pierce. And so on and we can have events so we can post photos there from the recent conferences, for example. We could have.

Denis Lelic: Bounties maybe, but still Bounties could be up here.

Denis Lelic: And then we have Akash insiders, maybe a contributions board, where we list all of the recent contributors and we can pull that data from GitHub, whoever created a PR and we can just list those people here.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Of course, The upcoming events for example.

Denis Lelic: here we have cosmovers I'm sorry and we can include others as well. And of course we can provide a link for a car swag shop. This is more into. Community and community building and events and everything that's happening. And it's kind of like connecting with community and the other one would be still community but I would call it differently like development or something, because it's more focused around the projects product meetings and six working groups.

Denis Lelic: Like roadmap, what's into plan? Or which meetings are happening today this week and so on,

Zach Horn: Yeah, I'd like the vision of it. I think one of the things that Paige could do really well is This is just my theory. but that when developers come to Akash, If they're deciding where to spend their finite time and skill and all that they want a quick way to see Okay where are you guys like? What can I work on? what's the workflow? And this feels a lot like what that page would be, it's like Wait for developers just land to be like,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Okay I see where the project is today. I see what you guys are working on. They can get a quick overview of public working groups and all that. And then decided whereas the best place to jump in as we're, So if I'm thinking out loud, Developer lands on the development page. what's the top level page? They see when they hit that button in the NAV.

Denis Lelic: so, the first starting from the homepage, You have development.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: And then you're presented with two options. One would be like how it works or about Akash or something. And then we talk about these different tenants general information network activity maybe pricing and then we have Something that I still don't know how to call it, but it's

Denis Lelic: network development and everything. That's happening around the projects meetings working groups CIGS and so on, but I just don't find the right wording for it. So I know you're gonna do a better job than me here.

Zach Horn: We can definitely iterate on that. So if they click through on network development, where do they go?

Denis Lelic: Then they're presented with this product strategy,â€¦

Zach Horn: God,

Denis Lelic: community groups, current projects meetings roadmap, we could add bounties here. We could add. Governance propo Guidelines here.

Zach Horn: Okay, so okay, I see now. So The flow The UX of all this looks great. I see Greg's position on the dropdowns of the Nab. I also see your position that maybe it just be easier. If this was a drop down the nav and not have the Intermediate landing page where they have to see that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, this one.

Zach Horn: It might also be good to have it. I could see that I'm here nor there on that but

Zach Horn: So they land on the page, that drops them on product strategy. So, We have a content, not problem, but we have a content opportunity. We need more content for that page and probably a high level page that gives them an overview. Because I can imagine a developer landing on that page and

Zach Horn: maybe not wanting to dive into all of the information. So they land on something that's like an overview page that quickly is here, I'm just thinking a lot, top three initiatives. Here's what we're working on in the next couple months. If you wanted to jump in today, here's where we need developers currently.

Zach Horn: And then here's our second working group structure. And probably those things would be connected. So it's like, if you want to contribute to X, here's the working group the corresponds to that. So, here's the next meeting. Etc. Etc. So it's a quick start guide almost like, Here's what contributions. in this direction. Here are associated bounties here. The working group. That's the info. I think that a developer would need it, they land. And when I get started right away,

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: So we need something which is Get started with Akash which presents options for becoming a provider deploying or just joining a community. So here we need something to get started. With your user's contribution or community members contributions.

Zach Horn: definitely. Question for you. And we can sink offline if this is out of scope for now. But is there a way to show the calendar? On the website in a way, that's embedded without slowing things down and causing a bunch of problems.

Denis Lelic: I think we could provide a list of

Denis Lelic: of meetings. And then we could add a filter option, weekly monthly. so, we have Basically a button like a drop-down where you just switch between Show me, daily meetings, weekly meetings, monthly meetings and we basically just list them.

Denis Lelic: Maybe something in this form.

Denis Lelic: let's say this is working group.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Our website. And then we have a small intro and add to calendar.

Zach Horn: I see so it's not embedded, it's not programmatic, it would just be static content but we could still outline what they are and then have the Add to Calendar button, okay?

Tyler Wright: We could because dar is a Google calendar with all the working groups in special interest groups. We could theoretically, just embed the entire calendar into the website. I do like that. I like Denis what you're putting forth, but I do like, The Zach's point of having more visual elements site wide. But specifically here something that people to look at and be like, all right, Monday Tuesday, Wednesday and no,

Tyler Wright: And yeah and no. â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah. that was my thought,â€¦

Tyler Wright: all right, cool.

Zach Horn: is that when somebody's coming in, they just want to quickly, see what's coming up this week or next week, does that am I gonna be available all that?

Denis Lelic: That sounds good. I'm just making notes. So that's something we can discuss with peers as well. And just explore different options.

Zach Horn: Sure.

Denis Lelic: It's either providing a list.

Denis Lelic: Just having a good overview but I'm just thinking from other projects. What's out there?

Zach Horn: Yeah, I'm definitely flexible on how it gets implemented. just my initial thoughts on this. I think that the high level goal is just to make these things less opaque because I feel like they may be a little opaque right now. If you're not already first where the stuff is, and how it happens and all that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I for sure agree. We need to improve that Just to find a better form to present meetings, working groups, maybe we encourage people to join. And we'll just have to explore what's possible here.

Zach Horn: Definitely.

Denis Lelic: they have, just maybe something to think about. An example, it doesn't have to be like a Web 3 or something. I'm just thinking a classic calendar option where you can with a good overview, maybe like airbnb or something, or skyscanner or something. That's Out there that's familiar to users that has a familiar user experience and something that we could leverage maybe and just basically copy and put it here.

Zach Horn: you mean the literal module? Yeah, let me take a look. The

Zach Horn: so, if you're thinking about website flows and all that, obviously The airbnbs of the world are. Super smooth. The thing that is. So the one that always comes to mind is

Zach Horn: Not for a calendar module, but Kubernetes in general because they have a similar working structure. I wonder how they do their calendar and that's what I'm looking for it.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: They do Google groups. obviously Kubernetes is out of Google andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Do that, okay.

Tyler Wright: so when I originally started and this is something I tried to basically copy early on when we're doing this open model, they do Google Group. So each stick and working group is a Google group and so basically they're individually maintained. So when you sign up to George, go to a meeting, you're only signing up for that specific Google group, they have conversations between meetings in that Google group. I think it was less than optimal. and where I think maybe not discord specifically but I discard tool beat it is just like it allows for more constant communication where I feel like we're falling short right now is I have everything in one Google calendar. and so it's either people can download everything or nothing and so it's about thinking art does each

Tyler Wright: Special interest group or working group need its own specific calendar. So people only signing up for that and they're only getting added to a specific kind of meeting. Theoretically right now You can do that by just messaging me and be like, Hey I want to be added to only the working group for the Akash website and I can add you directly to the invite but people aren't taking advantage of that. So we got to think of That People can easily click and just have it and have one, maybe specific special interest group meeting, which I think is less likely. But at the very least have one special interest group category that they can kind of sign up for if that makes any sense.

Zach Horn: It does make sense I'm looking at Kubernetes right now. That's their community group age. It's very, very similar to our current version.

Zach Horn: I'm trying to sign up for a meeting right now just to see how they do it. Okay, so they use zoom links directly. So if you go to that page and you click one of the meetings like Thursdays at 10 am Pacific it literally just launches you right into.

Zach Horn: that's good context. I think we probably need to. Maybe find a different way to do it. The Kubernetes is obviously, but a bigger than we are. But

Zach Horn: It's good to see that they do it, as simply as that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's one thing I was actually thinking about doing was having the next meeting be at the top of the Readme file and people would just click right into Google, but because I'm only one person a Neil and others were like, We can't do that at scale, we can't do that for meeting every week.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Which I don't know if I agree with especially if I have support from folks like George Pro and others, But again we decide not to go out direction the short term.

Zach Horn: Sure yeah my high level point on scalability and all that as we may need to do things that don't scale until we reach scale but yeah I don't strongly disagree.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I like that and I think that makes sense.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think this is a good example. I saw it a while ago, but I kind of also, some of the other content that provided care, code of conduct and stuff like that, which I'm seeing, we could have. A menu option here for. Governance Proposal Guidelines And stuff like that. But because I'm a designer, of course, found another example. which is this one and I kind of like This module here. Which is upcoming. and you can present three options that are happening today, and the others could be just Sessions all sessions and you can filter them just like Kubernetes Has it there.

Denis Lelic: and we can just provide a headline, a short description, the time when it's happening, and a button to So, either Join or to add to calendar.

Zach Horn: that this looks great and, no disrespect to the fine folks of Kubernetes but this is definitely a bit better designed

Tyler Wright: I would agree with that. And again, I think I kind of said this three minutes ago. part of me for saying it again. But I do want to echo Zach's point. I did put a plus, 100 in the chat. I love the content on the current website. I do think that there's way which we can break up the content with some more visuals. I know that we want to be content heavy but I think Zach made a good point of even if it's big things up a boxes or similar to what we see on the page with Adobe Max here. I think we can do a better job of just breaking up content blocks so that it's a little bit easier to digest.

00:35:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely.

Denis Lelic: And they have a great calendar actually here.

Zach Horn: Yeah, this is very good.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I'm taking it all in right now. What? filter by day and then by the Segment of meeting, and then each meeting is on its own track with the time.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I love this and hard You can add to calendar. do by region,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: we wouldn't have that necessarily but we can do it by Kind of SIG or working group or something,

Denis Lelic: Yeah, and then you have details details for each of the either working group or six.

Zach Horn: Yeah, this is excellent and if you go back into any of the meetings into that meeting detail page. It calls out the featured products that they're going to talk about which in our world could be roadmap initiatives that are being worked on. So you could filter that way as well. this is very good.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I like this one. It's kind of easy to track for what's happening for example today. And there's filtering options.

Zach Horn: And you get localization, too. Wow, that's a little ahead of where we are, but yeah. I'm always thinking down the line like that. If we get to have meetings in different regions,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, we do need.

Zach Horn: that would be excellent.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that would be amazing. I would even say before that we do need and discord does a good job of that right now but I do think we need timing localization. Because again, we have people all over the world even right now and so when meetings get assigned they see Potentially. it's gonna be nine, am Pacific having to do that math all the time. It's kind of sucks for people. But if it just localizes for them then that would be I think ideal

Denis Lelic: yeah, even for the past meetings, for example, If you would go to the previous day you can just watch on demand and you just click and watch the recording? Yeah, we're kind of working only dreaming.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly. switching 90 links per day, I'm about it,

Zach Horn: A Denis. Could you Click View on one of those videos? I'm just curious what the actual player module looks like. So it's synthetic YouTube, okay?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I love the

Denis Lelic: Yeah, something like that.

Denis Lelic: or at least, just I don't know where it is, but if I saw it somewhere,

Denis Lelic: At least having a detailed page for the sake or for the working group. Something to explain Who's the leader of a certain group or something like that.

Tyler Wright: I are we as a tool? But I do wonder if we posted The working group meetings on YouTube if that would cause more people to know, they exist and then participate. I mean, if Adobe's doing it, I know Kubernetes is doing, or maybe the Kubernetes using zoom, but I know that other organizations are like, all right, they keep the content alive on YouTube, really going anywhere. and then it lets people know okay, I can watch these meetings without having to go to Github. And, yeah, I just think it's maybe a better experience, but

Zach Horn: The UX is definitely better. My only thought on that is For something like Adobe Max. you can see these videos they're very produced. It's not a,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I'm not opposed to putting them on YouTube. I do, We really have to think a little about how that blends in with our other content though. Because they're working groups so they're not produced, but

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah I think that's a good point Zach. I was thinking maybe making its own category again, people just know they exist because slide it down but again we're not doing it right now. I'm not saying we have to do it anytime soon but I wonder If enough people come to YouTube and be like, wait they have these working group sessions with a talking about things and I'm interested in and maybe they would watch that faster than they would watch it via the read me and go to. Are we etc?

00:40:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, I think that's definitely true.

Denis Lelic: yeah, we could try and see

Zach Horn: For sure.

Denis Lelic: the Kubernetes.

Zach Horn: so, obviously this is a very built out module lots of development and Lots of stuff happening behind the scenes for that. Adobe Max module, excuse me.

Zach Horn: What is within our scope to do something? Even close to this direction? Is this possible for us?

Denis Lelic: I mean we would have to talk to Pierce andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Would it? What do you think?

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: to see If this is, Maybe some sort of a plug-in.

Denis Lelic: That we can use. If itâ€¦

Zach Horn: 

Denis Lelic: would be great. So, just having a look here,

Denis Lelic: If it's a plugin, it's great.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, maybe we can either talk about this next week or drop it in discord and What? Piercings, that? It sounds like this is the Perfect, inspiration for us as late at least the highest level. Of what we like and maybe we can do some sort of version of this, possible.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean and what would be here then? working groups and six.

Zach Horn: Probably the categories of what they fall into is the first thing that comes to mind. So could be website,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: or network or something. Whatever.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: It's good.

Zach Horn: Yeah. Yeah, good find.

Denis Lelic: I'm gonna have a look at maybe a different conferences. And if someone is using something that we could use as well, some sort of a plug-in or maybe it's like an open source solution or I don't know. We can hope for so we'll see.

Zach Horn: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: And that's what live Here the right window.

Denis Lelic: and this would live somewhere here under network development or some whatever we're gonna call it later. And we could provide that in the overview upcoming Meeting sessions, whatever.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that makes sense. I like the development page a lot. I think we should Thank Richard, move forward with that. Definitely if you should. On board.

Denis Lelic: yeah, and then we couldn't then we have space just dedicated for community and community contributions the proper community page where we're not talking about project and project building But just more, connecting and events and kind of the More loose version of that. more relaxed and I hope I made it clear. And I lost.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I spent all of my English vocabulary. There's a limit limited characters per day and I guess I lost them all.

Zach Horn: That's funny. you're on the free plan, you get limited use it.

Denis Lelic: And I'm in a minute or so there's gonna just be a button to pop up like upgrade now.

Denis Lelic: And about Page. This is something we could play around. I just grabbed those presentation that are floating around. And something basically just to cover from a high level what Akash is and how it works.

00:45:00

Denis Lelic: yeah, I think that's something I personally wanted to discuss and to see your guys opinion on But thanks for the feedback. I wrote down some notes, and I'm gonna try and see what can we do here, especially, with this module for, and the overview page and how to Provide. More engaging content. Including the calendar and visual stuff you've mentioned. but,

Zach Horn: Sounds good. I'd be interested, as well, as to hear what that calendar module. Looks like in terms of getting on the website One thing really quickly.

Zach Horn: Piyush mentioned last week that he's in need of content for several pages. I think it was like 15. we can reach out to him directly and just see from him, but from your perspective, Denis what is the prioritization on those pages which ones are needed? Most immediately?

Denis Lelic: Last time he mentioned I made notes so just one second. homepage would be the Priority number one. and then we have

Denis Lelic: The token page. I think just one second.

Denis Lelic: And pretty much The. Rest of the pages.

Denis Lelic: Working on, for example, the Akash ecosystem page. We don't have much content here because we're just listing the projects that are currently living in the air table. And so, yeah. The first one would be the home page which you already provided some of the content. But I see you've marked it as a working progress. So some of it, it's not applied into the design yet. So whenever you have time, have a look at the homepage for example, and then we will take it from there and Find. What are the next steps?

Zach Horn: Got it, that sounds good. Hey, Welcome.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Daniel.

Tyler Wright: Then your mic is on, you're not muted but we cannot hear you if you're speaking.

Tyler Wright: sure, as to why Daniel.

Zach Horn: You may be audio issues, Daniel but feel free to type in chat if the mic isn't working.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if you can hear us this is a working group for the Akash website. Again as previously mentioned this working group meets every single week of anybody from the community or anybody that cares about Akash Network wants to join and contribute. They're more than welcome, this working group is happening in two phases. There is a current website right now, which I'm sure you've seen access or you've seen network. There are some small changes being made to that website. And then there is a team that's successfully. Got community funds to develop a revamped website, that's built in Tailwind CSS, and it's going to be optimizing gonna have some more of the pages that have been discussed by this team right here. And that's being worked on right now by Push and his team. And you can kind of see the updates here. So again during these weekly meetings, we talk about various pages that need implementation or need design development, or copy development, from folks like Denis Back and others as well as

Tyler Wright: where we are with the current revamp and making sure that again, it's optimized for folks so that when it goes live in a month or so it's a kind of user experience that everyone's looking for but Daniel we would love your contributions whether it's today or a future meetings. So feel free to jump in to discord and give any feedback, thoughts questions concerns or again, feel free to join these meetings and you're more than welcome to talk. I know you still have your hand raised. Have you been able to fix the audio issues at all? Daniel can you hear us at the very least? Can you give us a thumbs up if you can hear us?

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: That's all right. again Daniel if you or anybody else on this call or who's listening to this, when the recordings made available, once wants to feel free, to join any future meetings, that happen weekly at 6:30 am Pacific on Thursdays, or again, feel free to get involved via SIG design or the working group for the Akash website. This will throw a message in discord and then again, we can make sure that your messages are heard and added to the agenda. Or again, you can join future meetings and contribute live. I do want to shout out George who've been helping out with note taking for this working group and some others. So again, thank you George for your help there. And we'll continue to again, merge, all the work that you're doing behind the scenes again. Just reminding you to update the readings as well.

Tyler Wright: Daniel I don't want to cut you. But again we finished at 6:30 am Pacific on Thursdays every week. Yes, Daniel. And then again, addition at that time doesn't work, we can adjust that time. But again, we do have folks everywhere from the West Coast to Europe, New York Africa, so it's like India so it's like, folks all over the world and so 6:30 a.m. Pacific with the best time for everybody. I know it's like night for Denis. I think it's night Very late for folks in the end early morning for folks in America

Tyler Wright: But again, if you have any questions, thoughts, etc. Feel free to drop those in discord where, again, we stay pretty up to date. You can see messages from push as recently as today and others? And you can again look at the current website. Leave notes, you can look at the website, revamp and leave notes and again, continue to contribute. It also be great Daniel if you could throw in a little bit about yourself and there, I know that Denis myself and Zach are from the Core team and Overclock Labs. George Pro is an insider based in Africa, and I think he's going to be coming to America soon for graduate school. Shout out And then again there's a couple of other members that are software engineers and web developers base all over.

Tyler Wright: Anyone else have any Comments concerns before we wrap up this working group or cash website session?

Tyler Wright: again a much appreciate everybody's time and discussion today we have a lot of next steps. Again, we can continue to talk online. Daniel, it'll be great to have you at future meetings or just again at the very least contributing in discord we're always looking for more folks that are interested in Shadow shout out everyone here again. We'll have another meeting next week and we'll continue to work in the meantime. So please let me know if you need anything, there will be a SIG analytics monthly meeting happening at 12 pm Eastern time, 9 am Pacific. But again, shout out everybody here and let me know if you Eating place, you can reach out to me. Tyler Core team and discord if you need anything else. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day and we'll talk online for Appreciate everyone.

Zach Horn: Thanks, Kevin.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye-bye.

Zach Horn: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: All right, bye.

Meeting ended after 00:54:10 ðŸ‘‹

