# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #13
## Agenda
- Website Revamp Progress
- Calendar Integration Discussion
## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, October 19, 2023
- Time: 6:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)
## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Piyush Choudhary
- Tyler Wright
## Meeting Notes
- Tyler noted that a significant change was made to the Akash website this week: the "Go to Console" button was replaced with a "Deploy" button, leading to Cloudmos.
- Tyler explained that Cloudmos would be the preferred deployment tool going forward, and Console would no longer receive updates.
Tyler expressed gratitude to Piyush and his team for updating the website to reflect this change.
### Website Revamp Progress Updates
#### Piyush Updates:
- Mentioned the completion of work on the home page, token page, blog page, and ongoing work on the ecosystem page.
- Explained the features of the ecosystem page, including the ability to filter and search projects, and the use of markdown files for easy project additions.
- Discussed the Akash tools section and plans to add more tools based on leadership guidance.
- Showed the development page with markdown file links, content, and custom markdown functionality.
- Mentioned plans for the community page, similar to the development page.
- Shared the timeline for completing all the pages within the next 10 days.
- He mentioned the implementation of an archive feature, allowing blocks to be archived rather than deleted, making it accessible in the archives section.
- Discussed challenges related to the docs page due to source code issues, indicating they would explore implementing existing source code or creating a custom doc page.
- Piyush inquired about implementing real-time data on the token page.
#### Tyler Wright
- Mentioned challenges with providing access to the docs repo due to a team member being unavailable.
- Tyler stated that he would share the repo in the chat and ensure Piyush has access to it as soon as possible.
- Tyler inquired about real-time updates for the community page, potentially using GitHub actions to ensure the page reflects updated notes promptly.
- Piyush emphasized the separation of technical code and content, making it easier for content updates.
- Tyler explained that he had been seeking internal input on the preferred source for real-time data and API endpoints.
- He acknowledged not having received a firm answer yet and indicated that they could continue with the current setup until a decision is made.
#### Denis Lelic
- Denis mentioned that he appreciates the instant updates with markdown files, ensuring the website is up to date.
- Denis mentioned that they previously used Coingecko or CoinMarketCap APIs for real-time data, suggesting that they stick to the same one for consistency.
- Shared action items from Piyush in the chat.
- Mentioned plans to look into graphics and update the Figma file..
- Mentioned the need for some UI tweaks later.
- Denis indicated that some FAQs had been updated on the token page, with more in progress, and he would insert them into the figma file when they are ready.
### Calendar Integration Discussion
- Denis brought up the idea discussed in the previous session about adding a calendar.
- He suggested creating a separate page where users could easily see upcoming meetings.
- Denis mentioned that they were considering embedding a proper calendar, possibly Google Calendar.
- Piyush confirmed that it is possible to embed a calendar and asked Denis to share details about the specific calendar they were using.
- Denis expressed willingness to use a default calendar if it's easier, but Piyush assured that the integration would be straightforward.
- Tyler Mentioned customization and embedding options available, and offered to help if needed.
### Other matters Discussed
- Tyler expressed his readiness to make time for Piyush to provide an update during the steering committee meeting and informed Piyush of the meeting's date and time.
- Piyush confirmed his availability for the steering committee meeting and that he would be around for it.
- Piyush raised a question about whether to keep Cloudmos on the deploy page and remove the Akash Console.
- Tyler and Denis agreed to remove the Akash Console and maintain Cloudmos as the primary option.
## Action items
- Piyush to research and integrate a calendar onto the website for tracking meetings and events.
- Tyler will provide Piyush access to the specific repository for handling the docs page.
- Denis to add FAQs to the website and update the figma file when ready.
- Denis will consider the possibility of implementing a one-page product overview.
- Piyush and Denis to schedule a private meeting to discuss progress, design recommendations, and alignment of directions.
- Piyush to prepare for the upcoming steering committee meeting
## Transcript
wg-akash-website Working Session (2023-10-19 06:35 GMT-7) - Transcript
Attendees
Denis Lelic, Emmanuel Arthur, Piyush Choudhary, Piyush Choudhary's Presentation, Tyler Wright, Tyler Wright's Presentation
Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. To this week's edition of the working group for the Akash website. It is October. 19th 2023. During these working group sessions, the group talks about the current website to network, as well as the website revamp, that huge and the human HQ team. I'll put a proposal on and successfully received community pool funding for revamped website. Piyush and his team are. about something days into the process and have been giving weekly updates to folks in the community have been sharing links for people to view the website, So much appreciate piyush and the team, I get During these sessions, the group talks about figma designs for new web pages content, transferring modules, from the old website, To the new.
Tyler Wright: And As it returns to the Akash Network website. Arm want to shout out piyush? There was a change that was made to the Akash website this week.
Tyler Wright: Prior to yesterday, there was a Go to Console button. That button has been changed. And as a Deploy, button on the front page of the website, As you can see here, that button now takes you to cloud most, I think there's been announcements and I've been made in several channels. Talking about Cloud. Most is going to be the Preferred Deployment tool console which was a product of Overclock labs for some time. is going to not be updated. It's still an open source tool so anybody can make a adjustments can fork it are they but again because cloudmosis now under overclock and now open source cloud most which has been used by many people in the community is going to be the preferred deployment tool and so again, the website has been updated to reflect that so thank you very much to piyush.
Tyler Wright: And his team. In addition to that I know that piyusha gives us an update on all things related to again, the revamped work that they're doing and I know Denis also who leads these calls has maybe a couple of agenda items. So maybe I'll hand it over to Piyush, to give us an updates on the work that they've been doing over the last week and then I can hand it over from there to Dennis, for any outstanding items that haven't been discussed. The Psu, want to give us an update on all the work that you've been doing.
Piyush Choudhary: So Good Morning Everyone. So I'm Piyush. Everything networking website which has also been funded by the Community pool of Akash and we are very grateful for this opportunity and continuously giving the dates or weekly updates regarding the Current development of how it's going and how we upload this. So today I have you things that I will be giving updates on new pages, as well as there. Are you two directions or you ask from the leaders about the content and needs to be updated on the official pages of this website,
Piyush Choudhary: So till now we have worked on the home page in the last week, I was not presentation's, but I did pasted the dates in the discord group. So today till then be completed on to the home page, then the token Page block page, and we were also working on the ecosystem page. So today's new updates are the ecosystem page has been completed under person, and we have also imported the schools into this website. So as you can see, if I go to deployed on Akash, We got all the projects that are currently illustrated on the ecosyst Akash Dot network with the designing directions from Dennis. We also have a search so if I search let's say search at cluster.
Piyush Choudhary: And gives us that let's talk and it takes us to the website of that last time. So we also have the search icon as well as filtering functionalities as well. And also, the exciting thing about this is this all is coming from the mouth down so it will be easier to push the To the applied, the new projects, the content writer bloggers or any project who wants to add their project to this page. We'll just have to write a markdown file and push it to the repository that we will soon. Make it public and open source.
00:05:00
Piyush Choudhary: We also have got the filtering functionalities on the right hand side. So if we click on the projects that are tagged as gaming, in their magnum file will appear like this, filtering functionality. So this is the date about the ecosystem page and we have the cost tools where we have listed the cloud most and better and we will list more tools. As the direction of the leaders of this group.
Piyush Choudhary: And secondly, there is a new updates on the development page, so this is how the development page is looking on. The left hand side, we have the mount on files links. And in the middle, we have the content of the Markdown file. That is basically coming from the Markdown file, and anyone can update it. and on the right hand side is basically the headings or you can see the links of this content. See if I play content, it is also down to the content.
Piyush Choudhary: Section of this file, we click on Comment, subheading, It's causes down to the dummy cell. So it's kind of is a tool to school and we also have got the change buttons etc, as the lanes and all. And also, we have also implemented the custom all down parts of functionality. So, if you go across the current website, that live on official domain or cost of network, will not have a functionality of Explain something like this.
Piyush Choudhary: From the markdown but we have implemented, the custom code that can do that. So we just something mention a little bit of additional things, while writing the markdown file, and it will be displayed like this as you can see. So this is what right now, there are only two magnolia that have been added, and the content that you are seeing on this case, also a dummy content or it's not a fine nice content. We will update the content for all these files. Once we will Or The finalized content on this Sigma file by Denis and Jam. And then we will continue working on the community page which is also kind of similar to the development page. We mostly have resist copy paste, the code and update the content as for the direction of the signal file. So, Yeah, this is what the dates are. So
Piyush Choudhary: in short, we have done the home page get started page and ecosystem token page, blog, page and development page. And once the contents are being finalized and we will just work on the community page and we will have this up. I think, within the next 10 days and for the docs we have to figure out how to handle this because we haven't received the source called yet, and we are not sure if we should use the existing source code made by the other team that has been handled previously in the past months. So once we receive the source code, we will look into ways on how to implement the docs. if we find it visible to implement the existing source code that has already been done by the team, we will implement that, it's not. Then we will create a custom
Piyush Choudhary: We will create lock switch from scratch again and this might need some additional efforts. So We will plan things for this dog's page accordingly for now, I think everything is doing very great and there are no major issues that we are the same. And I think within next, 10 to 14 days, we will have a website ready to be life on the official domain. Thank you.
Tyler Wright: Thank you piyush. in terms of the docs, I know that's on me. One of the things I'm having trouble is one of our team members, that would be able to get you access to that specific repo has been out, so that will be back today and then I should be able to get you access that repo again. I shared the repo in the chapter. I believe it's private andâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: We get.
Tyler Wright: for you, so you can see it. I know why it's private because In the Akash network, organizations will be public. But again, I will get that to you as soon as I possibly can, probably apologize for that. Real quick on the community page and this might involve you having to get access to the community repo. Are you going to be able to drop in the
Tyler Wright: kind of like github action so that when notes get updated, it's updating the website and kind of real time because I think what's been happening in the past and this no notes will get updated but the page hasn't been built in a long time so the notes are very much out of date,â€¦
00:10:00
Piyush Choudhary: so basically,â€¦
Tyler Wright: so just
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so basically all the content stereos seeing on the screen is coming from the markdown file. So, whatever the date is being made to the markdown 5 will be a bit here on I don't think whatever we are. Structuring is very efficient, and transparent whatever the content even on the homepage. These titles that you are saying, the get started titles, etc are coming from the markdown file. So, whatever is updated on the knockdown file that's created on content speed. So, everything will be so transparent and easier to use even called Jack who You can just update few contexts in the files and it will be updated on the content website, the backend, or you can say that
Piyush Choudhary: The complex part of tech is being well maintained, so the code in a separate folders and for the content, the content folder is Update which don't have any technicals, or you can see the codes, you just have the content that needs to be updated any of the pages or the content files.
Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions for piyush again? If anybody is watching this recording later, please feel free to drop any comments or feedback in the working group of cosh website, discord channel. But Denis, do you have any comments concerns? at this time that you want to address,
Denis Lelic: No, not. At this time. I was just looking through the update. Yeah, I do like this. instant update with the markdown file and so we're kind of up to date on the website and I'm just going to share. So if anyone is going to watch the recording, Some action items from Piyush. He sent us today,
Denis Lelic: I've posted them here In the Chat section. Yeah, as we talked previously, I'm gonna make sure I do my part. I'm gonna have a look at the Graphics stuff like that and I'll update the figma file.
Denis Lelic: Yeah, but I like the progress you're making and there's still some UI tweaks. I would recommend later on but far so good.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, we are open to the conditions and we will a great course as for your recommendations about
Denis Lelic: Cool.
Denis Lelic: one thing we discussed in the previous session was, and we were just questioning if there's a possibility to add a calendar and for example, in the development page, we would add extra page For overview,â€¦
Tyler Wright: 
Denis Lelic: where users could see What kind of meanings are happening today and in the upcoming to days, the thing that it's possible to somehow embed
Piyush Choudhary: Something like this, right?
Denis Lelic: Actually a proper calendar. if you Google Google calendar,
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. Okay. You mean Google calendars, something. So you want to integrate the Google go into, right?
Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's a calendar. I think Tyler is managing it where all of the meetings and everything that's happening, are in there. And we were just wondering if it's possible to Embed, that calendar here in one of these pages.
Piyush Choudhary: Yes, it's possible. You can just share me what calendar you are using and this is embed that this
Denis Lelic: I googled and researched a little bit, and I found this one styled calendar where you can basically drop your I've added Link here in the Chat section,â€¦
Piyush Choudhary: When you?
Denis Lelic: you can actually design your own calendar and I think you just have to connect it with Google Calendar and it becomes kind of like a customizable custom thing. but if it's too much effort, we could just go for the default thing from
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, yeah, no worries. I will just research this calendar. it's going to be very straightforward, so I will see if we can integrated
00:15:00
Denis Lelic: Cool, Cool.
Piyush Choudhary: Right now, what calendar are you guys using for the official ones? Okay.
Tyler Wright: I just sent you a link H to your email that my connects you to the Google calendar. And then again, obviously there's customizing options and betting options there. So if you have questions about accessing those let me know but it's called the Akash Community Group calendar.
Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, we will need to get that calendar into this file, just Give me a little directions on how you want it to be done. Should I create a calendar headline? Product Strategy and for example, There are Want to see five lines. So, I can just create another calendar pipeline and then just under here.
Tyler Wright: Yes.
Denis Lelic: I think Zach's idea was to add an overview page. It would be like the first oneâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Really.
Denis Lelic: where we would. Talk in general about the meetings and projects, and we would just add the calendar right away there. So if anyone is interested,â€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Also. Just so at the top,â€¦
Denis Lelic: they're gonna see it right away. They don't have to dig deeper
Piyush Choudhary: we could have only real page and in that we could just start, content to knock down price, including calendar.
Denis Lelic: Yep.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, We'll update that it's not a big deal. So Yes. And also for the token page, it's possible to implement the real-time data in here. So I just want the API endpoints which the sources. So should I use COIN vehicle API or something?
Denis Lelic: Yeah, previously we had coin geckos so either that or the coin market cap. But we would,â€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Okay.
Denis Lelic: I don't know. I would just suggest we stick to the same one. So everyone is understanding
Tyler Wright: Yeah, this is something that I've been asking this internally to a couple of people that fin apps department and haven't gotten the firm answer back yet which is why I haven't give you an answer. I think, as Dennis has mentioned that we can leave it like it is for right now. Then as soon as I can answer, a firm answer and what we want to do well what we want to preferred source to be, then I'll make sure you have everything you need API keys, but this is something I've actively been asking and have not done again a confirmation. Yeah.
Piyush Choudhary: And also i forward to mentioned we also need the FAQ or data. I will just mention it in the
Denis Lelic: I think there were just updated there in the token page the FAQs, but there are a bunch of them, still in the making, so one when they're ready, I'll just insert them in the figma file.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, sure.
Denis Lelic: Let you know.
Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I think things are progressing very well, if we get the plates and the contents that we are asking sooner, we will have the radical website within 10 to 14 days, to live, on the official on it.
Tyler Wright: Excellent. Allâ€¦
Denis Lelic: Sounds good.
Tyler Wright: I'll make some time for you to give an update during steering committeeâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: And I,
Tyler Wright: If you're around it might be too late for you.
Piyush Choudhary: So when is the steering committing company?
Tyler Wright: it's happening Thursday which probably your next Friday because it's next Thursday at I think 1 pm Pacific.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, So yeah, I'll be there this time I think I will be available on just take with nothing is important concept.
Tyler Wright: Okay.
Piyush Choudhary: and also what is the general feedback about the user experience of this website and how this is progressing of both of you and also I was
Piyush Choudhary: I think.
Denis Lelic: for me, It's fast. I know that's something Greg was always interested in keeping it fast.
Denis Lelic: With this functionality of MD's just updating and making it easy to use for any one. Basically, they don't have to be technical. Maybe we just add a small paragraph somewhere. How to make that update on the website andâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Yes.
Denis Lelic: it's going to be super easy for everyone.
00:20:00
Tyler Wright: Yeah, I mean the feedback that I've got from other folks is the same thing. It's fast, it looks clean. So again, when you share this updates, I try to share them to appropriate people to internal team. So there's much appreciate all the efforts and all the work from you and your team.
Piyush Choudhary: And also I have a questions as we are focusing initially on the cloud nose. So, we have a deploy page as we all know, Should we just keep the cloud most here andâ€¦
Tyler Wright: Yes.
Piyush Choudhary: remove the GARCH console, which should be keyboard orâ€¦
Tyler Wright: Yes. I think we should.
Piyush Choudhary: sponsor lenses?
Tyler Wright: Remove console.
Piyush Choudhary: Of course.
Denis Lelic: yeah, then we have Where we had a dedicated page for one product.
Piyush Choudhary: You, I think.
Denis Lelic: That we might. Bring back.
Tyler Wright: Go Back from the dead,â€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. Yeah.
Denis Lelic: No. Yeah,â€¦
Tyler Wright: ?
Denis Lelic: I know I see you're looking at it. So we would just kick out this one and we would have one photo and a couple of points there. about the product and that's it. I know we just updated it, but then we heard the news.
Denis Lelic: And now we're back to the one page.
Tyler Wright: Gee.
Piyush Choudhary: Yes, So I think this is, I think already ready. So we just implement this and remove this current design from here. Also,
Denis Lelic: cool. if you want to talk to us or me, earlier next week, if you have anything to discuss unavailable,
Denis Lelic: Even in your let'sâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: He?
Denis Lelic: I don't know. 12 am for you or 11, 10. I'm not really sure what are time differences but Yeah, I'm here. If you need anything and Happy to help.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah I think we should schedule a private mate before next Thursday to discuss on how we are progressing. And also the design recommendations you might have on the current design so we can align Ourselfs in the directions or the passionate
Denis Lelic: Sounds good.
Piyush Choudhary: And also this content is also coming from the markdown file. What we just have to do is we just have to update the image of Let's say the author, the username that we want to display and the content we just want to display in the meltdown file and it just display or adds the new card here. So any number of cards can be added here. We just have to update a three. Three things, the image, the name, and the content in the markdown file.
Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's cool. That's cool.
Piyush Choudhary: And also I forgot to mention we also implemented the archive feature. So what happens is if we don't want this log will be deleted. And also we don't want this block to be land anywhere else In other pages. We just can say archive through in the markdown file and it will get shown to the All Type section and this archives sections blocks Anywhere else will not be ranked anyway else on the website and we'll just stay in their private sections and we'll only be accessed through Archives section.
Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's cool.
Piyush Choudhary: So that's all I think.
Denis Lelic: I think there's plenty of content there, that could be like, Someone should have a look at it, but you know what's relevant or not, but it's good to have that functionality. Thanks.
Piyush Choudhary: If in some notifications, if we want to relate the blogs we can delete, but in some cases, we don't want them to rank. And also, we don't want them to delete. We can just archive those blocks and in future. If someone wants to access that blocks can just go to the archives section and we'll be able to access all kind of
Denis Lelic: Hi, you're having anything else.
Tyler Wright: No, this has been very good, very informative, much appreciated.
Denis Lelic: Okay So I guess we know We have a bunch of action items. for the next week. and tomorrow, basically and it's time to get back to work. I've been working on a couple of different things, but
00:25:00
Denis Lelic: Thank you for being patient. And I know I haven't updated the figma file. For the last couple of weeks, but yeah, I'll get together with Zach and make sure we have the latest content. There in Figma and
Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'll tag you in figma when any content is ready and You guys can implement it.
Piyush Choudhary: So yeah I think by next week we will have mostly all the pieces ready.
Denis Lelic: Cool.
Piyush Choudhary: We will be waiting for the content so we can also take the content. So I think the only piece that will be remaining by next week is docs. So we have to look how we should plan for the dogs when we see the source code and for the pages, I think it will be mostly completed as far as and for our current schedule,
Denis Lelic: Sounds good.
Piyush Choudhary: so, Yeah, that's all. So. Can I stop using my screen?
Denis Lelic: Thank you for your time, thanks for the updates.
Tyler Wright: Yes.
Denis Lelic: Thank you, Ty as well for the intro and retrospective, I'm not sure if it's called that way, but anyway,
Denis Lelic: we'll talk in discord for Otherwise. In next week, Thursday.
Tyler Wright: Yeah. Piyush Pierce just a reminder,â€¦
Piyush Choudhary: it
Tyler Wright: much appreciate I know that you are working a number of things. that I'm thinking about if it can come to steering committee because you can not only talk about the website revamp, but you could talk about the potential work that you are going to be doing alongside Cloud most. So that would be great to have Arthur's here.
Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, So I will also update submit the proposal by tomorrow as for A guidance. I got from an index of
Tyler Wright: Okay, Hey, Arthur. We were just actually about to wrap up, we went through the agenda. We added action items inside of the discord, working group Akash, website and again, the notes will be updated very soon. I believe that there were specific feedback.
Tyler Wright: For you. Piyush, right? But that Arthur, had to update some stuff.
Tyler Wright: Or am I just reading That Arthur have to update some links.
Piyush Choudhary: So, we just updated the Home Page button as you can see in the Hero section. So, in Video Section, Right, previously was going to console and right now it's tipped right now that is taking the users to the cloud nose. And it was officially announced by the pastrami yesterday that from Non-warts are the whole airport. So they put into developing and enhancing the cloud, most employment, and the development of concert will be stopped development and support of console board will be stopped completely from non-words, but it will be applicable to be used by those numbers, but the support and development of the stock from now onwards,
Tyler Wright: Absolutely. are you saying that? Do you think? And this is a question for everybody here? Do we need to update? If I can share my screen. Do we need to actively update this page right now that points to both? Or do we want to leave it? Because Piyush is gonna have the revamp website and that's week and a half two weeks.
Piyush Choudhary: I think we can keep it as it is right now because it's not a big deal and we will soon have a new website ready. So I think it's not a big deal to keep it like this is not
Tyler Wright: I would agree with that. Denis, you have any issue with that?
Denis Lelic: No, no sounds good to me.
Tyler Wright: Okay, Is there anything that you want to talk about? While we're all alive. I know that you do a good job. Arthur of chatting and discourse, anything that you want to talk about live while we're here.
Emmanuel Arthur: no, really, no really
Piyush Choudhary: and I also Arthurâ€¦
Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent.
Piyush Choudhary: if you have any feedbacks for the new website and shared In the group artists thought anywhere else.
00:30:00
Emmanuel Arthur: 
Emmanuel Arthur: 
Tyler Wright: All right, again there's nothing else and we'll meet up next week and we'll continue to work together between meetings. I know there's gonna be some sessions that are going to be set up for folks, to talk about design. Zach will be back in office early next week and again, I know it's a priority for me to get the docs work handed over to Piyush and this team as soon as possible. So I'll be working on that today.
Denis Lelic: Thank you.
Tyler Wright: Thankâ€¦
Piyush Choudhary: Thank you.
Denis Lelic: Thank you guys.
Tyler Wright: Everybody has a great day. We'll talk online.
Denis Lelic: Thank you.
Piyush Choudhary: Or by take care.
Meeting ended after 00:31:02 ðŸ‘‹

