# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #15


## Agenda
- Website Revamp Progress
- Discussion on Website Revamp:
  - Docs Integration
  - Get Started Page
  - Community repository integrating workflow


## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, November 02, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Piyush Choudhary
- Tyler Wright
- Piyush Choudhary


## Meeting Notes

### Website Revamp Progress

##### Denis Lelic
- Mentioned a discussion on cosmetic changes and UI polishing.
- Focused on using the latest Tailwind components to avoid previous issues.
- Denis had a question about the impact on build time when hosting the website on Akash Network.
- Denis requested Piyush for a short update on the progress made on the website.

##### Piyush Choudhary
- Piyush dropped the link in the chat for everyone to see the live website.
- Significant progress reported on almost all pages except for docs.
- Docs page to start after receiving approval from the group.
- Minor design changes to be made based on Denis's directions.
- Real-time APIs are being implemented for the open metrics, and other real-time data updates every 10 seconds.
- Piyush explained that the build time would likely remain the same when hosting on Akash Network.
- Raised concerns about the feasibility due to the need for frequent updates to the Docker file and SDL file on Akash Cloudmos.
- Provider page also being worked on, with two audited providers already on the live website.

### Docs Integration

##### Denis Lelic
- Mentioned a discussion on the integration of the docs page.
- Noted the transition from Hugo to Astro, with Piyush and his team taking responsibility.
- Aimed for a longer-lasting and better user experience.
- Emphasized the importance of gathering crucial touchpoints in one website.

##### Tyler Wright 
- Tyler expressed the importance of considering the structure and frontend elements, particularly the sidebar, in the migration process.
- Emphasized the need to reference the existing structure and mentioned Greg's preference for it.

##### Piyush Choudhary
- Piyush suggested asking Luna's team to deploy the structure to make it visible for reference.
- Mentioned ongoing work on the official website and proposed collaborating with Luna's team on the migration.

### Community Repo Integrating Workflow
- Piyush explained that the displayed content, including meeting notes, is generated from Markdown files.
- New notes can be added or updated in real time by modifying the relevant Markdown files.
- Clarification sought by Tyler about the process of updating notes.
- Piyush clarified that updating the Markdown files is done within the website repository.
- Tyler inquired if updates also pull from the community group repository.
- Piyush confirmed that updates are specific to the website repository and offered to discuss the details after the meeting.

### Inquiry about Pricing Page Design
- Zach praised the inclusion of tools for budgeting and expressed their significance for marketing purposes.
- Zach inquired about the design of the pricing page for hosting on the website, expressing the need to share it more broadly during external communications.
- Zach inquired about the real-time nature of the data and how it is queried.
- Denis shared a Figma drawing of the pricing page, explaining the two stages for calculating prices, including GPU options and a comparison to other cloud providers.
- Piyush explained that the Pricing data is real-time and dependent on Cloudmos APIs.
- Piyush mentioned an issue with the GPU part, as it's not implemented in Cloudmos's price calculator.
- Denis acknowledged the concern and explained the two options, one with GPU included when possible and one without for now.

### Launch Strategy and Walkthrough Video 
- Zach suggested recording a video tour of the website upon launch, showcasing its various features.
- Zach inquired about the timeline for the website launch.
- Piyush provided an update on the timeline, stating that the functionality part would be completed within a week or two, with final design adjustments to follow.
- Mentioned potential blockers related to content but expressed confidence in a three to four-week timeline.
- Denis emphasized taking the time to ensure everything is working and looking as intended before the launch.
- Tyler suggested considering testing strategies and planning for a walkthrough video to highlight the website's features.

### Other Matters Discussed
- Tyler brought up Anil's suggestion to use a visual roadmap and inquired about embedding GitHub project boards.
- Shared the link to the GitHub project boards in the chat.
- Piyush expressed the need to check the GitHub API to determine if embedding project boards is possible.
- Tyler reiterated Anil's preference to sunset the old project list in favor of the new one he shared in the chat.
- Piyush confirmed willingness to explore embedding the GitHub project boards on the new website.

#### Twitter Image Previews
- Denis raised a question regarding Twitter image previews, expressing the need for multiple images based on the content shared.
- Piyush acknowledged the need to explore Twitter's handling of links and image previews to determine if multiple images are possible.
- Zach suggested using graphics as social images for blog posts, incorporating some version of the headline in the graphic, and establishing a universal standard for post graphics.
- Proposed adding a label or badge to the graphics to quickly convey that it's a blog post.
- Denis agreed with the suggestions and expressed a willingness to explore the implementation.


## Action Items
- Group to discuss testing and launch plan for the new website in the next meeting.
- Tyler to collaborate with Piyush to understand and clarify the update process, especially regarding the community group repository.
- Piyush to collaborate with Luna's team on the docs migration process.
- Piyush to investigate the GitHub API to determine if embedding project boards is feasible.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody. Welcome to today's working group meeting for Akash website. We meet every week on Thursdays where we discuss. everything website related from content design and for the last couple of weeks. We've been working on website revamp. We got designs ready and we're discussing.

Denis Lelic: Weekly updates with piyush and his team. They got a proposal. I think one and a half months ago. At least what's appears told us yesterday on the Syrian Community where he presented?

Denis Lelic: Couple of pages and the progress there. They're making on the website.

Denis Lelic: But for today's agenda, I'm not really sure where the start since piyush is not here to check on the update if anyone has that link of his I think it's been the same all the time. Please drop it And the chat section here.

Denis Lelic: One thing we would like to discuss is the docs page integration where we had previously had a different team Luna and quo search starch. team Health transitioning dogs to who go and now since we're switching from Hugo to astral build piyush and his team are going to take care of another transition and hopefully it's going to be one that's gonna last longer. We're hoping for a better experience. and basically to have all of those crucial touch points gathered in one website. So I've good cohesive experience

Denis Lelic: starting from docs ecosystem page, which is currently not part of the website and it's hosted somewhere else.

Denis Lelic: yeah. That's about it a short retrospective and the current. Things we're working on me and piyush talk yesterday on. a couple of cosmetic things just polishing UI making sure we're sticking with Tailwind components

Denis Lelic: me personally, I'm gonna try to make sure we're using the latest components. From the Tailwind Library we had some issues Console as everyone knows so I don't want to repeat that mistake, and I'm just going to keep an eye on those things, so they're implemented properly.

Denis Lelic: Hey piyush.

Denis Lelic: Hey piyush. We are already starting a meeting. But you didn't miss much just a short introductionâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: if you would like to present. I know we talked yesterday during steering committee, but Maybe just a short update on the progress you've made on the website. Could you please drop that link of yours in the chat section?

Piyush Choudhary: yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I dropped in the link in the chat to see it live. So we have made a significant progress on almost all the pages except dogs. So we will be starting the dogs after getting a green signal. So I think they were certain discussions my own so I will chat. But that is to find those things on our dogs and then we will start. The dog space as well most mostly rest all the things are mostly done only they'll be some minor changes to the design as per the directions defined by Denis and we'll be looking for those. so the progress is good. And also we are implementing the real time apis. So it was still the real. Nuclear motor for the page. You see the open metrics. These are all real time.

00:05:00

Piyush Choudhary: the data is being updated every 10 seconds that is best from the one you have and then we'll be implementing rising and network activity page. So it's real time data, of course, so we see the darkness and then we also have a provider page and Akash system, which will also have that to audited providers today. It's on the live website. So yeah, that's a

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. I know you had some blockers from last week and week before that regarding content.

Piyush Choudhary: he

Denis Lelic: Is there anything that's not clear enough? Or blocking your progress.

Piyush Choudhary: so we have implemented most of the condom you proceed. I want to development page. We saw that in the file and they get the welcome and Community groups always bring a spine but I need updated content on for these three pages sages wgs and ugs and I saw that There might be some work groups as well. Let's say there are total 500 overview. So

Piyush Choudhary: yesterday I was seeing that an answer was presenting a momentum file related to sigs or dedicated sizes as well. So I think it would be good if we can create some MD files for a particular side you update or let's say there is a signal light X, So again, it's going to belongs to the Sig so we will have the meeting links and all Etc. Then what we can do is we can have the sub section. So all dedicated sigs. Let's say seeing light it's so we have second this. Then we have seen documentations lines. I mean those amplifiers we can have the latest update and latest Etc and the leadership and the team who is working there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Tyler go ahead

Tyler Wright: No, this looks beautiful. The only question I was going to ask is as new notes get added and updated will this update in real time?

Piyush Choudhary: If so, basically what you are seeing here, let's take this. This is the meeting link, So this is nothing but md5. So if the new not needs to be added you just have to add you lines to them before and it will be updated in real time under website. so Basically as long as the markdown files are getting changed in the record,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Does it pull dark do I have to update? go ahead. Sorry.

Piyush Choudhary: everything will be updated in here then on the website.

Tyler Wright: Okay, and just for simple clarification sake when you talk about updating the MD files you're talking about in the community group repo or do we have to do something inside the website repo? Okay.

Piyush Choudhary: website River So it's all a part of a website that you are soon.

Tyler Wright: Okay, previously. I think that the website was pulling in data that happens in the community group Repro because again, I update all the notes of community group repo. I would have to figure out with you offline how You imagine Is it updating notes in two areas? That is the goal or how do you see it? Yeah, that's Emmy andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: If Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: we have to talk about this right now if you don't want.

Piyush Choudhary: so basically What's Happening Here is let's say I'm on the development base, So there is a development folder inside the content if I go here.

Piyush Choudhary: So these folders are nothing but this folder contains all the containing log down files. So even if you are seeing let's say the home page. So whatever you are seeing on the homepage the text and everything is coming from the Northbound 5, so you don't need to be equivalent to change the wings. So you just have to come to this model file and just add it the links or text whatever you want to let's talk about the development page. So this is what the development page is. Let me go to the point of the game. So I'm on the development is right. So this is the development page. So basically What's Happening Here is we have

Piyush Choudhary: we have five sections as you can see welcome current projects for website and boundaries and similarly. We have all these things like welcome strategies current projects Community groups boundaries. So let's say I want to make a change to the Sig so it's nothing but among down file from which the data is coming. So I like which so I go to Community groups and I have the special interest groups as AGS and I just have to change the model as you can see. I just have to add if I let's see I want to add something.

00:10:00

Piyush Choudhary: So meeting turning, right?

Piyush Choudhary: if you see there are two datas, So each data we have the meeting then we have the information where we are adding the links and all right. So I just push it I've added one more thing. So it's in the markdown in form of content. you see So here it's visible. It will take two minutes to build so birds in progress previously. It wasn't the case. So basically what used to happen is it used to take around 20 to 35 minutes to actually build the file and here it is going to take only maximum one or two minutes to complete the will and the changes will be visible here. So you just have to make the changes in the markdown quality form of a Content. There is no technically involved by doing this.

Tyler Wright: Okay, I think.

Piyush Choudhary: and also we will also create a proper blog defining if someone let's say Jack wants to update so for example, we have a Proper guidelines like how to display this kind of box so we have written a custom thing. So you just have to add a single word box in the markdown file. So it will appear automatically here. So we will have a proper blog on how to update them out on file if something custom is needed what commands to use by updating them all done. So Yes, we can.

Zach Horn: Hey piyush. Just want to say this is awesome.

Piyush Choudhary: Yes.

Zach Horn: I've been working with flat file CMS for a really long time. So this is great to see I mean and especially when we were dealing with PR based updates, over the past year or so, and we're dealing with that 30 to 40 minute build time. It's really tough to do that. So to hear that, it's what you say two minutes.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically I posted it's already live so it took around 1 minute 5 seconds. So you see the third.

Zach Horn: amazing

Piyush Choudhary: Second is visible.

Zach Horn: Fantastic, that's gonna make our lives much much easier a quick question for you. So on this page, I understandâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: please

Zach Horn: what you're saying about, just going into the markdown file and making changes. I think there may be some copy updates that need to be made here that could Theoretically change the formatting of the page if you scroll up a little bit. Where you are? Yep to that light red call to action. I'm thinking that we could use maybe a different headline and some body copy in there. so I could go in and just change the markdown file to add that but I'm wondering if that's gonna Push that div around in a way that changes the structure of the page, if it's a significant amount of copy, what do you think about that? Do you want me to go in and make those changes now so you can have a look at it and restyle before this goes live or do you just want to keep going with development? Maybe we Circle back on this later.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically as you can see the box that you are seeing here, so we're implemented with custom functionalities for it. and if we go to the markdown for

Piyush Choudhary: Let me check. So if we go to the mount on file as you can see, this is the blog posts right so that you use to put basically text So basically what we have done here is if you see on the technical side. We're implementing the custom. Code but as a Content creative, you don't have to worry about that. You just have to write call to action banner and the banners this will appear automatically. So even if on the other Pages such Banner is required with this increase in between and the hiding so it is not possible through basic markdown passes, which we have just only the whole life easier and also if I can find

00:15:00

Piyush Choudhary: This is a simple post as you can see. So this is how the code will look we have the copy sections. And also when it comes to the blog posts, we have multiple options. I don't know.

Piyush Choudhary: this is the block So you just have to write similar to what is written here all to action Banner. We have the guideline on how to make it So. There will be different text even if you don't write it will be simpler one. But if you want to keep it like this, there are other options. I will properly create a block for this how to use such custom functionalities and it considering on the markdown, but even if you use the Current structure of yours, like whatever structure, it will be passed perfectly as in the front end as in different industry.

Zach Horn: Yeah, this looks fantastic.

Piyush Choudhary: and also Yeah.

Zach Horn: To interrupt you Could you scroll back down to the code blocks at any of them? So these are

Zach Horn: Okay, so you can copy and paste those full sections. that's fantastic. Can you do tabs at the top? just like

Piyush Choudhary: Richard yeah this one. Yeah, we just have to write in the code would be.

Zach Horn: Yeah, This is fantastic. I mean we've hit this for a really really long time especially the inline formatting that you've done, where you can see the highlighted text in line. That's really really great.

Piyush Choudhary: What? I like to see this is the yellow one. We also have a single line word that you just need to add to the glove for and it will be like this or reddish. You just have to write danger for green. I just forgot what yours also I'll properly create and blog where everybody finding how to make the block for being red or whatever. Etc and properly pass things of

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, that's awesome.

Denis Lelic: Up I have one question what happens when we host? The website on Akash Network. What happens to the build time? I saw you're using versa. it's

Piyush Choudhary: so basically when it comes to hosting on the Cartoon Network, so

Piyush Choudhary: The build time will remain same mostly but what happens is we just have to create the docker file, right? So after creating the docker file and I think it will not be feasible to post this on Akash Network because what will happen is whenever we make the changes to the record. So we will have to keep on updating the docker file again and again and then also updating the sdl file that is hosted on Akash Cloud nose, so it might be a issue for the developers or if the instant updates are needed. So when it comes to for example, the Cosmetic website is right now hosted on GitHub pages, right? So the version is full time will almost be saying they might be few seconds of difference. So right now as I push the change it took around one minute five seconds, so it may take one minutes 10 seconds. So that's all right. Now if you see the current web

Piyush Choudhary: if I show you the current website, I'm not.

Piyush Choudhary: even if the full on lines of code is getting pushed it is taking around 30 to 35 minutes to complete the bill. so

Piyush Choudhary: as you can see for the build. It's soaked around 24 minutes and for deployment it took around 28 minutes to even build two lines of code. And while when I pushed to our website took around it total one minute five seconds to complete.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Cool.

Denis Lelic: and regarding the docs page Tyler you wanted to talk about it any questions or

Piyush Choudhary: easy

Denis Lelic: anything you want to share?

Tyler Wright: No, no, I just wanted to reiterate that when it comes to just the structure. I know that it wasn't just Luna, the migration is one thing and I think it's fine for us to we migrate because I think there's a number of new documents that have been created since Luna's team did the initial migration but from a structural standpoint and maybe we could just reference. Let me see if I can find is real fast, either way the structure and the front end of the sidebar and how things were kind of set up. I know Greg really likes that which is why he had a Neil yesterday. He asked about it earlier in the week and the engineering sink. So I just want to make sure that we take that into consideration so that we don't get slowed down later.

00:20:00

Piyush Choudhary: It's what we can do is we can tell the lunar stream to deploy it andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: if it's visible as you said it's already completed right so will not be a big class for them to deploy it and then migrated to the rockstar.com so you can ask their team to migrated if it's possible, but as we are also working on it for the official website, so I just have to ask you questions one is like as you can see in the content directory of dogs. These are the followers that will be visible on the sidebar and Cycles. Let's say I open buildings started. These are the MD files that will so

Piyush Choudhary: there's one questions is I had a chat with Denis a last time you few days ago. He said that we don't. If I go to the Department.

Piyush Choudhary: 

Piyush Choudhary: so even if I open the cloud most declared part, instead of having the proper MP5 anyone who I am having to subsections which is the same case here as well. So if you open this index code and We have the subsections. Let me see. if on

Piyush Choudhary: what's wrong?

Piyush Choudhary: from being technical support

Piyush Choudhary: s

Tyler Wright: So as I'm looking at this and maybe this is what you're saying the subsections are different in these new Docs. as

Piyush Choudhary: right personally feel or maybe not so I just want Jack to take a look at the fullest structure and then defiles and the way MD files are being implemented here. because these folder structure will be going as if he's on the design. So let's say we have the getting started at first when I for example, let me show you how it will look.

Piyush Choudhary: Let me open the double Point page, So this is the development page as you can see we have the header welcome Community groups current projects for website strategy roadmap and boundaries. So let's take this as an example. Let's say we have the getting started at first. So let's say this is the getting started that will be visible on the top when I will drop down similar in this case. it opened up the overview right? So when I will drop down on getting started I will have this overview I will have the homepage and then I have the options environment set up funding technical support your first plan. So I just want The content in to take a look at the content if it's hundred percent, correct? Because

Piyush Choudhary: It is going to be a part of the dogs, right and dogs plays a very crucial role for the whole Akash the system. So I just want the content we make sure that the content that is depending all these prices hundred percent complete and correct. So when we migrate them to the Rock speech, they will not create an issues for the users.

Zach Horn: Will probably need to pull on someone from our engineering team just to ensure that belt technically correct, but I'll handle that on our end and keep you updated.

Denis Lelic: what about the let me just check quickly.

Denis Lelic: I'm just looking at the current website and the working groups. and I'm just wondering if everything there is up to date or it's not building at all.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: No, it's not building at all. I was hoping ideally andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Tyler Wright: maybe we can have a separate call about this before next week. I was hoping I like the solution that appears put in and I know that Zach likes the fast build time so I don't want to mess around with it atâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: it's

Tyler Wright: My one issue that I'm trying to think about quite honestly is right now everything. But I do from a note- from those taking standpoint lives in the community if we have to then update the community repost so that it's up to date there and then we also have to update. the website repo that might be less than desirable but not the end of the world. So I just have to think that through a little bit.

Piyush Choudhary: Basicallyâ€¦

Denis Lelic: 

Piyush Choudhary: if you see in case of the development Community groups this Siz the blue G and U G's are still not complete because I don't have all the details related to the meeting leadership contacts a project supposedly 11 results because it's Etc. So I just want the markdown file for these pages and once I upgrade them out on file into the website right with visible instantly here, so they will not be any major changes.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm not necessarily talking about major changes from the beginning. I think you all can do a great job of making it look the same my thought processes around me maintenance,â€¦

Piyush Choudhary: he

Tyler Wright: I'm going to be maintaining and updating the readme file inside the community repo with all the information and then I'm gonna have to do the same thing inside of

Tyler Wright: Inside of the website repo again, not the end of the world, but just something I'm thinking about also while we're on the subject right now.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think

Tyler Wright: Anil alluded to it yesterday that this section with the roadmap. I dropped it in the chat. I think he wants to use a visual roadmap. I wonder can we drop in embed those project boards from GitHub? I know that there is one already for engineering and road map. Yeah, I'll read drop chat, but I was wondering if we could do that versus the project list that you have shown up there.

Piyush Choudhary: And this one?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah instead of that one. Look at the chat. There's a projects github.org slash the topic that one. Yeah, perfect. We do we looked at this yesterday a little bit.

Piyush Choudhary: Really?

Tyler Wright: And I know that a Neil wants to Sunset that project list board and just use this so I was wondering can this be embedded on that page?

Piyush Choudhary: So I will have to take a look at the GitHub API. So if you allows us to embed it, so we will be able to generate it.

Tyler Wright: Okay, cool. I think yeah, that would be better than project list because I believe that project list MD file that you are just referencing is going to be sunset. They're not going they don't want to use that anymore because it's too hard to maintain.

Zach Horn: For the workflow things that you were just talking about I mean, is there an option where the website repo becomes the source of Truth for these things? So it's just one repo to updateâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: e

Zach Horn: which is the website repo.

Tyler Wright: yeah, that's a good suggestion my fear is because so many people are used to community repo andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Mm-hmm

Tyler Wright: our error maybe wouldn't be an issue because they can just submit a PR on the website Repro. I think it's a good idea. I'm just worried about again people like changing their behavior andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: he

Tyler Wright: some issues going We post some of the project boards go in the community repo again. It's not that big of an effort To copy and paste but yeah,â€¦

Piyush Choudhary: really?

Tyler Wright: I'll think about that. That's a good suggestion Zach.

Zach Horn: Sounds Yeah good. I hear what you're saying on the duplicate effort part. But also yes, the fast Bill times are our ideal. So anything we can do to preserve those.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah, I will not whatever this I'd rather do duplicative work then sacrifice a build time. So I think what's the same page there?

Zach Horn: pressure Okay, sounds good.

Denis Lelic: What if we're not duplicating the work? meaning everything can live in the community repo, but we just add the links to the website repo.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's what I'm saying that I don't think and maybe I over exaggerate so I apologize. What I think I would have to do is I would take the content that's on the readme file and that table that has the meeting links the transcript length and the recording and I would just have to copy that over and maybe just add a little bit of syntax on the website where you post I don't think it'll be that big of an effort, to be honest.

Denis Lelic: or we could basically just link to the Community repo meetings notes and stuff on the website repo So when you let's say you're on the website you're scrolling through those projects,â€¦

Piyush Choudhary: just

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: whatever. And there's basically just a link that takes you directly to the GitHub.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: Community repo let's say I don't know Sig or working group or something.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's a good call out. Basically. It's like a link to the readme file and then you click on that and you open up the readme file.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, we already have that functionalities. So I think I go to implement this in this page, but when it comes to the block page, it will not be a big task. For example, if you want to update this blog. So we have the update post option. So it takes us back into the particularly file. So this will be the case for others as well. So I just lines of code. So when I am the Ducks and when I am on the development page, so let's say this is also coming from the readme file. I will just add update post section and when you will click on the update post people directly into the readme 5.

Denis Lelic: I guess we'll see. In the next couple of weeks. What's the best way to work with this?

Denis Lelic: I'm sure we'll figure things on the go so

Denis Lelic: once back looking for my notes. So we talked shortly about the docs. That's quite clear for I mean, we'll see. when piyush creates The first section so let's say I don't know a home page for the blogs for the docs.

Piyush Choudhary: he

Denis Lelic: How that structure behaves the menu on the left and stuff like that.

Denis Lelic: I couldn't find. the stuff Luna and his team did I just had one screenshot on my desktops living there so I could only refer to that and I shared it in the Discord with piyush and Tyler. But I Think We're Not Gonna Go Far Away from that. so it's going to be the same or better experience Yeah type.

Piyush Choudhary: so just to give an overview on how the dot special look so we have four variants. So let's say on the left hand side as you can see, we have three sections when the phone get started and this is nothing but a table of content, so when it comes to the above talk to sections the home and get started the continual like They displayed on the whole page that you are seeing right now. It is taking the whole space and similarly when it comes to the website page. It will also taking the whole space as you can see and when it comes to the table of content.

Piyush Choudhary: This is also. Place you So this is how the table of content will so we have the drop down section similar to what we did with the Development page as you can see we have the drop down options. So we just talked the line it so we will have the drop down options. And then when we click on the files the content will appear in the middle from the markdown by itself. As you can see here. And on the right hand side we have on this space section this similar to work there on the blocks or the customer. So this is how the dog's page will behave and the user experience will look like

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Yeah Ty

Tyler Wright: It's gonna say I found an old issue for the docs migration. I put it in the chat. It's issue number 86 inside that issue. I think you can find the spec for the hierarchy as well as some images as well for that sidebar. So I just want to have an additional reference. Let me know if you want. Luna's team to establish and we bring up some of those website, but I know Denis you gave feedback on some of these items. But again has that kind of structure. I'm not saying and just want to make it clear pH. Can you go back to the center of this image? I'm not saying doing anything with that middle box. I think that the way that you all have it with the main section is optimized and way better than what

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: What suggesting docs 2.0? I my only concern is this left bar where the zero dot was zero one is because I know that again great has explicitly talked about liking that so I just want to make sure we keep that top of mind about Exactly just a category andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: this one

Tyler Wright: headers and where some of these docs are nestled. That's all I'm concerned about.

Piyush Choudhary: and also as you said to ask him already completed the thing so it will be better if you can ask the lunar system to make it live and share the link so we can have some Lego view of how you understand.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, I'll do that.

Denis Lelic: cool Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the issue 86 you've shared Tyler. That's the same images. I found on while I was searching on my computer. So

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: yeah, I don't think that's gonna be an issue. We're so gonna have this menu on the left. Yeah, and hopefully it's gonna be better. Experience than the current website docs and dark 2.0. So basically this is a dark 3.0.

Tyler Wright: I love it.

Piyush Choudhary: he

Denis Lelic: Okay, anything else we have? To discuss anyone wants to share anything.

Zach Horn: Yeah, really quickly the pricing page that we're thinking about now hosting on the website. How do we have a design of how that's going to look and the reason I'm asking because it's something that I'd like to share more broadly when we are doing external Communications and even designing lightly hands around pricing on Akash. I just saw the link usually click through.

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I can share the figma drawing we have at the moment.

Zach Horn: Okay.

Denis Lelic: Let me know if you can see my screen.

Zach Horn: I can't. I can't yes.

Denis Lelic: You can. okay, so there's

Denis Lelic: What two ways to go? Basically for the first stage, I'm not really sure if we can share the GPU stuff. To calculate prices. So the way it's set up now is you have a couple of options to choose from presets and it's going to change the bottom parameters here and then you just hit calculate price and it's gonna give you a price and the second stage you're gonna have a GPU optimized andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: he

Denis Lelic: you can add different GPU models and also change the parameters for memory and stuff like that and hit calculate price and it's gonna give you

Denis Lelic: price estimate and Some sort of a comparison to the AVS Google or Microsoft.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Right. Fantastic

Piyush Choudhary: so these one issue with the GPU part we were exploring the cloudmoss and I cleaned their price preparator the GPU. Stuff is still not implementing.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: The GPU thing right now will not be possible but others since

Denis Lelic: that was my concern also, because that's why I said we have two ways one is to include the gpus if that's possible. If it's not we're just leave them out and when it's possible we include them the Arthur other thing.

00:40:00

Denis Lelic: Greg and O'Neill mentioned was the let me see if I have that here.

Denis Lelic: provider incentives so we would just add a Text field and a call to action for the Prater calculator. So anyone who's interested in becoming a provider they can just hit this button and go to The Prado calculator and see what would their earnings look like?

Zach Horn: Amazing because from a marketing standpoint, there's two cohorts of people that end up bucketing themselves when they're interested in Akash, and it's exactly what you would think which is how much does it cost if I want to deploy and I have resources how much can I earn so surfacing those two tools? I think it's gonna help us plenty of Thumbs Up from Ty and agreement

Zach Horn: so yeah, I think would you guys have looked great looks great a question though when You may have just said this I was clicking through the site as you guys were talking.

Piyush Choudhary: still

Zach Horn: How are you pulling the data? Is it real time? Or are you querying some interval.

Piyush Choudhary: So it's realized for example to open the open page. So it's a real time API and it's all more of dependent on how the cloud most is doing. So we have got the access to their apis. So we are implementing the same way the cloud Moses in on the basis. and personally,â€¦

Zach Horn: Got it, okay.

Piyush Choudhary: I think

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good.

Denis Lelic: cool

Denis Lelic: Yeah, and there's also one section and that's called network activity. So I think that's gonna live on the website as well next to the pricing and stuff like that and they're gonna remove it from the cloudmouse.

Denis Lelic: I think the block Explorer and stuff like that that's going to live on the website.

Zach Horn: Right, okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, because it's kind of not a deployment. thing so anyone interesting and how much? Akt is spent or something like that or what's happening on the blockchain? What kind of blocks was actions that are going on? You were just go about Akash page and there's gonna be a menu item on the left called network activity with a couple of sub items and you can just go through all of them.

Zach Horn: This ecosystem page is Excellent, but definitely makes sense.

Tyler Wright: agreed

Zach Horn: â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I was avoid, brainstorming on these meetings, but As I'm like watching you click through the website. I'm thinking that when we launch this we should have someone record a video of them essentially giving a tour of the website looking around and just showcasing all the parts and hadn't had that thought before right now, but let me draw that up and just see what that might look like. And we can chat about that as we get a little bit closer. what's the timeline a dentist? I think you had mentioned at the other day. But what's the latest to have this launched?

Denis Lelic: I think piyush management mentioned yesterday three to four weeks.

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good.

Piyush Choudhary: It can be released on not before but there will be lockers related groups the most they are mostly lockers related to the contents. So we are almost done I think within a week or two. The functionality part and everything will be done and complicated and we are going to start the final design. Leave you with Denis. So the things that are not aligned properly with the Tailwind CSS default layouts will be changed a little bit as for the directions defined by Denis and the protein and Currently there are no blockers. We can launch this a lot before but I think three to four weeks would be fine.

Zach Horn: It's okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I wouldn't push it let's do it in a week when there's any events ahead of us or something like crucial stuff going on so we can just take our time and make sure everything is working properly everything looks and behaves properly and stuff like that.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and make sure the links are optimized and all that kind of stuff. So, yeah, I think after maybe a little bit starting next week, but after we should start thinking about my testing strategy and then a path towards I really like the idea Zach of a walkthrough video of all the work that piyush's team have done and just the experience. Go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Are once one question just something that came into my mind. Let's say someone is sharing the website on Twitter. And there's that image preview. currently I think we have one image and it's called something Soren infrastructure the scales. What's the best way for us to have multiple images so we can switch?

Piyush Choudhary: we

Denis Lelic: Based on the content. We're sharing on Twitter, for example, because I know Twitter now is not allowing the headline from the things you're sharing. So basically you just see an image on a short link. So maybe we could leverage that to include some of headlines included in the graphic. I hope I didn't complicate too much.

Piyush Choudhary: Don't I just have to explore how Twitter is and links? So when we share the link on the Twitter, I just have to look on how process the data while passing that links. So accordingly. I will try it's possible into the multiple images. So if I click on your Twitter on the Twitter. I will see if it's possible to have the multiple images in place, but I haven't explored that yet. So I will just take a look on how the Twitter is doing that and what data needs as

Denis Lelic: Yeah that Zach. Do you have any thoughts on that?

Zach Horn: Yeah, I think if it's technically possible sharing the graphic, especially for blog posts as the social images is ideal. And what we could do from a Content standpoint is make sure that some version of the headline is in the graphic. So when we share the link on Twitter and the graphic people can quickly see that it's a blog post and be what the headline is and Denis maybe we can come up with is a universal standard that we use for our post Graphics that includes some copy that says, Akash blog poster, something like that just so that we share the link there's a standard format. So people can quickly see that It's a blog post because they won't have the headline.

Denis Lelic: Yeah agree, we could label it with some sort of a badge or something.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we can explore that.

Zach Horn: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: Okay, we have five more minutes left. If you guys have anything else to discuss, please let me know. Otherwise we can wrap it up. I know some of us have another meeting coming up. So. Just to have three minutes of break in between those would be nice.

Denis Lelic: Thanks for participating Arthur as always it's good to see the progress.

Tyler Wright: but

Denis Lelic: We're making and you guys are doing so looking forward To the next meeting andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Also andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: and everything. eat

Piyush Choudhary: also in the last minute we discussed to update the deploy and application based on Akash network official website. So as you say that we already did it in around 12 days. It's like on this so we have fun. So from deploy page and there is only Cloud nose.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, good call out. That's something we discussed previously and piyush was kind enough to remove the console from the deployment page. So we basically have just Cloud models there now, so thanks good call out and thanks for taking care of that.

Denis Lelic: We'll talk offline and see you next week. Thanks again.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: Thank you, Vermont. Have a good day.

Denis Lelic: Thank you, bye-bye.

Meeting ended after 00:50:33 ðŸ‘‹

