# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #17


## Agenda
- Progress Update on Akash Website Revamp
- Discussions on Docs 2.0 integartion


## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, November 16, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon 
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Massv
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Meeting Notes


### Previous Discussion Highlights:


##### Denis Lelic:
- Discussion on the structure of the navbar for the docs page and Akash documentation.
- Conversation about stats pricing for the website.
- Deliberation on implementing a calendar on the website for community members to have an overview of all meetings.


### Akash Website Revamp Progress:

##### Denis Lelic:
- Mentioned that the focus for the last couple of weeks has been on putting everything together.
- Noted that Piyush and his team, funded through a governance proposal, are actively working on the revamp.
- Emphasized that the website is functional, with pages in place, and is working smoothly.
- Denis shared an update from Piyush, mentioning his team's focus on bringing documentation to the website.
- Stated that the website is operational, and UI refinements are the next steps.
- Encouraged the group to check the Discord chat for Piyush's detailed update.
- Denis Lelic provided an estimated timeline of three weeks for the ongoing work, adding an extra week for potential adjustments.

##### Tyler Wright
- Mentioned that feedback from the community, especially from the Akash website Discord Channel, is being considered for continued edits.
- Tyler emphasized the close proximity of the website revamp to completion.
- Indicated that Zach wanted to discuss the timing of the website launch, considering the marketing and content aspects.
- Noted that edits will continue even after the website goes live, with ongoing testing and feedback incorporation.
- Tyler raised the issue of spacing and formatting changes due to the revamp, leading to a discussion on how to handle marketing and content placement.
- Mentioned the need to decide whether to add new content to the current website or wait for the revamped version to showcase it.
- Tyler suggested setting a launch date around December 15th, approximately three to four weeks from the current date.
- Proposed considering a transition time in the middle of the night to minimize disruption.
- Agreed to further discuss the launch date and transition plan in the next meeting with Piyush's input.

##### Zach Horn
- Zach Horn emphasized the priority of addressing documentation.
- Mentioned the ongoing work on a case study involving SDXL on Akash, which includes code sections affecting the website's formatting.
- Expressed a desire to briefly touch on timelines for better planning.
- Zach acknowledged the timeline and mentioned that the case study might be ready before the general website completion.


### Discussions on Docs Restructuring
- Tyler addressed the current state of the [Docs page](https://docs.akash.network/) on akash.network.
- Tyler mentioned plans for overhauling the page with more visually appealing tiles and emphasized the need for an improved structure
- Tyler Highlighted the discussion around restructuring the sidebar menu for improved navigation.
- Shared the [updated structure](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-documentation/documentation-structure.md) implemented through the work of the Docs 2.0 working group and Sig documentation.
- Emphasized the goal of making the structure more accessible and developer-friendly.
- Noted that the restructuring involves organizing existing documentation, not creating new content.


### Clarification on Missing Categories in Docs Restructuring:
- Denis Lelic raised concerns about missing categories in the Docs restructuring, specifically mentioning the absence of "Testnets" and "Integrations."
- Tyler Wright clarified that the "Testnets" category will only appear when an active testnet is available. The goal is to prevent confusion and inquiries during periods when a testnet is not active.
- Tyler addressed the concern about "Integrations" being left out, indicating that certain categories, like "Experimental," may encompass integrations in the future.
- Tyler mentioned that the addition of a Sandbox category is planned for those interested in testing deployments.
- Tyler Wright clarified that information about setting up wallets and obtaining developer tokens will be included under the "Getting Started" section. Mentioned that the details will fall under the "Your First Deployment" and "Getting Started" sections, making it easier for users.
- Tyler highlighted the user-friendly approach to navigation, with the intention of providing clear pathways for both deploying applications and becoming a provider.

### Documentation Transfer Process
- Tyler Wright expressed the hope that the documentation transfer process does not have to be perfect initially.
- Emphasized the plan to transfer documentation with the understanding that optimization can take place in the following week.
- Tyler Highlighted the upcoming SIG Documentation meeting on November 28th.
- Suggested including an agenda item to involve the working group for the Akash website in the SIG Documentation meeting.
- Discussed the potential for optimizing documentation during the SIG Documentation meeting with the input of SIG Documentation members.

### Plans for Case Studies
- Denis raised a question for Zach regarding the format and placement of case studies on the website.
- Denis inquired about the possibility of having a separate section for case studies, focusing on projects deployed on Akash, including sdxl.
- Zach emphasized the need for three to five comprehensive case studies before considering a dedicated page.
- Zach suggested that a dedicated page would differentiate case studies from blog content, catering to those seeking in-depth understanding of various implementations.
- Zach recommended prioritizing the blog for now until a sufficient number of case studies are produced.

#### Case Study Section in Akash Ecosystem Page (Website 2.0)
- Denis Lelic proposed the idea of having a dedicated case study section on the Akash ecosystem page.
- Denis suggested connecting case studies and projects deployed on Akash, making case studies clickable for in-depth information.
- Zach agreed with the idea, emphasizing the importance of making the case studies part of the website for seamless navigation.

### Planning Session for Next Week:

##### Tyler Wright
- Tyler mentioned the upcoming planning session for next Thursday, even though it is an American holiday.
- The focus will be on planning for the next couple of weeks and months, addressing various aspects of the website.
- Tyler expressed the goal of transferring the docs over by next week, even in a rough state.
- There are questions about where certain content should go, and these will be discussed further.
- The plan is to present the website to the Sig Documentation group on November 28th for additional feedback on the structure.
- After the Sig Documentation meeting, the intention is to share the website with Insiders in the community to gather feedback.
- Tyler highlighted the need for an all-hands week starting from December 4th to focus on optimizing content and filling in any gaps.
- The goal is to define timelines and milestone goals for the website launch, potentially around the week of December 15th.
- There is a focus on reviewing and updating content on the website, addressing any missing or outdated information.
- Tyler suggested creating bounties for specific content updates or optimizations that can be delegated.


## Other Matters Discussed

#### Landing Pages for Specific Campaigns
- Denis proposed the idea of creating dedicated landing pages for different campaigns, focusing on specific target groups.
- Zach expressed interest in the concept but emphasized the need for a solid understanding of the target groups before proceeding.
- Denis suggested the idea of having a universal template for landing pages, with interchangeable graphic content.

#### Discussion on Visuals for the Hero Section
- George Pro inquired about the decision regarding the visuals for the hero section, noting the absence of visuals in the latest version shared by Piyush.
- Denis Lelic referenced previous discussions about considering more visuals and presented a new concept for the hero section.
- Denis Lelic shared a new hero section concept, featuring an interactive element where buttons pop up on hovering over a specific area.
- Zach Horn expressed enthusiasm for the aesthetic appeal of the interactive elements.
- Raised a concern about potential page load speed impact and suggested discussing implementation details with Piyush.
- Acknowledged the need to balance aesthetics and functionality in the implementation of interactive elements.

#### Request for Access to Code Base
- Arthur expressed interest in reviewing the code base for the new website to provide feedback.
- Tyler alerted Arthur to post a message in the website working group, asking for access to the code base from Piyush.
- Arthur mentioned that he plans to share feedback once the code is completed and the UI is finalized.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of early access for Arthur to facilitate familiarization with the new website.


## Action Items
- Group to consider launching the revamped website around December 15th, with a discussion on the transition plan in the next meeting.
- Tyler to include an agenda item in the upcoming SIG Documentation meeting to involve the Akash website working group in optimizing the documentation.
- Denis to explore the integration of a dedicated case study section on the Akash ecosystem page(Website 2.0)
- Denis to conduct research and propose a layout for the landing page template(Specific Campaigns)
- Deenis to discuss the new hero section concept with Piyush to explore implementation possibilities and considerations


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: excellent

Denis Lelic: For the Akash website we meet on our weekly basis where we discuss everything website related. For the last couple of weeks we've been working on. Akash website revamp There was a Community member gold Panther on this court, but his name is piyush and he was granted. some funds through the governance proposal and he and his team are working on the river and I'm just gonna share the recent update. Appears provided on Discord so you can reach it here in the chat section. if we just go through it quickly. They're mostly working on.

Denis Lelic: Putting everything together. I know he appear said this and the next week, they're gonna focus on bringing dogs to the website, but we already see the website is functional. So they'll have to do some UI refinements but all of the pages seems to be there and everything is working quite fast smoothly.

Denis Lelic: I see Tyler you're sharing the screen. I thought I was. one thing from a previous discussion. Where I believe had a productive meeting we talked about. Many different things I'm just gonna go through them. really quickly

Denis Lelic: So we talked about dogs. There was a discussion around how to structure the navbar. Of the darkspage and the whole Akash documentation. There was a discussion around stats pricing. And of course there was a discussion around community and how to implement calendar where users could have a good overview of all the meetings that are happening.

Denis Lelic: Today or in the near future. So basically just have a good overview of all the working group and seek meetings. and for today's agenda I was just thinking about Discussing docs a little bit further last time I believe at least from my perspective all of the information was not there. So I think it brought some.

Denis Lelic: I lost the word confusion for peers and his team like how to the menu bar and how to divide the subcategories or even subcategories and how to

Denis Lelic: group all of the content so they can work

Denis Lelic: with markdown files and everything. try I know you have the most information. regarding the docs So I was just thinking. About the structure you provided if you just see if I have it somewhere here. let's respond.

Denis Lelic: There maybe have it somewhere. Close to you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah.

Denis Lelic: I'm talking about new menu structure. and the GitHub link you've provided.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, I'll pull that up right now. Thank you Denis. I know that Zach so we certainly want to talk about documentation and action item. I think Zach also wants to talk about just general timing. I know piyush is not here right now today. but with the rest of this group, I think this revamp is very close to being done with obviously the docs being an outstanding item and then continued testing. I think there's members of The Insider community and other members of the general Akash community that have obviously everybody had access to this link. And so some people have been giving feedback inside of the working group Akash website Discord Channel. I think that that be back is being taken in consideration with continued edits. So I know that there will be some

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: edits and continue edits even after the website is live, but I believe Zach wants to talk about timing because I know there's a number of things on the marketing and content side that we have to talk about whether we're going to be adding it to the current website or if we'll just wait for the website revamp to Showcase some of this content because I know that there is a spacing issues and the way that things are is being formatted is changing. So we'll talk about andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah. I'm all good.

Tyler Wright: then I think we'll go into the conversation. Go ahead Zach's already cut you off.

Zach Horn: Yeah docs can take priority. I think just to kick off the call. But yes, there are a few things. In the pipeline the main one being this case study that we have in the works for xdxl on Akash, and there's lots of code sections as part of that and that's gonna change how we format it for the website. If it's going on the the new version. It's a part of my goal for today if we could just touch briefly on timelines just so I can get a sense of where this thing is going to be published. But happy to start with docs just to kick it off.

Denis Lelic: Yeah from my understanding and based on the information peers provided. I think we have three weeks. I would add a week to that because there's always some. stuff that happens so

Denis Lelic: if that is that working for you?

Zach Horn: I think so. I mean obviously it's going to be whatever it's going to be and that's fine. The case study probably will be out before that. So then that's okay. I think it just will have to think through how we're going to migrate from the current A question for you, and we don't have to linger on this. Is there a world in which? I answer my own question. What I was gonna say is our world where the current blog gets published and we start to migrate before the entire website's live, but they're using different providers. So just disregard that.

Zach Horn: So we're about a month out at this point.

Tyler Wright: yeah, with testing that I think that's fair. I think three weeks is what Peter's targeting. I think an extra week as a buffer would be great at Maybe something we can start to think about this week but really start to or maybe finalize next week and Pierce is back is and launch date that we can work towards, if we're about three or four weeks out from today. I think that puts it around December 15th. and so we can start to put a date on the calendar or maybe we do the transition in the middle the night at a time when they're less people accessing the website and then we can figure out just announcements after that. So maybe that could be an agenda item

Tyler Wright: that we further discussed next week with Piers when he's back. But again, if anybody has an ideas if there's any particular events happening in the ecosystem, that we can latch on to or there's an idea when we can kind of showcase this website because again, I think there's a large number of ux and provements. and just should be a better and more inviting experience for all those

Denis Lelic: Yeah, one question for Zach.

Tyler Wright: cool

Denis Lelic: How did you imagine the case Is that a separate thing, just having something similar to the blog and the blog posts, but we could focus it more on just some case studies. So they would probably be like a page called case studies. And we list all of this case studies there. So I mean, maybe we can just I don't know focus on some of the projects that are maybe deployed on they're having front end. running on Akash or something else like validator but of course sdxl as well.

Zach Horn: Yeah, the dream would be something closer to that. The issue is that we have a bit of a bottleneck on producing case studies at the moment the bottleneck being me. so what I think my plan is that We get xdxl on Akash that case study out the door. We see how that performs and we see what the reach of it is and who's resonating with it? And then we go down the road of deciding if we want to do more case studies and what the topics of those could be and then I would say we should get to let me hedge that a little bit if we go down the road of producing more case studies. I think we need to get somewhere into the range of three to five really built out. these are Somewhere in the range of 3,000 to 5,000 words. So they're quite involved.

00:10:00

Zach Horn: Gets a three to five of those and then start to think about a dedicated page for them. I agree with you that I think a page on the website. if we get to that point would be great just because it differentiates from the blog a little bit and obviously nothing against blog content, but case studies are just a little more focused and built out and they're probably targeted a bit more towards people that want, top to bottom understandings of how different implementations work and deployments and all that. so I would say we prioritize thinking about that for the minute just until we get one to three of these out the door and then if we continue going down the road and get the three to five then maybe we start considering a page, but I would say they stay on the blog for now. just a quick question Who has ever sharing a screen Ty could you go to the blog? I'm a new website really quickly.

Zach Horn: If you scroll down a little bit and it may be on the individual post page. No, it's not scroll back up.

Zach Horn: a question for you, Denis, so If we're gonna have this new blog be, a One-Stop shop for case studies and posts and updates and all that. I see the filtering that we have here. Do you have any thoughts around how we can direct people to different content verticals above and beyond just a list of filters? That's been the one thing that I've been thinking about a little bit.

Denis Lelic: I'm not sure. I understand What's the way to better? shape these categories

Zach Horn: a good example Yeah, Let me grab a link really quickly. Bear with me.

Tyler Wright: Sorry,

Tyler Wright: Maybe

Zach Horn: So I guess I won't name the name because they're competitor adjacent. But there are other Cloud platforms out there that they split their content out into categories. They're not really filtering posts. It's more like you drop down a section from the navigation and then you can see different high level categories of posts. I know that changes the structure quite a bit and we consider that at all for this website or is that out of scope?

Denis Lelic: not something I've considered but maybe I'll just make a note and I'll ask ierce. What are the possibilities there?

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: that makes sense to me. I'm gonna go back to the docs page real fast because I know that's what Denis Who has had some questions about can everyone see the current docs page as it lives today and akasha Network. cool So we all know that this area right here will be overhaul. I think it'll have more tiles. I don't be able to be a little bit more visually appealing. But I believe the area of discussion is around this sidebar menu right here. The structure of this is fairly straightforward, but I believe again through the work of the working group for docs 2.0 and Sig documentation. The new structure has been implemented and I'll share right here. It's in.

Tyler Wright: GitHub as well looks a little bit differently. So I think it's a little bit easier for developers to digest almond fine content. So one of the things that developers have had an issue within the past is actually setting up their environment, especially if they're trying to build tooling on top of So again, it's just about restructuring some of this documentation which lives all this documentation. None of the documentation is new documentation Luna and his team They just took existing documentation that was stored other places.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: and they just restructured it and read and moved some of it so that it was easier, a lot of the documentation is in other resources, and it's just been moved to specific categories. That you can find again in this spec for what the structure should look like for the sidebar.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Then did you have specific question you want to talk about andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: I do.

Tyler Wright: we can go.

Denis Lelic: I was just comparing this structure to the existing dark space we have and I see there were some categories left out. For example, let me just pull it up. There was no test Nets anymore.

Denis Lelic: Is that something? That the working group decided or Sig decided to leave out.

Tyler Wright: I believe the test Nets will only show up when there is a test net. I think what's been a issue in the past is because it's consistently there people are always asking and disco and Discord. Hey what's going on with the test net even though it's only for specific periods, and they don't read any further. They just see testing the category. I think one thing that's going to be added here that I don't see is a Sandbox. So because of sandbox is now fully functional inside the network features or excuse me inside one of the category. I'm not really sure which category quite yet. There will be a quick link if to those that want to use the sandbox and test out deployments on the network.

Tyler Wright: But in terms of testnet, that's something that's only going to be available. So on the current documentation, you can see an experimental section the idea in the future is that things that are an experimental will get moved into their own category. Sometimes testnet But again, those categories and sections will be made and then hidden at the test that is over to avoid confusion.

Denis Lelic: No. I was just wondering about a couple of section being left out. So I know it's like these were planned decisions and the other one would be Integrations. and one more

Denis Lelic: the basic stuff token and wallets like how to install a wall and how to get developer tokens and stuff like that. Is that something that's still part of the Restructured menu, or is it left out as well? I mean users can get that information somewhere else. they could go to the Kepler or leap or whatever.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, so that will fall under your first deployment and not getting started section. It'll have all the information about setting up your sleep wallet. I think metamask is coming soon it'll have various drop down depending on which path you want to go and then steps all that Depending on which path you go, but as I understand that's all going to fall under that getting started section.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: And there's no deployment section anymore. There's just basically you have to go to it through your first deployment and you're going to find out. All the information you need there.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, And there's a deployment section inside the concepts which will kind of showcase. How the network works, and then we'll give you some ins and outs on deploying, give you some routes on how to get to clubhouse and CLI. I think that documentation already exists on the current website. but again, we're trying to traffic people through. One like this getting started section and people understand that their first appointment. We're trying to do that under five minutes and then

Tyler Wright: Hopefully the tiles will be also a great indicator, as discussed with the new docs where people are trying to deploy should be a couple of clicks from the home page to Cloud most which will be the preferred deployment tool. And then if you're trying to become a provider should be the same processes or a couple clicks here and you're either deploying or she either setting Riders fee of the CLI or setting up a provider be a pro tour.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, yeah, those are my questions because I just Compare these two structures and I was just thinking about To some of these categories that are not listed there. So thanks for providing those questions answers. There's yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: That one to call out.

Denis Lelic: go ahead.

Tyler Wright: What I would hope would happen is. I would hope that the documentation is transferred. It does not have to be perfect. when we do the transfer and we update the categories we can then we have all next week to optimize it. there's a Sig documentation meeting happening the November 28th. and my goal for that meeting is as a part of the agenda. We just basically take the working group for the Akash website go to the Sig documentation meeting and have an agenda item to optimize any of the documentation. We can just move it from there. everything's in markdown. It would take seconds to move and so we can just get sick documentation's eyes on it. And that should be enough to really hone in on.

Tyler Wright: Action if you need to change things after that we can as well.

Denis Lelic: I just remembered Nothing dark related, but just stuff we discussed. A couple of minutes ago with Jack Zach. What do you think about having just a case study section in the akashico system? The way it's structured now. It's like you can just switch between devtools projects deployed and a cash provider. So case studies and projects deployed on Akash could be somehow connected but I have to be because for projects deployed on Akash we can just

Denis Lelic: have tiles and cards listed With basic information, but for the case studies like each of these. Tiles or cards would be clickable and you can read about it. Get more information like how it's done and get the whole. Story behind it. do you think this could be the part of the akashico system orâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah like that a lot.

Denis Lelic: we can just Add an extra. Menu item and call the case studies or showcase or whatever.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I don't think it needs its own. Thing in the menu per se but I do like the tiles that you're showing right now just gives it a little more weight above and beyond a blog entry. That's the one thing I've been thinking about a lot is we do more built-out posts that are very tied to specific deployment answers specific ecosystem items or just things that we want to get eyes on. I don't want those to get lost in the blog because we'll have lots of blog posts around, all kinds of things. So I do like this where does it so it's on the ecosystem page. So that's Akash net Network slash ecosystem. I assume for the domain. Okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. slash case studies

Zach Horn: right Okay.

Denis Lelic: and basically when you click on one of these tiles you can have on article. but we can find a way to embed also for example as the Excel on Akash, so it's not like Just living on some domain, but it's part of the website. So anyone who's like playing around with it? Can also reach other?

Denis Lelic: other information on the website

Zach Horn: Yeah makes sense.

Denis Lelic: But it's also reachable through this part. we have this section on the home page. I'm talking about the home page here. but when you scroll down You have this what's possible with a car so you can view the ecosystem andâ€¦

Zach Horn: 

Denis Lelic: we can just highlight a couple of items. For example here. There's the AI Projects deployed in Akash and we present a couple of death tools.

00:25:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, that looks great. I like what's possible.

Denis Lelic: and if you hit

Zach Horn: I like that positioning what's possible?

Denis Lelic: So when you hit Akash ecosystem, you're just taking. to this page where you can switch between these four options and each of the options is providing these cards with Information and call to actions and stuff. So yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's great.

Denis Lelic: also prayer or some. I don't know a third tool could be just awesome Akash repo So we have projects deployed in Akash with some filtering options. And we have Akash providers. This is something piercing his team also added. where we can list all of the providers. and showcase their resources

Zach Horn: Yeah, this looks great.

Denis Lelic: Okay, One thing I want to do. Yeah time.

Tyler Wright: So I was gonna let you finish. So feel free if you need to finish your statement. I Correct.

Denis Lelic: No, no. Good.

Tyler Wright: I'm a little slow often so correct me if I'm wrong, but one of the things that also thought would be great for that where the case studies could live. I really like that positioning is Zach said about what's possible with Akash all

Tyler Wright: I would really like what happened to gets to getting started page. I know that on the current website you have this get started area and I really like these areas where you can Are you I want to deploy I want to know how people are using I want to go to the documentation. I want to become a validated you like this whole area, but then when we go to the current website

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it's not reachable.

Tyler Wright: It's not.

Denis Lelic: It's there but a couple of meetings ago, we talked about get started within the docs page.

Denis Lelic: just because I was thinking about having to get started paid the pages or flows might be confusing for the users. So if anyone is interested. They could get started go to the docs page and all of the information and all of the stuff you've mentioned would live here. So you can still become a provider deploy an app we can exchange these tiles like we can add or remove excess gpus and basically we can just add whatever we think we need to add here, but I would just like to avoid

Denis Lelic: having That all of the information doubled on two different places. but I'm opened for discussion if you think

Denis Lelic: we should have it the way it is now.

Tyler Wright: Alright, I don't know I might have missed that conversation.

Denis Lelic: 

Tyler Wright: So I apologize. I do not want to rehash it. I just not like It's not a rock. I'll die on I guess but I understand what you're saying about the duplication. I feel like maybe the structure might be slightly duplicated, but you can have different kind of tiles. if you go to the get started area and documentation, it could be about more specific things. Whereas I think case studies. and some other more general information can live on they actually get starting page, but you can get started page which you can access from the main page of the Akash website my only fear and this might be just small is I wonder if some people would be deterred by. I wonder if it's more inviting that from the homepage or seeing.

Tyler Wright: Get started and they're all right, cool. I can get started and then they can access documentation from there as opposed to. Having to click on documentation because I feel like some people might think all right. The documentation is going to be very Heavy and maybe that's not the way that they want to learn and they would prefer just to see it get started, but I don't know that might be semantics. So that was my only question..

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the way it's structured now. There's still get started call to action. But it's not taking users to a dedicated page, but it's part of the docs page for example. You get started and you're presented with everything that's presented currently get started page. It's just located within the docs. But when you click for example deploy an application. You're also presented with. Cloud nose console

Denis Lelic: just the resources. Specified just for this product. If you want to become a provider, you still have that page where we list information and resources for the predator.

Denis Lelic: So yeah.

Tyler Wright: If it's that behavior, I then strongly say that we should move it out of documentation because if I click on become a provider inside of documentation, it would be my belief that I get taken to the documentation. I could take it to the document Not a page. It's even necessarily in the documentation. not like the pre-tor page, it should take me to if I wanted to deploy be the CLI of how I'm deploy the cloudmouth. I should have all those options. That's just my two cents.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, maybe we just have to form the call to actions or the headlines differently. Maybe it's become a provider with Trader or something. But there's a couple of options for this page. we can have

Denis Lelic: the get started section but we could add different. categories and the subcategories for example It's called Essentials here, but in the new structure is Get started with your first deployment or something.

Denis Lelic: So we could just restructure this part as well, but I can have a better look to see what are the possibilities to restructure It's either.

Denis Lelic: bringing this information get started into a separate page or finding a way it works within the docs.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: click on

Denis Lelic: one thing I have still here in my notes. Zach what are your thoughts on having landing pages specified for or dedicated for different? campaigns for example we used to run these Chia campaigns for attract minors I think we could maybe do more. around that area like designing and building just a landing page specified for let's say one of the target groups and their needs.

Zach Horn: I like the idea but we're Gosh, what are the words here?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I know.

Zach Horn: We need to.

Zach Horn: Some of those Target groups are in flare andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: It's

Zach Horn: flux right now. So I think we need to first get to a solid understanding of who we want to Target and then I totally agree that we should do some landing pages. What we could do in the short term is come up with a structure for a landing page that we like, kind of a cut and paste template that we could deploy against a number of different campaigns, without any specific content and then at the point where we're ready to start targeting individual groups weekend or audiences I should say that will be ready to go. What do you think about that?

Denis Lelic: yeah, I was thinking about just having one template for All of the landing pages, so whatever we come up with. There's always there and we can just exchange the graphic. Content and it's ready to go.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I like that a lot.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I can do some research and What would serve this purpose and just put together just a quick layout and figma something to have up for discussion. But yeah, I agree first we have to specify what kind of Target groups are retargeting and then we can move on.

00:35:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, I do think it's necessary though because at the point that we want people to land, we have an audience that ing. We do need somewhere for them on the website. Probably that's targeted to their context of where they find the website and that could look a lot like a landing page for that specific group. So yeah, let's get to a template on that. Then we can go from there. I mean, I think we could have something we could move forward on, maybe by the end of the year and to see one of next year. There's just a lot of flux right now, but I agree on the template.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. nice

Denis Lelic: so any questions or any ideas anything?

Denis Lelic: George and Emmanuel Arthur andâ€¦

George Pro: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I see we have a new user here. So welcome if you Have any ideas anything you would like to discuss? You're welcome. But yeah, I see George already race his hands up, Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Georgia Tech Yes we can hear you George.

George Pro: Okay.

George Pro: Thank you very much. And I think I was checking the note and then I saw somewhere that you guys say you are going to kind of make the heroes session the new website USA anyway, a bit visualize a lot of images Tyler was comparing some other website and then we said we are going to change but when I see the one that pirate s***, you see the same thing and I don't see individual so I'm asking if Maybe we are kind of. Changed our mind and then we are going to use the more of weight than visuals.

Denis Lelic: And that's something we discussed in the last meeting there were some examples. just

Denis Lelic: we discussed if we should bring something that's working within a code. But I have another example.

Denis Lelic: you just share my screen.

Denis Lelic: The first example from the previous week you can find in Discord and the second one. I was just working on it. I think a couple of days ago, so Maybe we could highlight super cloud just towards super cloud and when a user would hover. maybe it's like

Denis Lelic: we got different fields popping up basically buttons. and everything in the background would blur so basically the user is focused on the super cloud and these are all call to actions. They're mostly dummies now, but it's just an idea I thought of so, I just put it quickly together. so users could get started view docs find out more about Akash, or we can just customize these call to actions. That's just one of the ideas and the first one you can find in the Discord.

Zach Horn: That's really cool. Wow, so are those buttons so when they pop up you can click on them andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: I yeah, you go to wherever What?

Denis Lelic: we can specify what kind of button takes a user where and

Zach Horn: I'm curious. I don't have much contacts on this how much does that slow down page need putting something like that in?

Denis Lelic: I think it depends on the code and implement.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but maybe it's something up for the discussion with phency and see what are the possibilities there.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely. I like it. Aesthetically though. It's very cool.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. Thanks, George for the question Did you wanted to say something? You can just say hi. If you don't me and don't have anything else.

Emmanuel Arthur: Yeah, yeah currently. I don't have anything specifically to talk about what I'm currently waiting for.

00:40:00

George Pro: how

Emmanuel Arthur: It is the team to make the code open source that you can see what they are written in their code base then maybe if I have anything to talk about it could be and how they are using the timing CSS. Then I will shave the feedback about them. So that's what I'm currently waiting for.

Tyler Wright: Actually Arthur to that point can you put a message in the website working group asking for access to the code base?

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Tyler Wright: From Pierce and then I'll make sure it gives it to because I know it's on there, their GitHub, but if you need access you should have access to just ask for it in a public setting and I'll make sure you get it as soon as possible.

Emmanuel Arthur: So what I was thinking of currently I can't share and back since the code is still under development. and I guess they would give us maybe why week for us to share feedback including the code base and the UI. So, when they put it out there that they are finished everything then I think I'll free to share my feedback regarding the code base and everything.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, but I think because you'll be working in the new website as well. It'd be good for you to have it as early as possible to get yourself acclimated. I think a lot of stuff is very familiar to you, but just I would just love for you to ask for Access as early as possible. And even if you hold off on questions in the short term, I just want you to be familiar as early as possible.

Emmanuel Arthur: so I go to so

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. anything else before we

Denis Lelic: Finish it for today.

Tyler Wright: I guess as an answer to Zach's question and we can talk about this now or we could talk about this between meetings and share with peers. I think George has been taking notes and I have some notes in the background, but as we plan out the next

Tyler Wright: next couple of weeks months. I believe there is a plan session for next Thursday. That is an American holiday. So I'm not sure Zach will be there. I am planning on just keeping the meeting because we just have so much going on and it's my only meeting for the day. I think that's all right, but by next week, I would like to have the docs kind of transferred over and we can look at it. Even if they're in a rough State there's a lot of questions on Where stuff should go that is perfectly. All right. I would like to figure out a little bit more about that get starting page because That I was sold on the workflow when we get started page as a call to action on the home page it lives now today and I would like to carry that over. I think the documentation page. I like the visual aspects of it but to

Tyler Wright: Have some of these tiles where you clicking them at least once or twice on documentation page and not even in the documentation, I'm not sure. I love that honestly, and then I would love to presentation to the Sig documentation so that we can get some more feedback on structure for November 28th. I think some people are out of office, but I think we need to start sharing or continue sharing the website to the Insiders in the community after that Sig documentation meeting and we might have to and this goes for me Zach anybody here. I would hope that maybe that week of only check the calendar. that week of

Tyler Wright: December 4th through the that Monday through Friday, I think it's gonna have to be an all Hands-On deck because even the content on the website is great. But there's a lot of content that these are either missing or needs to be updated because it might be old and out of date. So we're gonna have to spend I think a fair amount of time optimizing the content and maybe filling in some gaps that I can clearly see so that might be a website heavy week as we plan towards potentially having a launch for the website. Maybe that following week of the 15th. or whenever this group decides, so I just want to focus on that because I know that is a blocker for something's that Zach is thinking about and strategizing about and actually doing I would say Zach if you

Tyler Wright: wanted put anything up in the formatting that works for the current website. I would recommend you do that and then we'll either create a bounty for somebody or we'll figure out a way at the part of this revamp to make sure that it's optimized for the new website later. I don't think I should be your priority to do it twice, but it shouldn't be a blocker for the kind of work that you're doing. I I became kind of put that in the Discord so everybody can kind of think about it at a high level, but I want to start thinking about and start working towards some actual timelines and Milestone goals so that we can deliver this website. It's officially as possible. Go ahead George.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: George you might be unmute you had your hand up. I'm not sure if you're trying to talk.

George Pro: Okay, and this a bit outside website by I want to ask questions. I think when I was doing some good I saw somewhere that Really also need some people to kind of contribute in terms of design. So I'm asking if the opportunity is to deliver by we can kind of work with you and this person that I want to be is he's not a junior but it's no really deep like Denis bum sure. He can contribute and then he said he needs somewhere to kind of continue in terms of design he said designer, so I'm asking if there's opportunities therefore. For him to kind of support they need in terms of design.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. There is but it's more part of Sig design discussion. So maybe you just invite this person to join our next Sig design or reach out on Discord and I can arrange a separate call and discuss everything that's

Denis Lelic: that recurrently need or this plant in the future for we talked about a bunch of things during the Sig design in our previous meeting

Denis Lelic: Merge design, for example, there were some other ideas. So yeah, just let this person know.

Denis Lelic: I'm available on Discord. And of course on Sig design meetings. Yeah, I thanks for the.

Denis Lelic: for that information, I do agree. We need to kind of be aligned with the content and everything. That's

Denis Lelic: in the website revamp, so I know I personally have to do a bunch of Graphics as well. Currently there are a couple of just placeholders. I have to redesign some of the graphics. So I'll make sure that finalized in the next week two weeks so beers can just Bring that up.

Zach Horn: as for the content on the website, I know there are things that we need To get sorted sooner than later A lot of this though, including some of the headline copy. I'm going to see is more punch up than something that needs to be delivered sooner than that. So I think today's Point like we're gonna have a crunch week, call it a week before we plan to launch this where we'll just have to go in and kind of punch up everything that needs to be changed in the last minute. So some of these things I am holding off on but let me know Denis if there's anything like in the immediate call of the next couple weeks that you need in terms of content. let's go from there.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Sounds good. I see Alani just joined. So we just have to give him a big shout out. Thanks for joining. I think it's your first time here, but for others that are not aware alani's like the Akash OG as Tyler would say

Alani Kuye: Denis good to see you Hello, everyone Zach.

Denis Lelic: Hey.

Alani Kuye: Hi, great to see you.

Zach Horn: Hey Alani.

Alani Kuye: Go always excited to be, having a chat with you guys.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we were just discussing a couple of things about the website. So. Anytime you have time. You're welcome to join.

Denis Lelic: We're working currently on the Website revamp, it's pretty much done. We're just focusing more on content now and making sure everything's polished running smoothly. but you can have a look. I think there is a link. and the chat section are not sure if you can see it, but here is again, so there was a team.

00:50:00

Alani Kuye: Yes.

Denis Lelic: I think it's called human HQ. They were granted the governance proposal to redesign and

Denis Lelic: make a better experience on the website. So for the last couple of weeks there have been working on it and they basically put it together. Everything is functional almost but yeah, we have a couple of weeks still to make sure.

Denis Lelic: It's running as good as possible. So. Yeah.

Alani Kuye: That's awesome. Thanks for sharing that I'm going to poke around.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. Yeah, any questions Alani from your side?

Alani Kuye: No, not at all. I'm in the site just from first glance. It looks nice. And please I can help. just how to reach me and I'm gonna start joining this meetings going forward when I can.

Denis Lelic: It sounds great. You'll be a great addition to this working group.

Alani Kuye: appreciate

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but for now we're Almost running out of time. So if anyone's Has anything else to share ask please free? Otherwise, we can wrap it up today for today and we'll see each other next week.

Denis Lelic: Same time same place.

Alani Kuye: All right. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.

Tyler Wright: right

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Take care.

Meeting ended after 00:52:05 ðŸ‘‹

