# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #18

## Agenda
- Website Revamp Progress
- Discussion on Website Revamp:
  -  Docs 2.0 integration  and structure.
  -  Developer Documentation integration and structure. 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Monday, November 27, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Piyush Choudhary
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes

### Website Revamp Progress Update 
- Piyush highlighted the functionality of "Update Post" buttons in every section, allowing direct access to the associated markdown file for making updates.
- This feature streamlines the process of editing content by eliminating the need to navigate through the repository on Github.

#### Piyush Choudhary
##### Docs 2.0
- Piyush shared a link for accessing updates related to the docs page, which is currently in progress.
- Emphasized that the provided link is the main one for tracking updates, and the docs page will be pushed to it once completed.
- Docs page structure follows the design plans, featuring a home page with tiles linked to various content, and a tree structure for navigation.
- Showcased a preview of the docs page, highlighting the content in the center, a display section on the right, and navigation buttons at the bottom.
- Anticipated completion of the docs page by tomorrow, with plans to push the complete update.
- Introduced the T structure implemented for Docs 2.0, encouraging individuals and committee members to contribute to it.
- Emphasized the importance of following the tree structure for consistency and ease of navigation.
- Piyush mentioned that he will try to push the docs by the morning, and in the meantime, participants can access it through a provided link.
- Piyush shared that he has guidelines ready for community members regarding documentation.

##### Development Page
- Previously, the development page had only one option - overview.
- In the last meeting, jump links were discussed and have now been implemented for easy navigation within the page.
- Current groups are now represented as cards, making it easy to add and manage new cards, such as adding "sig documentation."
- Clicking on a card opens up an overview of the respective group.
- Highlighted the improved management ecosystem for user groups, allowing easy contribution and updates through markdown files.

##### Pricing and Network Activity Page
- Pricing page design has been updated, providing a general comparison overview.
- Users can access custom calculations for more specific pricing details, with calculations dynamically generated from Cloudmos APIs.
- Mentioned the ongoing development of the network activity page.
- Focus on refining the docs page, development page, and network activity page, which are considered the most functional parts.
- Future steps involve addressing minor UI issues and responsiveness, followed by updates to textual content, such as testimonials.

### Providing feedback on completed pages.
- Denis expressed appreciation for the integration of docs into the main page.
- Inquired about completed pages where feedback could be provided.
- Piyush mentioned that the homepage is considered complete and open for feedback.
- Piyush Confirmed that the Community page is complete and open for feedback.

### Verification in the PR Process for Communinity Contributions
- Community contributions are managed through markdown files, with guidelines provided for contributors to add details such as thumbnail image, tag, author name, title, description, and date.
- Tyler expressed appreciation for the ability of community members to add their projects independently, eliminating the need to contact core team members for additions.
- Tyler Suggested the addition of a verification process, potentially in the README of the PR, to ensure the accuracy of information.
- Tyler highlighted the importance of a verification process from an operational standpoint to confirm that projects mentioned in PRs are actually deployed on Akash.
- Piyush confirmed the existence of clear guidelines in the README for PR creation, including a specific format and predefined questions for users to answer.
- Piyush Mentioned the review process, where the core team can assess PRs, provide feedback, and either merge or close them based on adherence to guidelines.


### Completed Pages
- Piyush confirmed that the homepage, ecosystem page, and Community page are functionally complete, with minor UI issues to be addressed.
- Mentioned that the blog page is also complete, with minor issues related to descriptions to be fixed in the next few days.
- Updates on Docs, About, and Token pages are in progress, with UI changes being worked on for the network activity page.
- Zach jotted down the information and asked about the best place to pass new copy for these pages.
- Piyush suggested using Figma for collaboration on copy changes, considering ongoing restructuring and development in the repository.
- Piyush acknowledged the possibility of adding Zach to the repository but advised against it due to the dynamic nature of ongoing changes.
- Suggested alternatives like a Google Sheet for initial copy changes.
- Zach acknowledged the instructions and clarified that he would pass the copy updates to Denis for design integration.

### Explorers on the Website 
- Denis proposed adding a link to explorers on the website, considering it could be part of the network or another relevant section.
- Scott agreed, noting that providing easy access to explorer links is helpful for users familiar with blockchains.
- Piyush suggested placing explorer links on the token page.
- Denis considered either the token page or the network activity page as suitable locations for explorer links.
- Piyush confirmed that adding explorer links would involve a button redirecting to an external page.
- Denis agreed to add the explorer links to the design and tag Piyush for coordination.

### Participation in the Sig Documentation Call
- Tyler informed the team about the Sig documentation call tomorrow, emphasizing the importance of participation. The call will cover the structure and formatting of documentation.
- Tyler outlined that the first part of the conversation will focus on the structure of documentation, and the second part will cover formatting.
- Piyush mentioned that he had already brought up the guidelines for documentation in the current call. He stressed the importance of not altering the tree structure and mentioned that documentation should be simple and easy for new users to navigate.
- Piyush expressed his intention to participate in the Sig documentation call and provide the mentioned guidelines to ensure consistency in the documentation structure.

### Documentation Structure
- Tyler provided context about previous decisions on documentation structure. 
- Tyler highlighted that the community had previously preferred the step-by-step format over a long continuous page.
- Piyush demonstrated the current structure where the left side shows markdown files, and the right side displays the content of the selected file. The right side also allows quick navigation to specific sections.
- Tyler expressed concerns about potential pushback from the community, as some might prefer a step-by-step approach for certain instructions.
- Piyush reassured that the current format is flexible and can accommodate subsections, allowing for step-by-step instructions if needed. Proper guidelines will be shared to maintain consistency.
- Piyush emphasized the importance of following standards while creating content and expressed confidence that community members will adapt to the guidelines

### Developer Documentation
- Tyler highlighted the importance of incorporating developer documentation on the docs home page, considering the need for contributions to the code base in 2024.
- He suggested having a link in the tile section on the docs home page and a secondary menu, possibly above the support section.
- Piyush shared the plan to have two options for users: one for regular user documentation and another for engineering notes, focusing on the technical aspects of contributing to the code base.
- The proposed solution involves a tab switch between user and engineering notes, where the content and tree structures change based on the selected option.
- Zach expressed concern about having multiple trees for different documentation types (user and developer), as it might increase complexity and confusion for users.
- Piyush proposed having a separate tile for "Engineering Notes" instead of tabs, which would change the tree and structure when clicked, keeping it distinct from the regular user documentation.
- Zach emphasized not prioritizing one segment of the user group over another, as both deployers and technical contributors are crucial for the network.
- Tyler highlighted the importance of providing engineering documentation for contributors, such as developers building on top of Akash, and proposed an "Engineering" tile to distinguish this content.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of maintaining a distinction between user-friendly documentation and more technical engineering notes.
- Tyler proposed having both menus live, with a separate "Engineering Notes" section below the main tree.
- Zach suggested consolidating all technical documentation under a top-level header, such as "Advanced Setup" or "Advanced Engineering," and having a tile that jumps to that section.
- Zach expressed concerns about potential confusion when referring to either the Akash documentation or the engineering documentation, suggesting it would be simpler to have a unified Akash docs tree.
- Zach indicated a preference for a unified tree and expressed a willingness to discuss further, either offline or during the Sig docs meeting.
- Zach requested feedback from Denis on whether to have one unified tree or two separate trees for documentation.
- Denis expressed a preference for one tree, emphasizing the challenge of prioritizing users and deciding between deployers, providers, or technical individuals.
- Piyush expressed the need to explore various options and evaluate the available choices.

## Action Items
- Group to provide feedback on the completed pages.
- Zach to initiate copy changes for the completed pages.
- Zach to aim for completing copy changes at least a week before the targeted go-live date on December 15th.
- Denis to add explorer links to the design, considering placement on either the token page or network activity page, and tag Piyush for coordination.
- Zach to prepare and share additional thoughts on the developer documentation structure, especially regarding the distinction between Akash and engineering documentation.
- Group to explore best option for documentation structure.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everyone, and welcome to today's Akash website This meeting was supposed to happen last week on Thursday, but since it was Thanksgiving. We reschedule it for today and thanks piyush for joining.

Denis Lelic: I was planning to just used today's time just for you to give us a short. Update on all of the work. you've done and your team, of course.

Denis Lelic: And then we have a couple of more different items to discuss but I suggest we start with your update if you agree, of course.

Piyush Choudhary: You so I'm sharing my screen.

Piyush Choudhary: Is my screen visible?

Denis Lelic: Yep.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, So this is the link where you can access some updates related to the docs page which are still in progress. So this is the main link where everyone will be able to see what's the current update? So once the dog piece is completely push it to the main thing. So this is the main link which can be tracked anytime with the latest from dates. But right now we have not pushed the dog's page to this link because it's still in progress and once it's completed, I guess by tomorrow, I will push the complete update so as per the plans and their designs, so dogs space looks kind of like this. We have the home page which have some tiles which we can link to some different things or website and then we have this straight which was planned by Luna's team in dogs to point or structure. So we just

Piyush Choudhary: Use the tree structure similar to what they used and also implemented the content as well that they did in their dogs to point. so if I open this link as you can see in between we have the content and at the right hand side we have on display section and we will also have the buttons at the bottom. so people able to navigate through these pages of course and also there's some for now just ignore the phone sizing horn sizing will be similar to the left hand side. So it will look more symmetric.

Piyush Choudhary: So right now this is what the T structure of dogs 2.0 that we implemented and accordingly I guess some individuals or some committee members plans to contribute to the dogs 2.0. So what they can do is they should follow this tree structure for example in getting started. These four options will be available and accordingly. The content will be Give me two minutes.

Piyush Choudhary: So the new members can follow this tree structure. and I guess steering committee also grade on this tree structure. So the main Aim of this structure is that to combine things up? for example, if I'm a new user my first I want to deploy something on Akash quickly. So this is what this should only be the file that the user should be looking onto and he should be able to successfully Go through this. Page and should be able to deploy example development here. We can give some example of cloud most or something. So accordingly the content can be planned. So this was about the docs page and at the top we can go to the home page. So it looks like a dedicated page which is also good because dogs is a completely

Piyush Choudhary: Important aspect of every ecosystem so we kept the design like this and also of course Denis created this design but this is a part of same Rapport. So it will be easier to manage things up. And then I was updates regarding the development page. So previously there was only one options like overview, but in our last meeting We discussed about creating the jump links. So we implemented the jump links so we can just jump onto the page through this and then we have the current groups. Also, these cards are very very easily available so we can add any number of cards. So let's say I want to add sick documentation. I can just go to the code add a markdown file and it will be visible. And as per the design plans if I click on to it opens up.

00:05:00

Piyush Choudhary: Them overview of let's say second light X group where we have the meeting notes Etc. And right now one tree is missing. So what will happen is right now if I go to get our slash Akash Network, right?

Piyush Choudhary: So this is the community report. So this will also become a part of this thing. So what will happen is let's say let's talk about classic chain so sick chain is one of the group which is a part of Sig group. So let's say we will have the sick chin card here when I click it opens up the sick chain with the overview which is Looking In this case this is what is basically appearing over here. And when I will click on notes, I will have a secondary tree where the meetings will be visible. So right now I have to migrate through the community rep, right, so I have to go to the meeting then I have to find it. let's say I want to see this meeting details, So all

Piyush Choudhary: the whole meeting tree will be implemented years. So if I click over here so similar to this sig have four groups. Let's say clients have for meeting notes in the meeting folder. So it will be visible over here and everything will be manageable through the markdown files in similar way that is being here. Just a folder structure will be little different. but with little guide Anyone will be able to guess the process and can contribute to the website and keep on updating to the website repo and everything will be visible on the website itself instead of going to the repository and see what are What are the links? So it's kind of a complete management ecosystem that we have built when it comes to the user groups. And I think that was the plan. The community or I guess current groups. and then

Piyush Choudhary: these are the pages that are there.

Piyush Choudhary: let's not much updates and that's secondary update is about the pricing page. So I go to the presentation page. So we updated or design. So this is a general overview is the a general comparison like this is this and if the user wants through custom calculations, you can just go to the customer calculations in the number the calculations will be here time as you can see and everything is getting pulled over from the cloud most apis and all and network activity page is also there. But then there will be some design changes as possible wind. So the network activity page is not as per Tailwind right now, but it's in the process of development. So yeah, that's update. And also as you must see the design has also got a lot of event. considering the Tailwind structures and all and hopefully

Piyush Choudhary: everything will everything is in the process and mostly we are working on to refining the docs page some work on the development page then some work on network activity page. So these are the most functional parts that are left right now then after this we will just Want to refining the minor detailings of the UI components there might be some minor issues with the uis and all responsiveness and all and then we just move on to updating the text. for example testinomials needs of date on the text what needs to be put in all so. Yeah. This is the process that you're following and will be followed throughout.

Denis Lelic: Thanks for the update. I really like how the dogs are becoming part of the page. is there

Denis Lelic: any of the pages do you think they're finished where we could maybe Provide feedback or everything is still part of the profit?

Piyush Choudhary: So for example, the homepage if this is the main link which you can follow. So for dogs page the design is not yet complete. So homepage is complete. So you can provide some feedback on the home page any issues that you are seeing right now. There is little issue in this part because if you see when the content is two line, right and here there is one line. So the things are getting shifted like it's not in line. So I will just implement the proper Heights so image Let's say this will cover excite so it will be aligned. So yeah, this is but the updates is although all the homepages it's complete if you want to give the feedback feedback and then

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Piyush Choudhary: ecosystem is also almost complete there is just a minor issue when it comes to the responsiveness. there is some margin issue. I guess when it comes to

Piyush Choudhary: say this

Piyush Choudhary: So in case of the button is getting to attached to the text, so these are some minor issues that will be addressing very soon. Once the functional part with the talks page development page and things are complete.

Piyush Choudhary: And when it comes to the Community page, it's complete. So you can also give feedbacks on the Community page as well. And this is what the community contributions so it is also written in markdowns. So we will have a guideline if someone wants to someone created a video on the YouTube and he wants to list the community contributions. You can just go on to the airport and create a folder in the markdown file. There will be three to four things will be required the name of as you can see the thumbnail image the tag. Let's say it's a video tutorial graphic or something author name the title the description and the date and after pushing the folder to the airport, it will be visible like this so we can track it over here. So

Piyush Choudhary: Result list of community contributions and then events are also coming from the markdown. So whatever the events we have we can keep on updating this. File from the markdown itself. So yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's great. I mean the way the community contributions look now is like,

Denis Lelic: I'm not gonna say it but this is a great Improvement. I see Tyler and…

Piyush Choudhary: Yes.

Denis Lelic: Huey joined, so Welcome guys if you have anything. You want to feel free Go ahead Tyler.

Tyler Wright: All right. I just want to say sorry that I'm late. I miss some of it's I missed some of the stuff about docs. I did get an update and Discord, but from what I've just seen from some of these pages that piyush just showed. I really like the ability of community members previously. Somebody would have to message a member of the core team to add their project.

Tyler Wright: I really like that. They cannot do it themselves. And then either you piyush you or somebody else can merge those PRS. I'm sorry.

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Tyler Wright: I really like that idea. The only thing that are maybe think about us adding is maybe some sort of verification as a part of the read me maybe for the pr that's just a way for us to check so that people aren't just like yeah, I'm deployed on a cast but we can't really see it. But it may not be information that will end up here on the site, but just a verification here. So I'm just thinking about from an operational standpoint if you're seeing some PRS of all these projects.

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Tyler Wright: How do you know if they're deployed on Akash or not?

Piyush Choudhary: so basically we will have the proper guidelines. So as we will be on the part of the management, so we'll be able to say all the PRS and we will have a clear guidelines in the readme if you are catering your PR, this is the guideline that needs to be followed. And this is the syntax and while creating the pr this should be a format all of title feed at project at my project and the description should be proper We can have some. predefined questions that the users have to answer and

Piyush Choudhary: like how it is related to Akash and what motivates the user to deploy or use Akash and all and after that once the pr is period we can just review and if it looks good we can just merge it otherwise because we will just comment like this is not in the scope of getting merged or this is not correct format this is not something that can be merged or added to the website and then we can just close the pr. So this is how we can manage things up. So this will of course require a complete because as you must see the community rep so the community repos also getting most to the website, right and

00:15:00

Piyush Choudhary: I mean the community report I'm talking about this report. So all can also be managed on the website. So whatever the content that is getting updated here can also be updated to the website. So let's say signal lighting groups has five meeting nodes. So the 5 meeting notes will be available like this. So users will be able to read it. So as everything became a part of the website. So it will definitely require a complete watch and we will do our best to keep a watch on every PR and give feedbacks and merge it accordingly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah Zach.

Zach Horn: So for my notes here as you were talking piyush as of now the homepage the ecosystem page and the Community page or functionality Complete because I guess I need to come back and do copy changes for all those pages. So are there any other pages that are functionality complete that I should be looking at and…

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Zach Horn: any others that are going to be done soon?

Piyush Choudhary: so basically if you see from the functionality standpoint or gosh home page is complete Community Pages complete ecosystem page is also complete just a minor UI issue is there we will fix that and log, Is also complete…

Zach Horn: Mmm

Piyush Choudhary: but there is a little cache the descriptions are not getting past properly. So we will just update those within the next few days from the functionality standpoints. It's complete and docs is in the process and then about is also complete. we are just working on some UI changes for the night for activity page. and token wait and token pages also complete if you see

Zach Horn: Got it. Okay. I just jotted all those down.

Piyush Choudhary: some yeah. Yep.

Zach Horn: So all get started on copy changes for those pages is figma the best place to pass the new copy.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, I think I can also add you to the repo but I think a chin and making any changes to the repo right now will not be a good move because still there are some restructuring and sometimes beef sometimes while developing if he finds something better. So we implement the functionalities accordingly. So for now I think either you can create a Google sheet or…

Zach Horn: Sure.

Piyush Choudhary: you can ask Denis to update it on the let's say for example If you want to add some heading here as this is all from Telvin, so I will just ask to not make any changes to the X text changes can be acceptable. for example, if you want to add a update any text here and text here you can just ask Denis and you updated and also I will need to wear the tooling these cards for example, we have deciding. So this is just a text. We can just a bit in within few seconds. we're to link all these things so proper links will be required for all these cards and for example on shaft very take and all and according so I would say. Watch this link as an link.

Piyush Choudhary: and then let's say in join the community section,…

Zach Horn: Got it, okay.

Piyush Choudhary: we have this testinomials. I will need our username to put in here the testinomial would so accordingly. I cannot take

Zach Horn: pass these copy updates

Denis Lelic: It's the same one. We've been using the whole time,…

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I believe so, whatever you drop in there. I'll go through it and make sure that your comments are part of the design.

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good. I'll try to get those in over the next week. Ideally maybe a little longer than that because I guess we're targeting December the 15th at this point. So I think ideally will probably want to copy done at least a week before we go live. So everything can settle that we can do any punch up, but that sounds good. I'll get started on that.

Denis Lelic: Yet I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Here so, when you'll have some of those guidelines ready for those that are submitting PRS. I just want to better understand the guidelines for documentation for the Community page. And then also for submitting projects of the ecosystem page,…

00:20:00

Piyush Choudhary: yeah.

Tyler Wright: when you'll have those ready for review.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically, this is its private right now. So we have some guidelines already structure in the readme file. So when we will release the website to the public, so the guideline will lower it to be there in the readme here like this.

Denis Lelic: I have a question. for healing Maybe

Denis Lelic: do you think we should add a link to explorers somewhere on the website? Currently they are not. Placed anywhere so maybe men's Could be part of the network or something.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I don't.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I think it's helpful. anyone who's familiar with blockchains, regardless of the network, you'll be looking for Explorers. So feeding that to people easily is I think it's a good idea.

Piyush Choudhary: I think we can put those on I guess token page.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Could be token or could be network activity. So piyush for you that basically means just button to external page.

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, yeah, okay.

Denis Lelic: Okay, I'll add that to design and tag you.

Piyush Choudhary: and sure

Denis Lelic: Okay, And for the home page and…

Piyush Choudhary: Okay.

Denis Lelic: the ecosystem page when Zach makes the final content or even before that I can have a look at the UI.

Piyush Choudhary: slope

Denis Lelic: For the final feedback, but so far.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, Yeah, thank you so much.

Denis Lelic: It's looking So a great job.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, and also we have to add links. I mean, I'll add them in figma and under there. I'll just tag you so

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, it will also be great. If you can also create a Google s***. For example, let's say there are links we can Define for Section the stack but if it's on fig mall, so then also find over it's

Denis Lelic: Okay, Nice anything else you want to add?

Piyush Choudhary: Mmm, so far no, just one thing and also as everything is coming from the markdown, So for every sections we have these buttons update post. So if I click on this button It will take me directly to the markdown file so I can just make update directly instead of browsing through the repo and finding where is the blog and all and also for all these pieces? Also we have the similar functionalities for example development. So we have added this page button on GitHub. So if I click this it will take me directly to this meltdown 5 or the content from where it is coming so I can make direct changes accordingly. So, that's all.

Denis Lelic: Yeah Thai

Tyler Wright: This is awesome. I don't know if y'all talked about it before some of us joined. So I apologize, but in terms of documentation, it would be great if

Tyler Wright: Piyushu and anybody else on this call can join the Sig documentation call tomorrow half that call will be about just structure of how the documentation should be for those that want to participate obviously now with being a community effort we have to have really strict guidelines on what is expected of documentation.

Denis Lelic: you are

Tyler Wright: We'll kind of outline that tomorrow, but the second part of that conversation will be around the formatting of documentation to make sure that…

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: if you have any other questions or Denis, if you have any other questions, you can ask those there should be pretty straightforward at this point. But again, if you all have any other questions, it would be great if you all can get those answer tomorrow and then we can Continue to populate the markdown file.

Piyush Choudhary: So I already mentioned in the cold today. So there's one guideline that needs to be followed by all the community members who are trying to contribute to dogs. Do not mess up with the tree, right? This is what something as you said was planned in a dogs 2.0. get started then we have concept architecture deployments right Network feature provider validators. Then we have some sections like most subsections or suburb of subsections can be added but the dogs contention should be structured or shouldn't be retaining the markdown files only in the markdown and number two guideline is to not divide the content the way it is right now on the dogs Akash dot Network there are many suburbs of sections which makes sometimes for example and Gifts of deployments.

00:25:00

Piyush Choudhary: I have a lot of subop sections. So this was eliminated by lunar streaming docks 2.0 so they should be the guidelines like for me users dogs. This is the structure like keeping things as simple as possible. For the end a new users will be the top priority and keeping less sub of sections for example here there are many trees and all so this is not expected. for example, I have to go through different files and all it should not be different files, but

Piyush Choudhary: I guess should be deploysing It's a complete merger of everything the lunar stream did so this is a structure that needs to be followed. So I will also be there in the meet tomorrow. So I'll just put in this guideline. So anyone who's contributing will have a proper understanding on how to plan things out for the tops and

Piyush Choudhary: Okay, I started you can speak.

Tyler Wright: Sorry real quick. thank you very much. I appreciate that. For context sake it was previously decided if you go back to that documentation page as it is, I think the version worth. Yeah, it was decided during those meetings. So Luna's team did create an option where instead of having all those steps which are separate pages everything kind of lives on one page you kind of have it but what they did as they did add some subsections on the right hand side so you can quickly go to maybe where you left off. I think one thing previously just for context sake right when Scott Carruthers Join, the documentation. it was in this format as you have outlined and people liked when Scott changed it to the steps. So you go to each step one by one you click on a new page people in the community like that better.

Tyler Wright: And so I think the happy medium was we would have it on all one page. You wouldn't have that many menus on the left hand side,…

Piyush Choudhary: but

Tyler Wright: but it'd be easy on the right hand side to get to the specific steps. outlined just want to make sure that that continues to be the case.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically What's Happening Here is as every docs follow. So in the left hand side, we have the markdown files that are appearing. Let's say these are texture folder and inside that we have four markdown are Akash provider container equipments and all you so if I click on the Akash node, it opens up the return whatever or things that are eaten and that mountain and on the right hand side we have on this page. So let's say I just want to jump on to block creations that is basically written on this space somewhere so I can just click it just takes me to the block creations title. So this is how the things are and should be followed. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: But I think that works perfectly in that scenario. Let's say this is another scenario where somebody's building a provider and they need to do Will it provide those step by steps or will it be Just had the things you know what I'm saying? what I'm saying is I think people in previously especially when they were following the documentation. They're knowing all right. I'm on step three and next to step four Nexus step five as opposed to just follow this long line of text.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so just keep that in the back of your mind that there might be some pushback about that tomorrow unless we can figure out a way. It sounds like you have the right menus Incorporated but maybe for some of these menus or for some specific instructions. It needs to be a step. Maybe just add it as a copy element for things that are 10 step processes to build the provider or something like that.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so basically you are seeing the copy code elements, right

00:30:00

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I think it's a very flexible. So whatever folders let's say in this case. We have get started and let's say I'm on your first deployment and if I want to create a sub-deployment subsections for this section as well, so it's possible in this case. We have a subsections for example for most of the way we have subsections. So everything is possible. So the structure is in place. Let's try we'll just share a proper guidelines on how things needs to be done because we have to follow some standards while creating the content it should not be like we can write everything here and there so it will be a step process. I was just share the proper guidelines And I hope the community members will be able to pick it up accordingly.

Tyler Wright: Okay, And sorry if I missed this, but when is the doc's link going to be available in the staging website?

Piyush Choudhary: So basically, this is the main website that is being updated. So I will try to push the docs by morning. but still if you guys want to access you all can access through this link. Yeah, for some reason I wasn't able to push it.

Denis Lelic: cool piyush if you have any questions or you need any information regarding the docs Maybe you can prepare them for tomorrow's meeting.

Piyush Choudhary: And so basically I just have the guidelines…

Denis Lelic: so we can

Piyush Choudhary: because everything is written in markdown, So this is some guidelines that the community members have to follow so it should not be random work. You should give properly planned work. So things can be merged on to the stage or the scenario right now here, so we have the option at the lab and the right we have on display sections and in the middle, we'll have the content. So this is how all the dogs stays I have explored a lot of dogs as well. So Yeah, this is just a small guideline that I will share tomorrow and rest. I will just keep a watch on things like how things proceed and I will try to assist whenever required.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: cool Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And then sorry my last chime in is have you all started to think about how we can incorporate the developer documentation? Because I think I know that's a very important for us to include someplace in the documentation side to make sure it's linked one thing that we're going to be looking for more in 2024 is people to contribute to the code base and stuff and so they need a developer documentation. And so my opinion is it should be linked have it be on the tile section on that docs home page and then also in the sidebar maybe it's like a secondary menu, maybe a line above support. But yeah, just want to put that out there Dennis Zach appears.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so basically

Tyler Wright: Just make sure you all are thinking about that.

Denis Lelic: a call to action.

Tyler Wright: No, no, so basically I think we've talked about this previously Scott has developed documentation that is focused. So it's like how to set up your environment. How do you contribute to the core code how to do The nerdy stuff so not just user documentation of how to create a deployment with Cloud most it's like and I've linked it in the chat. It's literally how do I set up an environment and set up a stand box so I can test running my changes to the code base locally, I have that validators. I have to Providers. I got to have all these things and so it's literal like I'm trying to build Cloud most if I'm trying to build a tool on top of Akash, how do I do so And so having that area.

Piyush Choudhary: Basically you're talking about the engineering notes, right?

Tyler Wright: exactly

Piyush Choudhary: So basically for that I thought I had a discussions with my team. So basically what we'll do is we will have to options here for the user one is for we can say a provider or whatever. So whenever I am on the user so the users will be open. So the user docs will be visible. And when I click on the engineering notes, so the engineering not stable will be open here and I can just browse to the content and the content will be so the design will look like this only so the tree and content will change accordingly as well the user or engineering notes, whatever that is being selected.

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, are you talking about a tab switch?

Piyush Choudhary: yep, so basically Yeah,…

Denis Lelic: between users and

Piyush Choudhary: so basically there are two dogs, right so for the user one is for let's say provider or whatever or we can call it a engineering notes so we can just switch through these two options so this is for the users like me and the second one is called the developers who wants to contribute to the code base of Akash core components as Tyler said so just the content that is being changed so the tree and the content is being changed the structures In the same as it is.

Zach Horn: That's what I want to dive in on.

Denis Lelic: no.

Zach Horn: So, could you go back to the docs real quick?

Zach Horn: When you're in the tab that you're talking about when you switch from user to developer is the tree that you can see there currently going to change or you're talking about more of a jump link to how would you say jump you to a place in that tree that we're looking at currently.

Piyush Choudhary: No, no, so the whole tree will change because engineering notes talks I guess is completely a different thing. So it's a totally different content different tree. So the whole tree will change and accordingly effect. Let's say this is a first holder of that tree if I click on this the content will appear like this.

Zach Horn: I might push back on that just a little bit because I do feel that we would be multiplying the complexity of the docs…

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah.

Zach Horn: if we have multiple different trees. From a user standpoint.

Piyush Choudhary: remember

Zach Horn: I know that we do have different user bases, but I feel pretty strongly that if we have multiple versions of the docs that's gonna be much more confusing for people to navigate…

Piyush Choudhary: but

Zach Horn: but I'd be curious what the rest of this group thinks about that.

Piyush Choudhary: so basically what we can do is as the engineering notes is more about the core components and it's not basically targeting the general users. We can have a tile here which engineering notes when I click the engineering notes the tree and structure will change accordingly instead of tabs here.

Zach Horn: Right, okay. That makes sense. and it's a bit of a semantics game, but I wouldn't necessarily by regular users. I assume you're referring to deployers. I wouldn't necessarily prioritize one segment of the user group over another per se because obviously people setting up providers and doing the more technical stuff is a massive part of the network and employers are definitely a part of that. but I wouldn't necessarily put deployers over other. Groups, but I Denis entire see you guys are looking to jump in curious what you guys think.

Denis Lelic: yeah, what if we just add one additional item into the Example if its could be the last one after validators.

Piyush Choudhary: And also basically the tree is very big. So it's a completely different context completely different technical. Descriptions and also the whole tree needs to change because if we add the tree here, so what will happen is it will look like the user might get confused they might start reading the content of the engineering notes and they will think what is this? So yeah.

Zach Horn: Wouldn't that filter naturally though by the person choosing the top level category that relates to what they're trying to do. So, let's say you're a deployer and you come in and you're looking at the docs. Naturally, you're going to be scanning that top level list for things that are related to what you're trying to do. So let's say you're trying to ploy. You're probably going to click the deployments tab as opposed to somebody who's trying to set up a provider would look at the providers tab. I hear what you're saying that they're very different sets of content, but I do think the work to unify them would be really valuable to have one unified docs as opposed to multiple different docs. But tie I see your hands up. what do you think?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, I hear what you're saying. I think that there might be a little bit of a confusion. So when we think about this docs, the provider is very much part of our user base,…

Zach Horn: For sure.

Tyler Wright: you know that you have to deployer and you have the provider. So nothing really changes in the structure is here really what's changing is there's entire other side of people even as talented as some of the core teams that are building on top like the parade or…

Piyush Choudhary: he

Tyler Wright: team and most team there is a lack of understanding of how the Akash network blockchain works. And this is strictly engineering documentation that is conceptualy different, it's not even like most users won't even really be thinking about it's for a small subject that people that are looking to either build and contribute to the code base or looking to build something on top of it I get one of the sick clients groups are providers groups. I like the idea of an engineering tile on the Akash documentation,…

00:40:00

Zach Horn: Sure.

Tyler Wright: and I understand your hesitancy, but I feel My personal opinion is that both menus should live and then there should be an engineering header like engineering notes so that people that it should be below but if there are to be two separate menus, I'm all right with that because most people won't touch that engineering notes menu. They'll just stay right here in the screen that we have right here, but I'm happy to talk more about it and kind of move my fear is that some of the documentation that's Scott has written will be so technical if we put it on this page. It might confuse people getting started of that we have right now and getting started of the technical documentation is completely different. one is like you need three terminal Windows. The other is open up Cloud notes,

Zach Horn: Yeah, I've seen the other docs. I know what you're referring to. I would be more tempted to piyush whenever you have a second if you could go back to the docs. I would be tempted to put all of that documentation under a top level header in the main tree that you have here and you could call it something like Advanced setup or Advanced engineering or something like that. So it's down at the bottom. It's a little away from all of this more friendly documentation. And then what you could do is have a tile like you're saying that jumps you to that part of the tree, so it's surface at the top but there's still one unified Akash docs tree.

Piyush Choudhary: so there is one issue as Tyler said engineering notes is a completely different complex thing that the only code team members will be able to understand and so what we are doing here is we are not changing anything. We just have the tile here. So when I click on the tile the do engineering dogs is basically appearing here and as I can see the tree of engineering dogs is all very big. So if I merge it here, it will look very bad and it will look too complex to the common users all the deployers. just coming on to the docks. So we have just defining two categories, So we are just having two categories one for the user one is for the engineering notes and we just changing the tree accordingly. I suppose the users selections. So I think that would be the best choice.

Zach Horn: yeah, I completely understand what you're saying, but I'm still pushing back on the two different categories. Because I can tell you strongly annoying some of the ways that people on the core team and in a community think about this stuff. Having one unified docs is in my opinion going to be something that people are going to want to see and if we start going down the path of there's actually two sets of documentation. I just have this feeling that that's going to get very confusing and become a point of contention. what I would suggest is that we separate this Advanced content that you have here under a top level section in the main tree. I think that's the possible way to do this.

Tyler Wright: Zach I hear what you're saying, I guess my only question to you is do you think that we would have to adjust the tree as it's being shown on the screen right now or do you think from a user experience standpoint? If you have the advanced documentation on the bottom and you click it open and it goes to this big long tree people will really care.

Zach Horn: I don't.

Piyush Choudhary: e

Zach Horn: I don't think that's any different than having two different trees.

Zach Horn: You know what I'm saying? Okay, whether you click it open from an advanced tab at the bottom of this current youth quote unquote user friendly tree or…

Tyler Wright: kind of but it's just like yeah.

Zach Horn: whether it's a separate tree. it's the same content either way. I'm pushing back on the fact that when somebody says I was looking at the docs and you have to ask which That's what I'm pushing back on. It would be much more simple when you say I was looking at the Akash docs, there is only one box as opposed to. were you looking at the user docs or are you looking at the engineering Docs?

Zach Horn: Does that make sense?

Tyler Wright: Fair yeah, yeah. there that I think to solve that problem we can say are you looking at the Akash documentation or you're looking at the engineering documented, but I hear you I

00:45:00

Zach Horn: but engineering is engineering documentation not Akash documentation.

Tyler Wright: No, that'd be more like developer documentation. But again…

Zach Horn: right

Tyler Wright: if we're getting into straight up deep semantics. So I'm fine with either to be honest at this…

Zach Horn: Sure.

Tyler Wright: Is this something that we want to talk about with Sig docs tomorrow and get their opinion or is it something that we just want to make a determination on and Zach if you just want to move forward with the menu as you have described, I don't feel super strongly about it to fight it as long as it's there.

Piyush Choudhary: so basically the thing is

Zach Horn: I do actually feel pretty strongly about this. So we don't have to do this. I'm happy to discuss offline or in the docs meeting tomorrow and I can put together some thoughts around this if we want to dive into it deeper. It is semantics on some level but I do actually think it's fairly core to the design of how this is going to be going forward.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree with Zach Maybe. Everyone who is gonna attend tomorrow's meeting. can just Brainstorm a little bit. What are the options here? And I can put a design draft quickly together. So we have three to four options to discuss. And we're just gonna see…

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: what works best. But I do agree. We have to be somehow careful not to we want to guide users so we don't want to throw stuff at Adam

Piyush Choudhary: so my only point is the engineering mode is more about a very high core level Engineers for working on to Akash as private side.

Denis Lelic: Go ahead.

Piyush Choudhary: It is for cloud mode. operator or someone so It is not basically frequently required by the users. it should not be accessible. if we merge it here like this tree, so this will tree become a very big and it will confuse the users as I said, so that's why and also these two dogs are completely different thing when it's called the users and one is for the basically core level Engineers. So that's why we are just finding the categories nice. So this is how the homepage will look this is how the table with visible and for now what we can just create tile.

Piyush Choudhary: With engineering notes and when I click on the title, the tree changes and the content appears from the engineering notes and…

Tyler Wright: I appears.

Piyush Choudhary: once the engineering.

Zach Horn: Huge I completely understand…

Zach Horn: what you're saying totally on the same page on that as to what the plan that you're putting for it is but I still disagree in several points. So just to keep it productive. I'll put some thoughts around what's impossible versions of this are and then as Dennis said we can decide how we want to move forward with that just really quick.

Tyler Wright: And yeah.

Tyler Wright: that

Zach Horn: While we're on this point Denis, do you come down in one sentence? Where do you come down? As to whether it should be one tree or…

Denis Lelic: I'm a fan of One Tree just because

Zach Horn: two trees. What do you think?

Piyush Choudhary: potential

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I don't want to dig the information deeper or Putting it behind a curtain. It's hard to tell what even like.

Denis Lelic: Prioritize users. Who do we want to address first deployers providers or technical people who are willing to dig deeper.

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, let's just see what are the options out there and…

Tyler Wright: Quick question for everybody here.

Denis Lelic: we can discuss in. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And Zach at least we agree. And again, I don't feel super strongly about this do at least that there should be a tile into the cash documentation at sdl tile. That is at least a link to the engineering documentation. I'm not saying what the side menu looks like or anything like that. I'm just talking about the tile is that would be agree on that so that can be made or no. Okay, okay.

Zach Horn: And we've accidentally stumbled upon a hot button issue. It would appear this is just my opinion, but the way I think about it is. There is the Akash documentation and that is a tree of content.

Zach Horn: In my opinion, it should be one single tree. Thus that if you literally had a plain text version of it, it would just be one big document and what the website is doing is making it easier to navigate and what these tiles are doing are jumping you to different places within the documentation by surfacing them at the top of the page. So absolutely if there's an advanced section of the documentation that is for core deep level engineering that's very very Advanced we can still put a tile up at the top that calls to those people that says hey, do you want to contribute at the core level of the network on the most advanced features or whatever they could click that tile and then be jumped to that part of the documentation and then if you're a user I really need to get up and saying user because I don't necessarily think of users as a separate group than any of the people were talking about here. But if you're a deployer.

00:50:00

Zach Horn: You can jump right to the easier documentation. here's cloudmouse. Here's how you set up a talk a deployment Etc.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so Pierce, I think that I would do nothing else except for make that tile in advance of tomorrow's conversation. I'll put something in Sig documentation. So let folks know this will be something talked about and we can figure out a solution worst case scenario. We just have to move the markdowns into the docs repo that we already had and figure out how to reorganize them. so I think that'll be just fine, but yeah, I like this discussion. So I think it's worth talking about more. I have a hard stop in four minutes. Otherwise, I would talk about

Piyush Choudhary: and so basically what we can do is if something's not get ready by the new members so we can just migrate on the official documentation as it is to the docs. and later on when things get ready we can just keep on updating it accordingly.

Tyler Wright: Code. Do you know how long would it take you to move the markdown files to the interchange. It's a days effort and hours effort or a week's effort just so I can think about it from a operation standpoint.

Piyush Choudhary: So I just have to look like the folder structure and then I will just check in. How can

Tyler Wright: What about the engineering documentation? Is that you can merge that over at the tree as it is right now into the current repo if we need to in a day is it the migration effort like a week? I that's the part. I'm just trying to understand how long would that effort take you…

Piyush Choudhary: 

Tyler Wright: if you're not changing any menus and you're just moving the markdown file from one folder to another.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically I have to plan things out from the functional standpoints as the new folders are getting added. I have to keep on updating the functions as well behind the scenes. So things gets reflected properly with proper functions. So engineering notes will require a proper planning because still things are not clear how we are trying to do that. So for now, I can't say anything but I just have to explore the first I will have to know how the things needs to be most and accordingly. I will have to plan things out.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good.

Piyush Choudhary: for example, the doc's page as you are seeing right now here we created the whole functions as you can see where we can keep on updating adding folders on the space sections how the contents get reflected. So as you must have seen I'm for the past two weeks. I was just keep on saying we are working on the docs so it took us around. Two weeks of brainstorming and then the functions and incrementations and all so according to things In the process and one of the things are pretty clear how the things needs we added with engineering notes. I can just say and this is how many days it will take to get reflected on the website.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: then I'll see you all tomorrow at 6 documentation.

Piyush Choudhary: sure

Denis Lelic: Anyone who has time, Join tomorrow's Sig dog's meeting where we can continue this discussion and thanks again for everyone who joined today's. website meeting and I'll see you not next week but on Thursday. Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: Thank you. Bye everybody.

Zach Horn: thanks guys take

Scott Hewitson: Thanks, everyone.

Tyler Wright: thank

Piyush Choudhary: that

Meeting ended after 00:54:45 👋

