# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #19
## Agenda
- Website Revamp Progress
- Discussion on Website Revamp:
  -  Updates on Stats Page.
  -  Documentation structure.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, November 30, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ljuj3z4qnrttv4kg3z5owik37rofcpakeuwvmpqbiesastrh2coq.arweave.net/Wmid55BsZzrxRt566yFb_FxRPAolLVY-AUEkCU4n0J0)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Piyush Choudhary
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Hewitson
- Thomas Greco
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes

### Documentation Design Options
#### Denis Lelic:
- Previous meeting focused on documentation structure and docs UX.
- Prepared a few options to address this issue.
- Denis Lelic presents options for handling documentation navigation.
- Option 1: Additional navbar similar to how other platforms like Versel handle complex documentation.
  - Denis emphasizes the importance of future scalability without causing issues.
  - Proposes having a dedicated home page for documentation and a separate menu for related topics like engineering notes.
- Option 2: Labels above menu items, similar to YouTube's profile navigation.
  - Denis highlights the usability of labels as anchors for users, making navigation easier.
- Option 3: Labels and groups, with clicks leading to a new page for specific items.
  - Denis notes the advantage of providing a clear overview of items within each group.
  - Acknowledges that this approach might be more suitable for projects with a large number of lengthy items.

### Discussion on Documentation Design Options:
- Piyush expresses preference for the second option due to the simplicity of Akash's structure, suggesting it's more suitable for a maximum of two or three options.
- Zach supports the second option, finding it more organized and efficient for user navigation.
- Zach mentions a slight inclination toward the third option but agrees that further exploration may be needed.
- Tyler appreciates the discussion and suggests setting up a dedicated session for a detailed decision-making process.
- Tyler proposes exploring both options further but deferring the final decision to a later, more extended session.
- Denis emphasizes the importance of having a deeper discussion without necessarily making a decision today.
- Suggests that Piyush explores the technical difficulties and implications of implementing options two or three before the next meeting.
- Piyush stresses the urgency to finalize the decision due to time constraints and explains that option two is more feasible both technically and from a UX standpoint.
- Denis inquires about the potential delay if option three is chosen, and Piyush acknowledges that it might lead to missing the deadline.
- Zach raises the point of setting up for the future and not rushing decisions that could be suboptimal in the long term.
- Tyler agrees with the need for a timely decision but suggests deferring the final decision to a dedicated session on Monday or Tuesday.
- Thomas Greco proposes discussing development-related questions offline, specifically about setting up the IDE and development processes.
- Zach Horn acknowledges Thomas's point about improving clarity in certain sections within the docs from a development perspective.
- Zach Proposes taking the development-related discussion to the Sig docs meeting and suggests discussing it further outside the meeting.

### Discussion on Hero Section:
- Denis Lelic brings up the previous discussion on the hero section, noting community feedback that it doesn't look as great as some others.
- Shares the idea of highlighting the "Super Cloud" and presenting different call-to-action items when users hover over it.
- Denis mentions it's currently a dummy concept and not planned for the first set of updates but could be considered later for a fresh and engaging touch.
- Zach expresses liking the idea, especially considering the site's cleanliness and text-heavy nature.
- Denis adds the possibility of adding interactive elements tied to mouse movement for a more engaging experience.
- Zach Horn approves of the concept and mentions the potential for experimenting with motion in the future.

### Updates on Stats Page ( Website 2.0 )
- Denis informs Piyush that Max from Team Cloudmos is working on the Stats page, and UI refinements will be handled by Max as well.
- Piyush confirms that he has updated the UI structure for the Stats page and will stop further work on it as Max is taking over.
- Denis Lelic clarifies that Max has already started working on the Stats page to avoid duplicating efforts.
- Piyush agrees and mentions that adding a button to the website to link to the Stats page will be a straightforward task.
- Specific details on reaching the page will be communicated by Denis after his next meeting.
- Denis Lelic confirms that the Pricing and Provider pages will remain as they are, and no changes are needed.
- Piyush asks about the subsections on the network activity about section, and Denis assures him that he will provide more information after his next meeting.

## Action Items:
- Group to Consider organizing a dedicated working group session next week to finalize the design direction.
- Zach to bring up the development-related points in the Sig docs meeting for further discussion.
- Group to consider implementing the discussed changes to the hero section in future updates.
- Denis Lelic to provide information on how users will reach the "Stats" page from the website.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's. Akash website working group meeting As usual we meet on a weekly basis every Thursday. Where we discuss all the good stuff around the website piyush and his team are doing some great work and there have been implementing the designs and helping us out to make the whole website experience.

Denis Lelic: Better in general. So I suggest we just start where we left and our previous meeting. We had a great discussion around documentation and docs so there was

Denis Lelic: We were scratching our heads a little bit trying to figure out how to solve. And communicate to documentation at the same time without misguiding the users or throwing at them too much information. So I just Put together a couple of options.

Denis Lelic: I'm just gonna show I'm quickly. So I can hear your thoughts.

Denis Lelic: Can you see my screen?

Zach Horn: Yes.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool, so one option would be to have additional. navbar

Denis Lelic: I just had a look and do some research how others do it. For example verse hell has a really complex documentation with basically, they filled the whole. Line here with menu items and this one as well. So it's like a lot of happening there, but I was just thinking And looking for a solution that's going to help us in the future. So whatever we do now. I hope it's not gonna Screw us later on if we want to add or change something. So I like this approach because it gives us space to experiment later on if you want to add new.

Denis Lelic: Subdocs, if I can call them that way and the way it would work so we have one home page for the documentation and basically what we have now and the other menu would just go like engineering notes or something.

Denis Lelic: And of course In case the product rows the network grows. I just like the option to have that space where we can just build on. I'm just gonna go quickly through other options and then we can go back and I'm gonna leave it up to you guys for discussion. this option is something like for example, if you have a look at the YouTube and you go to your profile it has these labels above all of these menu items. So the way it works is just like these labels work as some sort of anchor for users where they can just focus on these.

Denis Lelic: Touch points and it's easy to navigate. It's a bit longer.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so just mentioned Tailwind does something similar? For me personally, I know last time we discussed the docs can get longer. But when I had a look at what other projects are doing other companies are doing box are usually long and that's why the navbar is here to help. So for me personally, I don't have

Denis Lelic: A conflict where I have to scroll through this part, that would be one. So just like providing this label and some dividers. or easier navigation the next one would be also something similar, but it's still different we have labels. and groups But for example if you click on deployments, it's going to take you to a whole new page.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: all the items from the deployments page are listed here so you can just scroll down. And find them all and if you want to have something else if you want to select something else you go back and then you select something else.

Denis Lelic: the bad side of this approach is basically you can see the other items. but it kind of gives a good overview what items are in each of those groups. So I think this works best if you have a lot of long Items, for example if this would work a drop-down. And this would take the whole Space here. Then this approach would be better but I don't think at this point we don't have that much items. So yeah, I want to hear your thoughts.

Denis Lelic: Yeah piyush.

Piyush Choudhary: So after seeing all the three options, I think second item is much better because for the first item the problem is as you said there is a company which has a lot of item and they filled it up, right but in case of Akash, we can't have a lot of options we can have maximum two or three options because it's just opening up the tree off a different dots right? So I don't think that a class can have a 5 or 10.

Piyush Choudhary: Solutions are similar to the third option. It will have a ux glitch. I will not have the buttons in. Sequence I have to go to the second page andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay. I just stop your for aâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: then so

Denis Lelic: Anyone who's willing to participate in the discussion? Can you just focus on the things that you think would work and Just for the sake of time because we have to finish early today.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so I think second option is great so we can have the head category as you have mentioned and it has the tree. So I think the second option seems best.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Thanks, piyush. I know you had some opinions in our last discussion. What are your thoughts?

Zach Horn: Yeah, I like the second option here. I like the third just for full transparency. I'm not entirely following why the third option wouldn't be feasible, but we can dive into that another time. I do the second as well. I think the high level point is that we just need this to be organized in a way that people can easily follow what is in each category and then they can also filter by what they're trying to do on the network, but I think both of these accomplish that to be fully transparent. I do think the third option leans a little bit more in that direction and I also group that is this point that it set this up for the future so

Zach Horn: I would say because we have a short meeting today we can dive into whether or not that is truly feasible or isn't another time but I would say either option two or option three, it works for me and to denis' point like Purcell, is roughly towards option three I've seen, Tailwind is closer option too. So there's good prerequisites there on either side. Yeah time.

Tyler Wright: I appreciate this Denis and obviously initial feedback. My question is twofold Denis. Are you looking to make a design direction today? Otherwise what I was thinking about doing especially because we have a shorter meeting is I can set up a dedicated session like a working group for us to do next Monday or Tuesday where we can finalize this if you prefer to do that if we're still decide between two and three, maybe you want to continue to mock up two and three, but I don't make a decision today, then I'm fine with that as well.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: No, we don't have to have a decision. Today would be great if we can have Just a better deeper discussion around this topic and piyush. Maybe you can find some time today tomorrow before the induct meeting happens and to see what are the technical difficulties to implement option two or three and what would that mean?

Denis Lelic: for the progress andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: The thing is we have to finalize the decision.

Denis Lelic: stuff like that, so

Piyush Choudhary: Because the time is too short and also as we are implementing so from the technical standpoint number two option is much more physical and also from the US standpoints as well. The number two option is much more physical because right now we can have the categories in the last meet as Jack said he wants to combine both dogs and should not have a separate columns and all so as per the last thoughts and two days discussions. I think number two option is much more physical in case of implementations and trees and the technical details that we have to look so far and I think we should not delay all this articles for a week or so because let's say we delays this isn't for a week. It will just mess up the timeline and we might not be able to make it as per the plants.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so you Maybe just a rough estimate. In case we go for option three. And what would that mean? is that three weeks later.

Piyush Choudhary: so on number two options Yeah.

Denis Lelic: You don't have to answer take your time and you can always DM us and tell us if you want to go with this option.

Denis Lelic: it will mean we're gonna miss the deadline. We're set up. so

Denis Lelic: yeah.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Zach Horn: I would say The other thing on the table here is that we want to set ourselves up for the future. So as we're thinking about how we're going to organize this documentation going forward. I understand the need to hit the timelines that we set out. But we also in my opinion don't want to make any Rush decisions that are going to set us up in a suboptimal place going forward. So again, not something we need to discuss them too much detail right now, but that is definitely where my mind is for the moment.

Tyler Wright: yeah, I would agree with that. I would say we won't wait a week. I Look to have that conversation except that meeting for Monday or Tuesday and during that time we can make a final decision. Everybody can make sure that they're prepared with all arguments and we can just like a final answer that point. I have to imagine that there's other things related to the website where energy can be transferred and maybe we should just talk about those things that we don't have maybe 13 minutes left.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool anyone has any thoughts About the dogs and everything or we talked about.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, I know.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Thomas Greco: I think everything hey,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Hey Thomas, go ahead.

Thomas Greco: how are you? I'm just kind of taking it all in but I think everything looks good. And then yeah, I think using virtual as a base mark as I could really. Just kind of good approach. because they're docs are showing depth and they cover such a wide range of use cases like Akash, so Good call there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks Thomas. I agree. because Honestly, you can't really tell since akashi's open source how he's gonna develop we're probably gonna see different use cases. So it's hard to predict where the product will go and how to dogs will. develop but when I was looking for a solution, I was just thinking about having this freedom in space to add different things or change and it's not going to mean hey, we have to redesign the doc. So yeah. but

00:15:00

Thomas Greco: Yes, I can ask offline too by yourself some questions about setting up this I did development and everything.

Thomas Greco: Just because it really shouldn't be. difficult at all to add and another section or subset section and A subsection within a section, example Yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Thomas Greco: we can take that offline. I don't know.

Denis Lelic: yeah, but piyush andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: yes, it's like a book.

Denis Lelic: his team One sec piyush just to clarify Peterson. His team are working on the whole website revamp. So they have a lot of work to do.

Denis Lelic: Throughout the whole website. So of course dogs are part of it. but we want to make sure everything else is done properly So yeah, piyush you wanted to say something.

Piyush Choudhary: I guess so once we Define the section so it's just get book only so we can just add the folders and then add the Magnum file. So it's not like changing the design initially. We have to find the structures like how we should look All right. So as you are developing everything from scratch, so the whole process the workflow like how the things will be passed in the front and all right. So it's a very smooth process one things are being finalized. It is just like a proper management tool where you can just add the Magnum files and folders. So The discussion is more about how it should look how the functionality should be and then for adding more content. It's just like updating them out on files in the

Thomas Greco: Yeah, cool.

Zach Horn: Yeah, let me jump in real quick because I do Thomas. that's a good point. There's lots of little sections within the docs that I think we could make a little more clear. I think that's more where you're headed with the development point, which is a good one. let's take that to the Sig docs meeting and let's chat about it offline as well because I don't want to lose that point because it is a good one. But yeah, it's a denis' point. this is more website design for the moment.

Thomas Greco: All right. Awesome.

Denis Lelic: Piyush I think There was one discussion around the hero section.

Denis Lelic: For a couple of community members mentioned the hero section is not looking.

Denis Lelic: Sexy as some of the other hero sections, so I was just thinking about it and I think you missed that meeting you were away. And I'm just going to share quickly here. What came out of that meeting?

Denis Lelic: So one idea was to highlight the super cloud and when users would hover we could present them with different call to actions something relevant for now. It's just dummy. And we can kind of blur out the rest of the words. I'm not sure if you've seen that and I'm not planning to. Make this in the first Set of updates. So maybe later on we can find something. Cool fresh to spice up this hero section.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I like that a lot, especially because the site is so clean and text Heavy. It would be nice to have maybe one feature thing. That's a little more engaging. what's the ux when you like Mouse over it anytime the user mouses over super cloud. It kind of highlights. It blurs out the background and it pops up those little labels.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we could also like a string it's to the mouse movement. So the Good interact with these so there's some movement around here. So if you want to have a front-end party and experiment with motion later on you can try of course.

00:20:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's cool looks good.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: Honestly, I thought discussion is going to take longer. So as a bit in a hurry, but now I see I still have some couple of minutes of time. So anything else? You guys want to discuss and Zach last time we talked about having a homepage check for the content. I'm providing some feedback from the visual point perspective andâ€¦

Zach Horn: mmm

Denis Lelic: just UI stuff, but whenever you have time drop some comments in the figma, so piyush can. update it as well.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's in progress. I'm gonna try to have the bulk of the comments by the end of the week and then it's a really next week to see if we can get everything finished up.

Denis Lelic: cool

Denis Lelic: one more update for you The stats page. I know you're already worked on it.

Denis Lelic: But both Maxes from Team cloudmouse are working on that page so you don't have to do. Any more work on it? So I know we talked about there needs to be done some UI refinements. But those will be done by. Max from cloudmouse

Denis Lelic: Is that okay?

Piyush Choudhary: On the website?

Denis Lelic: Sorry.

Denis Lelic: On the website. Yeah, so not.

Piyush Choudhary: Cloud most

Denis Lelic: network activity page or stats Page that's going to be taking care of by Max from cloudmose. So you don't have to do any more work on it.

Piyush Choudhary: so I did updated the UI. Yes for that structure so you can be seen here. So it's almost complete. So we will stop our work here. This can be taken care of by Max.

Denis Lelic: yeah, the thing is he already started working on it as well and We just want to make sure it's not duplicating the efforts. So we agreed he's gonna take care of it andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: the only information you will receive from him as how will users reach that page on the website. So we might just need to add Called stats or it's still gonna be reachable through about Akash page.

Piyush Choudhary: you okay, but

Denis Lelic: I'm gonna have that information today and a couple of minutes. So I'll let you know.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, and as Tyler mentioned in this chat section, it's gonna be called stats t network. We just have to only figure out how user users will reach that page from.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so for that case as you said about most I mean Max is already working on it. So we just have to add a button in the now and just have to add a link so it's not that work so we can always add any type of buttons so we just can say and stats and whenever someone who started takes time to the start of course.net.

Denis Lelic: cool Sounds good.

Piyush Choudhary: So the stats that is there on the network activity about section. Is it required or they will have to remove it.

Denis Lelic: I will provide that information today after my next meeting.

Piyush Choudhary: And what about the pricing page?

Denis Lelic: The pricing page is going to stay as it is.

Piyush Choudhary: It's okay.

Denis Lelic: So no worries about that.

Piyush Choudhary: what about the provider page in the ecosystem?

Denis Lelic: That's gonna stay there as well. So the only thing is the stats.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I think that's fine. So we keep the work till now. So we already implemented all the things only the subsections will not implemented I think. Those can be taken care in the scratch sort of network. So. We will keep doing it all.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: Yeah a bit shorter today. I hope you guys don't mind and for unfortunately, I have a conflict, but if you want to discuss anything else without me you're free to but otherwise we'll meet next week for the working group for the docs and we can continue our discussion about the menu and everything that goes with it there.

Tyler Wright: Here. sorry, Denis Pierce and others does this time on Tuesday work for you? early Tuesday morning. â€¦

Piyush Choudhary: it works.

Zach Horn: Yeah, it works for me.

Tyler Wright: or peers like Elite in the afternoon? Who's the

Piyush Choudhary: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Okay, perfect. So I'll look this up a session for that. I just got a confirm with one more stakeholder on the core team.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. So thanks everyone for joining. I'll see you next in the next one.

Thomas Greco: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Thomas Greco: Thank you everyone. Have a good day.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Thomas Greco: All right.

Piyush Choudhary: Thank you.

Zach Horn: thanks guys take

Meeting ended after 00:26:33 ðŸ‘‹

