# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Website Revamp Progress.
- Discussion on Website Revamp:
  -  Updates on Stats Page
  -  Documentation structure
  -  Launch Timeline

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, December 07, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bmafqxmmyqqxc65uxwkpgetv4r6yzlx6g3wsfzqqahumvzo4hrmq.arweave.net/CwBYXYzEIXF7tL2U8xJ15H2Mrv427SLmEAHoyuXcPFk)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Piyush Choudhary
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- Piyush and Human HQ team leading Website revamp efforts, collaborating with core team and Akash community.
- Funding secured from the community pool in September for the revamp.
- Recent meeting with Sig documentations focused on optimizing Docs 2.0 integration and UX decisions.
- Design decisions outlined, and implementation in progress by Piyush's team.
- Denis and Zach leading website efforts in visual and written communication.

### Piyush's Updates:
- Ongoing implementation of content and UI updates.
- Discussions and decisions on Docs UX and structure implemented in the code.
- Plans to share more details next week.
- Zach inquired about pages that are essential for the launch and those that could be deprioritized.
#### Piyush's Response:
- Everything is prioritized, but there are inconsistencies in Docs content.
- Lunar's team is responsible for content, and there are incomplete states, inconsistencies, and missing components.
- Piyush's team will review official documentation and refine the content with clear directions.
- Zach mentioned contributors interested in contributing to docs and suggested a live session for guidance.
- Once the website is live, there will be a guidance session for community members on updating content.
- Creating Markdown files similar to previous methods, with some syntax considerations.
#### Organization of Tutorials:
- Piyush proposed having tutorials in a separate folder under the Docs, following the new UX.
- Contributors can create tutorials in this dedicated folder, enhancing educational resources.
- Piyush suggested discussing this organization approach as progress is made, making the community aware of the contribution process.
- Zach expressed approval of the previous discussion on tutorials and documentation organization.
### Discussion on New Website Launch Timeline:
- Tyler acknowledged the progress and raised a concern about the potential delay in the timeline.
- Mentioned the initially discussed launch date of December 15th, but noted that decisions around Docs 2.0 might have slowed the process.
#### Piyush's Response on Launch Timeline:
- Piyush suggested linking a button to the existing official documentation even if Docs is not entirely ready.
- Piyush proposed making changes behind the scenes and replacing the button once the new Docs is completed and approved.
- Suggested aiming for a perfect Docs content and UX by the end of December.
- Tyler sought confirmation that they could launch on December 15th and then transition to the new documentation later in the month.
- Piyush confirmed, stating that if everything is ready, they can launch by December 15th, but a delay until the end of the month is possible if needed.
### External Links Concerns:
- Tyler raised concerns about external links, mentioning the stats page at Akash/Network.
- Acknowledged the preference for users to have the most up-to-date documentation but recognized potential inconsistencies.
- Zach and Tyler discussed the pros and cons of pushing back the launch date.
- Zach leaned towards not delaying the launch, keeping the external link temporarily and switching it over as soon as possible.
- Piyush supported this approach and emphasized addressing inconsistencies and missing guidelines in the current Docs.
### Discussion on Contributors Guidance Sessions:
- Tyler expressed enthusiasm for the idea of guidance sessions, suggesting sessions for insiders and the public.
- Proposed waiting until the new Docs are live for a comprehensive walkthrough on contributing to various sections.
- Suggested planning the sessions at the beginning of the new year for a secure and cohesive presentation.
- Zach supported the idea, emphasizing the inclusion of walkthroughs for docs, blog content, and the Community contributors page.
- Participants expressed agreement with the proposed timing for the comprehensive walkthrough.

### Question on AI/ML Highlighting:
- Denis asked Zach if they are highlighting anything specific from AI/ML for the first launch or focusing on external links.
- Denis suggested bringing AI/ML components into the ecosystem showcase page.
- Piyush explained limitations due to different code bases and suggested linking to external pages.
- Denis proposed adding a button with an arrow to indicate external links for components like SDXL.
- Zach mentioned Mistral coming soon and suggested highlighting various model SDXLs.
- Zach proposed exploring community-developed models and blending them with their own apps.
- Recommended starting with SDXL and Mistral for the first launch.
### Discussion on Ecosystem Page Elements:
- Zach discussed exploring a new model and checking its feasibility with Julius.
- Denis mentioned the need to pick a project for the "Projects Deployed On" section from the ecosystem page.
- Zach agreed to review the existing projects and select one for the section.
- Denis suggested seeking input from the community or Akash team for the selection.
- Zach agreed to put together a shortlist and consult with Anil and Greg.
- Denis mentioned running the testimonials and impressions page by Anil, Greg, and Chang.
- Zach acknowledged, committing to adding to the list and contributing to proper population.
### Akash Edu and Community Contributions Discussion:
- Denis questioned the purpose of putting Akash Edu content behind an OmniFlex wall, expressing doubts about user payments and suggesting a discussion with Adam.
- Denis expressed the need to make some Akash Edu content more public, possibly directly on YouTube or other accessible platforms.
- Zach acknowledged the need for easily accessible content and agreed to discuss with Adam about making certain content more public.
- Piyush inquired about the difference between Akash Edu and Community Contributions on the community page.
- Zach explained that Akash Edu is a mild credentialing program with collectibles at the end to showcase completion.
- Emphasizing its structured nature compared to open and unstructured community contributions.
Community Contributions Implementation:
- Piyush explained the implementation of Akash Edu and Community Contributions on the website, detailing the structure of contribution cards.
- Piyush proposed keeping a hold on Akash Edu until directions are clear, while Community Contributions are actively implemented.
- Zach suggested looping in Adam for opinions on AkashEdu but recommended implementing it with placeholder content as major adjustments. 
- Piyush agreed to the approach and confirmed the ongoing implementation of Community Contributions.
### Dark mode Version of the Website:
- Denis inquired about the progress of the dark version of the website.
- Piyush explained that the dark version would be tackled once the light version is 100% complete.
- Clarified that dark version implementation will take around three to four days and is planned after finalizing the light mode version.
- Tyler expressed concern about having the dark mode icon present in the navbar if dark mode won't be available at launch.
- Suggested removing the dark mode icon until it's ready to avoid confusion.
- Piyush agreed to remove the dark mode icon.
#### Broken Links
- Denis brought up a note from the previous week about broken links on the current website, inquiring if this would be resolved with the publication of the new website. Piyush confirmed that the issue would be addressed.
#### Stats/Network Activity Page:
- Denis mentioned still needing information about the positioning of the Stats/Network Activity page, questioning whether it would be in the menu bar. 
- Piyush suggested having a link named "Stats" in the navbar, directing to the external link stats.akash.network.
#### Network Activity Page Implementation:
- Piyush informed Denis that the cloudmos team is working on the network activity page, which will be hosted at stats/network. 
- They discussed potential plans for linking to this page from the new website's menu.
### Other Matters Discussed
- Tyler mentioned sharing the [shop link](https://shop.akash.network/) and explained that he suggested adding a shop link to the footer under the Akash logo, alongside other social media links.
### Action items
- Piyush and his team to continue working on changes behind the scenes and aim for a perfect Docs content and UX by the end of December.
- Piyush and his team to review the entire documentation, minimizing inconsistencies and missing guidelines.
- Group agree to proceed with the launch and adjust documentation links over time.
- Group Plan to hold documentation contribution sessions for insiders and the public in the new year.
- Zach to put together a shortlist of projects for the "Projects Deployed On" section.
- Denis to seek input from the community and Akash team on project selections.
- Zack to discuss content accessibility and updates of AkashEdu with Adam.
- Group to highlight a blend of AI/ML components on ecosystem showcase page with external link.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the working group for the Akash website as mentioned. This is a weekly working group that focuses on the Akash Network website revamp. Piyush and his team human HQ have been leading efforts on the redesign of the website working closely with members of the core team as well as general Akash Community anybody that wants to participate in this working group can and has been over the past couple of months. Think about piyush's team were able to get funding from the community pool for the revamp some time around September and again have been working consistently and diligently and very closely with this working group to stay alive on design Direction deliverables.

Tyler Wright: And all things around again the website revamp, most recently. There was a meeting that just happened yesterday at the crossover between the working group Akash website and Sig documentations to make sure that docs 2.0 integration was one that was optimized and seamless there was a couple of ux decisions that were made yesterday around how things are laid out on the docs Pages as well as how engineering documentation is integrated with the Rest of the documentation for users tenants and providers and validators So again, although it'll be a recording they'll be made available shortly, but piyush and his team have the design of decisions from that meeting outlined and are starting to work on implementation.

Tyler Wright: Denis and Zach who are on this call lead much of the website effort around visual communication and then written communication as well. So I'll hand it over to Dennis to get us kicked off with this week's agenda.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, I would actually suggest if piyush share his updates any questions before we start with anything new and open any new discussions. So piyush. Go ahead. Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, so as per our previous discussions and planning so we are right now implementing that content updates around website and also the UI updates as per the situations and feedbacks that we caught on figma. So there's going on consistently and we are working on the UI changes as well the feedback as well as the content updates. So things can be tracked or live on this link. And yesterday we got a discussions or decision about

Piyush Choudhary: the discussions and decisions about a dog see you exchanges. So we'll be implementing those ux changes in the code and we'll share more dates next week.

Piyush Choudhary: and in some cases it might happen that as we are reaching the date of making website live officially there might be some things that may not be perfect. But I think we can move forward with making it live after considerations from all team members and we can continue fixing minor steps that might be missing while doing the things. That's all from my site today.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Thanks piyush. Yeah Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, quick question for you be to your point on launching the site maybe with some main features ready. but still some punch up that we need to do over time, which pages are the priority there. mean, there's the obvious ones like the homepage Community token Etc. But which Pages do you think we definitely need for the launch in which do you think could be deep prioritized?

Piyush Choudhary: everything is so prioritized but I think there might be some inconsistencies and Dogs content, especially we can implement the dog site, but the content that is being written is being done by lunar stream, so there is a lot of income State inconsistencies and missing components and it comes to the content. So me and my team will be going through the official documentation and we'll plant things out in refining the content of the talks with as of clear directions as possible.

00:05:00

Zach Horn: Got it. Okay. Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: And also once we make things live or once we make a rep of a black we will also have some guidance session for all the community members how to update contents it it's very easy. You just have to create the markdown file in similar fashion that you guys were doing in the previous and there are just some syntax that needs to be taken care of. So I was just address those once we get close to the life version of the website.

Zach Horn: That sounds great. there's a number of contributors that are looking to contribute to docs. So yeah, it would be great to have a live session where we can pull those folks in and just give them a tour, let them know

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. Iâ€¦

Zach Horn: how to contribute.

Piyush Choudhary: yeah, and also as per day yesterday discussions, I was thinking since we will have the two dogs right here. for example, I saw some of the contributors are planning to contribute and making the tutorials. So instead of making things like scattered, what we can do is it's very easy to do. It's all being part of the ux that we have made from scratch. So there will be a different folder that we can add as a category called as tutorials and inside that tutorials things will look like this only the contributors can make different kind of tutorials and we will be Ball similar to what the talks are visible right now. So I think that could be discussed as we progress and we can make aware about to the community like this is how they can contribute and add your educational resources to the docs itself in a separate.

Piyush Choudhary: Column in a separate category, of course.

Zach Horn: That sounds great.

Denis Lelic: Thai I saw your hand went up

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, Tyler you can.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, everything looks great much appreciate all the work. My question was I think originally we had talked about a timeline of potentially December 15th, which I think is a week from tomorrow. I know that this working group and some of the decisions around docs 2.0 have which are important decisions to be made but I have maybe slowed that process a little bit. Have you thought about a potential timeline that makes sense for you and your team to launch the site?

Piyush Choudhary: So what even if the dogs is not completely ready or if we can do is we can link this button to the official documentation that is already life on dog struck network and we can access the talks changes on this link manually and whatever and we can keep on making the changes behind the scene and once it's completely done and approved by all the community members and for members we can just replace this button instead of taking talks about Network to slash talks. And I think as considering the ux as well as the content refinements.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. So

Piyush Choudhary: I think we can say by 25 or by end of December. We can have a perfect Dogs content as well as the US.

Tyler Wright: So I guess to that point you're saying that you would suggest if Zach and Denis feel comfortable, we can launch December 15th and then link to the old documentation and then link to the newer documentation towards the end of the month. Is thatâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Tyler Wright: what you're saying? Okay.

Piyush Choudhary: So if everything is ready, we can definitely launch by 15, but right now the lands are being made to make it launched by 15, but if something comes off like some UI ux issues or something, then we can definitely maximum. We can have a delay till end of the summer.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good. Go ahead Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I understand the logic. Of maybe pushing back a few weeks what if we launched the site with the new Doc site included andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: right

Zach Horn: then just update over time, So if we're talking about a two-week delay What do you think about just launching the new docs as they are maybe linking to the old within the new docs page just so we can launch the site with no external links. That's the only thing I'm thinking around because if we're gonna have this big website launch, I think it would be good to avoid external links if possible.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, we'll make sure that then. The things that are there return I will just check those and try to make them as less as possible and then we can launch with the current docs new dogs only and we can keep on making this changes as we progress.

00:10:00

Zach Horn: Okay, that sounds good. And yeah I see your comments. So we're gonna have external links either way, okay.

Tyler Wright: I believe the stats page is going to be stats at Akashi Network. I think that you brought up a good point about. The external links but I was just like putting that out just for contact thick. everything else I think is gonna be inside the website like ecosystem all those pages, but I think it's still gonna be stats network. That's linking out. am I only my â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's good.

Tyler Wright: sorry to cut your uncle. my only other fear is if there are some inconsistencies with a newer documentation And then much of the core team is out around the holidays. Then I prefer users to have the most up-to-date documentation, but I don't feel so strongly about that that I could like it down that Hillâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Tyler Wright: because I understand what you're saying, too.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I don't feel super strongly about it. So as we're talking this out hearing a little bit towards not pushing back the launch day because I know we do want this live and there's been so much work done already. So maybe we do just set it keep the external link and then we'll switch it over as soon as possible.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah that's what I suggested right now.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: When I open I was reading the content so there is a lot of inconsistences and also some contentious missing some guidelines are missing so it would be great. So what me and my team will be going through the whole documentation all content of dogs. What Akash dot Network and we'll make the content as a fun as possible very close to the official documentation. So I think we can keep the dogs to this link for now. And once the new docs is completely ready for the live versions We can just change or to the existing website only.

Piyush Choudhary: without external links

Zach Horn: Yep, sounds good.

Tyler Wright: I think to that point iyush. I really like the idea about having a session or maybe even a couple of sessions maybe we do something as a part of the inside or office hours for insiders. And then maybe we do a separate session that's open to the public. I love that idea. I would just say maybe in terms of timing. We wait until the documentation the new docs live so that we can do a comprehensive walk through this is how you can contribute to the blog. I can contribute to the community contributions page is that you can contribute to documentation. I suppose to having it fragmented. So maybe we do that top of the new year once everything like secure, but I love that idea.

Piyush Choudhary: sure.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's a great point because if we're gonna have a walk through for contributors, it's stocks obviously, but also also the blog and also that Community contributors page for sure because I know there's basically an equal number of folks that want to do docs and some that want to do blog content and some that are gonna publish to that Community contributor page. So doing that all in one I think is something we want to wait for.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, so we are progressing good for the UI changes as well as the content updates that are being requested. But in future we have structured the things in such a way that even non technical users who are able to update the contents. For example if someone wants to update let's say this so they don't have to go through the technical details. They can just update this text in the markdown itself.

Tyler Wright: and thenâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that sounds good.

Tyler Wright: and then the no don't question. I won't even put it on a record.

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: One thing we have to focus I think pretty much everything from the UI ux stuff is clear for piyush and his team, but for the rest of us, I think we should focus more on.

Denis Lelic: Content revision and providing links. For example, maybe I'll just share my

Piyush Choudhary: Yep soil for example in the homepage we can link this to a doc space.

Denis Lelic: yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: I mean the ecosystem page and where this will be going so these are the links updates that be you guys can plan andâ€¦

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: data so we can update things accordingly.

Denis Lelic: Maybe a question here for Zach. Can you see my screen?

Zach Horn: Okay, yeah.

Denis Lelic: So one question are we highlighting anything from AI ml stuff so sdxl and chat.

Denis Lelic: For the first launch, maybe are we just focusing on external links or? Could we bring that into the ecosystem showcase? Page which is this one, for example. where users

Piyush Choudhary: so there is a

Zach Horn: Good.

Piyush Choudhary: so there is one point we cannot bring that to the ecosystem page because if it's a working tool with a completely different code base, so we can only link that to the external links. It cannot be a part of the current website because it's a completely different texture that box with the AIML in producing the images. And if you want to just showcase how the UI looks of a sdxl that can be done. But you want to embed the sdx is sdxl UI into the current website, then it is not possible.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah, maybe we just provide a button here with that Arrow something like this which is going to indicate it's going to open a external link. But yeah, we have sdxl chat is coming. Do we have something else to highlight here Zach?

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely. So we have Mistral coming soon. It's gonna be live in the next week or so. I would say we highlight various model sdls for now. I can go through what we have currently and see what would make most sense there. But I think we do like a blend at least for the AI and L stuff is our two apps that we have developed currently and then we do a couple models and then potentially we see if we can highlight any other developments from the community. I can take a look to see what's ready today, but I think we just do a mix of those things. so if I'm looking at your screen right now, we do xdxl first, maybe mistral's the second one we could do an stxl or an sdl for.

Zach Horn: It's a good question. I mean, there's that new model that we could maybe do I can take a look and see if Julius can create that STL shortly. I guess. We just have to see if it's stock rised but Yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Zach Horn: I see what you're saying. let me take a look and just see what we have currently and I'll also knows over to you.

Denis Lelic: Thanks and maybe for this section here for projects deployed on We are all also have to I guess pick one of them from the ecosystem page So at the moment we have osmosis Chi I'm presearch but these are something I just grabbed.

Denis Lelic: so maybe can I ask someone from the community or the court team which of these would be like?

Denis Lelic: a good project to feature in this section

Zach Horn: You're looking for production products that are deployed on

Denis Lelic: yeah, basically what we have in the ecosystem page now, so That's from projects from these categories.

Zach Horn: Gotcha.

Denis Lelic: So I can ask a Neo dragon and others what their thoughts are, but I was just wondering if you have a favorite Thai Zach. You can always drop your favorite here andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, I can.

Denis Lelic: we can discuss.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. I'll put together a short list. But yeah, let's run by Neil and Greg to see what they think.

Denis Lelic: cool and the same goes for testimonials and the Impressions paid section here. We could run that by anyo and Greg as well. Maybe Chang to that's something I've already shared and Zach. I know you're aware of it. So whenever you find time, maybe just add to that list and I'll make sure I'll reach out to others. So this thing is

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: properly populated

Zach Horn: Yeah, we'll do.

Denis Lelic: And there's a bunch of this stuff throughout the website.

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: For example, the Akash edu stuff. That's something I was questioning. But I have to talk to Adam. I don't know. What's the purpose of putting this edu content behind this? omniflex wall It's not something user users gonna pay for I'm sure.

Denis Lelic: maybe it's good for collecting leads, but why not just share that on YouTube or whatever blog or Yeah, but that's another discussion to have maybe when Adam is around.

Zach Horn: Yeah to stand in for laws. I think is logic was you it's like a mild credentialing program. So it's like you go through the content you get this, collectible at the end and it just showcases that you've gone through and completed the content. So it's almost like a certificate of completion. I do agree forâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Zach Horn: what it's worth it. Maybe we should surface some more of that content outside of that system. Maybe just directly on YouTube. Maybe there's Samples that he has that we can make a little bit more public. let's chat with him and see what he thinks because I do agree that there should be some easy to access content that people can just view without going through that, but I also think he has Some reasoning why he wants it the way it is currently.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah, so basically what we have to do now is populate all of the website with Proper links and content and I've also started updating the typeforms. Not really website related stuff, but I went through the first one yesterday. I think it's

Denis Lelic: the subscription type forms

Denis Lelic: I'll just go one by one and make sure they're all up to date. With this new direction, we're set up here. Yeah piyush.

Piyush Choudhary: on community to pays what is the difference between Akash at you and Akash conribute, Community contributions

Denis Lelic: the community Okay,â€¦

Zach Horn: I'll take that one. yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: go ahead.

Zach Horn: either of us could but I'll volunteer. The community contributions are the original idea was that it was an open source platform for people to essentially they want to write a blog about Akash.

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Zach Horn: They can do that and do a PR to the repo to have that published on the site without going through our quote unquote official channels edu was waz's idea to do more of an official credentialing program around structured content. So he was going to work with Partners on the flicks was the first one where you essentially go through this, sign up process you go through the content and then you get this collectible at the end the Showcase that you gone through that content. So edu is just a structured program. The community contribution is very open and on structured.

Piyush Choudhary: If so, basically in Akash hit you and community. So the structure that works in our implementation is in permitted a Implement Akash and it will be similar to the community contributions. So in these cards. I think the title there are few details that needs to be submitted by the

Piyush Choudhary: Uses those who wants to add the card so they are five items that needs to be added. So one is the image one is the author name then the title of the contribution the description of the contribution the date and the category. So it's with the implemented here and it will be linked to the external source and if let's say we user wants to write a blog right so they can write the blog in the blog page with a community contributions tag. So it will be tagged as Community contributions and if we short list through all the community contributions blocks will be shortlisted on the Block page.

Zach Horn: Next sense. let's Loop in Adam as well because I'm sure he's gonna have some opinions on what he wants on the Akashi to you page, but we can chat with him and just circle them and see what he thinks on that. but I understand what you're saying in terms of the website structure.

Piyush Choudhary: So now I think our past schedule is added recently or a few days ago. So I'm keeping a hold on Akash at you and once directions are clear. We can Implement akashed you page for now. I'm only keeping the community contribution space. Is that fine?

00:25:00

Zach Horn: I would say we could implement it right maybe just put some placeholder content andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: 

Zach Horn: I don't think there's gonna be any major changes. It's just I think we want to Loop in Adam to see if he has any but I don't think there's going to be any Major adjustments toâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Okay.

Zach Horn: what you have here.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. Piyush. I have one question. What about the

Denis Lelic: Dark version of the website. So we have the light one here. how's that going?

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, it will be tackled. Once the light version is hundred percent Complete because we cannot implement the dog versions in parallel. when the light version is going on. We have to write the functions accordingly. So once the light version is complete and finalized we will just implement the dog versions. So the dog version implementation will take around maximum three to four days and slide version is in a presentation.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool Ty I see you share the shop link anything you want to say about it?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I just put a message to piyush above it. I was just asking in the footer of the site. Where under the Akash logo is a Twitter the GitHub the Discord and the YouTube. I was just asking I forget just put a Shop link under that in the footer for folks. I would also say in regards to the website launch I get what you're saying piyush about the

Tyler Wright: about the dark mode. If we are not going to be launching with dark mode. Then I just think that we should remove that icon just so it doesn't because it's so present on the top of the nav bar if it just remove it and we can just say we can let people know what's coming soon or for the first until it's ready. We just won't have it and all of a sudden it'll appear or something like that, but I'd rather people not click things and they just don't work if that's possible.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, I will remove the dark mode.

Denis Lelic: cool

Zach Horn: I agree with not having people click things that don't work. But when do we have a timeline for dark mode? Because I know I'll speak for some folks inside the company. They're gonna want dark mode. So do we have a timeline on one? That would be live?

Piyush Choudhary: Yes, so as I said, once the light mode is completely done. We will take around maximum three to four days to implement the dark mode.

Zach Horn: Got it. Okay. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: I guess my question there is Denis. I just go off mute. I know that we're moving into the phase where we're focusing on a lot of copy edits and that kind of stuff and fine-tuning. When do we think there will be done with the light mode just so I understand we think we'll be done by launch or do you think that will be done with the light mode and just focusing on copy Monday of next week and then dark mode may be ready by launch on the 15th. Piyush I was a question for yourself.

Piyush Choudhary: So I think we are only working on the light mode right now because there is a lot of dates that we have in our hand content link updates that there are UI ux changes as well. So I think by 15th, it's not possible to have the dark mode. We can only have the light mode for now and once everything is done with the light mode we can launch a little bit. If something goes missing we can have a plan as we approach 15, so There might be a little bit delayed into some content updates or maybe links updates, but I will try to not make those delays. So I think initial launch will be just with the light mode, but I will try to have the top mode as well.

Piyush Choudhary: if The dark mode will not be live. Then after the launch. It will take maximum three to four days to implement the dark mode for us.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: All does anyone have any objection of me adding? arm working group Akash website meeting for next Tuesday so we can start to see where we are and maybe we don't even need one Thursday, but we could just have one for next Tuesday and then maybe meet again on Thursday or Friday when we're thinking about launching and we'll make that determination on I'll add some time on Tuesday around this time. For us to have a working group session. I'll just added to the calendar.

Denis Lelic: Cool, sounds good. Yeah. Piyush. I have a couple of questions regarding the dart mode, but I'm just gonna ask those on Discord so we can chat there.

Denis Lelic: It's going through my notes quickly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I made a note last week regarding some broken links. That are happening on the current website. So probably what that's not going to be an issue when you published a new one, right?

Piyush Choudhary: yeah, that will not finish.

Denis Lelic: Okay, that's cool.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'm piyush I still owe you information about the stats or network activity page. Where it's going to be positioned, is it either menu orâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: 

Denis Lelic: the network but yeah, I still don't have that information. But as soon as I Receive it I'll let you know.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I have the information that loud most team is working on the network activity page and it will be hosted on stats start network as well last meetings, right?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's true. But I'm aware of that. But I just don't know. What are the plans. For linking that page where's the link? Is it in the menu bar? or

Piyush Choudhary: I think we can keep the link in the navbar itself where we just name it at Stats and just point to the external link starts to talk Network.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. I'll see how that works in the menu and also talk again with the team that's working on it to see what are their thoughts and plans for this.

Piyush Choudhary: also, we have the working network activity page on about which already

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah, I saw that which is great to have a backup. What about Some sort of this announcement board and pop-ups.

Denis Lelic: Can be Implement those maybe later after we launched.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, we can Implement those. as we have ww everything from scratch.

Denis Lelic: I know I was just

Piyush Choudhary: We have all the flexibilities, but sometimes what happens is when we are used as so as we are using marked on for example, sometimes we can have the limitations due to the markdown stuff. But we have all the flexibility to do anything with the website as it is being made from scratch.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's cool Zach. I'm sure you have ideas for some sort of a pop-ups orâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: but

Denis Lelic: something that we can use from marketing efforts

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely.

Denis Lelic: which is Good to know and good to have.

Zach Horn: For sure.

Denis Lelic: One thing I haven't seen on the website is this support piyush. Do you think we could have that?

Piyush Choudhary: is there just yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: for the launch

Piyush Choudhary: it's just We already have it. Just click this link. and the sharing

Denis Lelic: Cool great. Perfect.

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: And the same goes for this one if there's a dead end orâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, it's our yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: are happening.

Piyush Choudhary: it's there. You can just type in some random request and it will display. Wait, let me save it it is just running or not. Yeah, it's just playing let's say a few type in some random requests like this. I dropped in the link in the chat.

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Denis Lelic: I just saw we don't have a perfect text here now Zach I should take you. So whenever you have time.

Piyush Choudhary: but

Denis Lelic: If you could provide. one cool.

Zach Horn: Yep. there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think we pretty much covered everything for today unless there's some questions.

Denis Lelic: sounds like it's going to be a short meeting this week, but doesn't matter. I'm glad everything is

Denis Lelic: progressing well and piyush and his team are doing a great job.

Denis Lelic: cool

Denis Lelic: So if there's not any questions left or discussions we can just wrap it up for today. we're gonna talk on Discord as well.

Denis Lelic: So, thanks everyone for participating today.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Yes.

Denis Lelic: Your next week.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Take care.

Piyush Choudhary: Thank you. Thanks guys. Have a good day. Bye.

Emmanuel Arthur: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:42:00 ðŸ‘‹

