# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #22 ( Pre-launch Working Session )

## Agenda
- Discussion on Website Revamp:
  -  Updates on Stats Page
  -  Documentation structure
  -  Launch Timeline
- Progress on website revamp led by Piyush and his team from Human HQ
- Stats page development Update by Max and his team from Cloudmos

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, January 04, 2023
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- B S
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Piyush Choudhary
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
### Website Revamp Progress
- Piyush and the Human HQ team have been focusing on making the Akash Network website faster, structurally consistent with Tailwind CSS, and more robust.
- Major strides have been made in updating design elements and content.
- Shoutout to Piyush and the entire team for their dedication since mid-September.
- Content and design updates have been made by Zach and Dennis in Figma.
- Tyler acknowledges the great job done by Zach and Dennis.
- Piyush and the team have not worked on the stats page.
- Max from the Cloudmos team has been leading the effort to optimize the stats page.
- Max has integrated akashalytics into stats.network page, a resource set used by many.
### Max's Update on Stats/Network Page:
- Maxime Beauchamp provides an update on the stats/network page.
- Mention of recent updates shared in engineering syncs and products and engineering roadmap.
- Maxime has worked on small details, including SEO attributes and analytics for app usage.
- Added a feature to switch between networks, and most pages are completed.
- Responsive design details need finishing touches today before deployment.
- Maxime anticipates being able to deploy the page soon and points to the flexibility of directing it to any IP or URL.
#### Feedback and Discussion:
- Denis Lelic provides feedback, suggesting a link to the Akash website for better navigation.
- Denis emphasizes the importance of a seamless browsing experience and proposes adding a visible link for users to return to the Akash website.
- Maxime agrees and suggests discussing the placement of the link, possibly in the header.
- Tyler acknowledges Denis's feedback and suggests using a temporary solution created by Piyush until the final version is complete.
#### Testing and Deployment:
- Tyler questions Maxime about the testing plan and the deployment domain.
- Maxime plans to test on stats/Akash.network, emphasizing that nobody is currently using it, avoiding disruptions.
- Tyler supports using stats/Akash.network as a staging domain, consolidating efforts and avoiding multiple staging domains.
- Tyler expresses comfort in hosting the staging version on stats/Akash.network, given the community and team's awareness.

### Website Revamp Progress Updates
- Tyler provides the staging website (link)[https://akash.hooman.digital/] for the Akash website revamp .
- Tyler hands over to Piyush Choudhary for an update on Figma edits and the overall status.
#### Piyush's Update on Figma Edits
- Most content updates are complete, with minor details remaining, such as descriptions, expected to go live within an hour.
- Community testimonials and footer links have been joined and updated.
- Piyush shares a preview of the network activity pages and plans to remove "network activity" once stats/network goes live.
- Tyler asks if all elements from Figma outlined by Zach and Denis have been updated.
- Piyush mentions that only a few elements are left, and some updates are still pending.
#### Next Steps and GitHub Repo Naming
- Tyler introduces Andrey Arapov, who will be needed for GitHub actions during the transition to the new website repo.
- Piyush seeks guidance on naming the official Akash Network GitHub repo for the website revamp.
- Tyler suggests naming it "website" and renaming the current repo to "website archive" to avoid confusion.
- Andrey supports the idea of renaming after clarity to avoid contributions to the old repo.
#### GitHub Repository Transition
- Andrey prefers the new repo to be under Akash's control for easier maintenance.
- Discussion on the person responsible for continuous maintenance and control.
- Piyush clarifies his current limitations in changing the repo name and the need for admin assistance.
- Agreement to create a new empty repo named "website" and rename the current repo to "website archive."
- Piyush to coordinate with Akash admins for the necessary changes.
- Piyush requests access to the new repo as a collaborator or Hooman HQ as a maintainer.
- Piyush outlines the GitHub actions setup needed for deployment on GitHub Pages and linking to the Akash network domain.

### Concerns about Website Downtime
- Andrey expresses concern about potential downtime if the current repo is renamed immediatly, affecting the Akash.Network site.
- Suggestion to create a new repo instead of renaming the current one to avoid disruptions.
- Tyler queries the possibility of renaming the new repo in the future for clarity.
- Tyler suggests labeling the new repo as "website 2.0" for clarity during the transition.
- Agreement to point the Akash Network domain to the new repo once it's ready and tested.
- Andrey assures that future changes, including renaming, can be implemented.
- Tyler emphasizes the need to ensure a smooth transition without breaking existing functionality

### Website Launch Discussion
- Tyler suggests launching on Sunday night/Monday morning to ensure a smoother experience with less traffic.
- Zach and the team express agreement with the proposed schedule.
- Acknowledgment of the need for quick action leading up to the launch.
- Piyush emphasizes the ability to launch at any time, highlighting the importance of thorough testing.
- Tyler commits to creating a new repo (possibly named "website 2.0") and providing contributor access to Piyush for testing.
- Zach highlights the importance of moving quickly and syncing offline with Tyler for further coordination.
- Piyush suggests planning in advance to avoid issues and streamline the launch process.
#### Task Assignments for the website Luanch
- Tyler to create a new repository (e.g., "website 2.0") and provide Piyush with contributor access.
- Piyush to plan and test in advance to avoid issues during the launch.
- Offline sync between Tyler and Zach for additional discussions and planning.
- Tyler to set up a meeting with Andrey, Piyush, and potentially Denis for Monday morning to ensure everyone is on the same page.
### Revamp Website Review
- Tyler requests Emmanuel Arthur to review the website over the next hour and provide feedback.
- Suggestions for noting any issues directly in the Network website channel on Discord.
- Zach emphasizes the need to align figma updates with the staging site and identifies two main steps: (a) ensuring figma updates are reflected on the staging site, and (b) final punch-up for any remaining issues.
- Piyush informs that most figma updates will be made in an hour, with minor detailing issues to be addressed later.
#### Punch-Up Planning
- Zach proposes a two-step approach: first, go through the website to ensure figma changes are reflected, and second, conduct a final punch-up for any content issues.
- Piyush suggests checking the website and creating a punch list for any missing links or detailing issues.
- Agreement to meet the following day to sync on the punch-up list and finalize changes.
- Tyler suggests scheduling a meeting for the following day at 6:30 PM Pacific / 9:30 PM Eastern.
- The goal of the meeting will be to focus on any remaining items seen after figma updates are reflected on the staging site.
## Action Items
- Tyler to create a new repository (possibly named "website 2.0") and grant contributor access to Piyush for testing.
- Tyler and Zach to sync offline for additional discussions.
- Piyush to provide detailed instructions for GitHub actions setup.
- Tyler to work with Corey to facilitate repo changes and ensure necessary permissions are granted.
- Group to ensure thorough testing of the new repository before pointing the Akash Network domain to it.
- Tyler to set up an offline meeting with Andrey, Piyush, and potentially Denis for alignment before the launch.
- Tyler to set up a follow-up meeting for tomorrow at 6:30 Pacific / 9:30 Eastern time for final punch-up discussions.
- Piyush to ensure figma updates are reflected on the staging site within the next hour.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to this session of the Akash website working group. this is a second Akash website working session of 2024. We had one yesterday as we get ready to launch the revamped website as previously mentioned whom in HQ led by piyush has been working on website revamp for the Akash Network website to make it faster have some continuity in the structure of Tailwind CSS, and then add some robustness to the site so that we have again a great starting point for a truly open source scalable Akash Network website experience. So again much shout out to piyush. and the rest of the human HQ team at seeing a couple other members on the call today.

Tyler Wright: by no piyush out of the call yesterday there was some content updates as well as some design updates that Zach and Dennis did a great job of adding over the last couple of weeks in figma Piyushing his team have been taking some of those design edits and applying them into the staging website, which I get will drop in the link very shortly.

Tyler Wright: So again, there's been some major strides on the dock site just on the website in general adding a number of design elements that Denis has been thinking about for some time and again updating the content significantly. So shout out to everybody on this team who's been meeting weekly since around mid September to make sure this website is exactly what we want to be in something that again existing users can use and get the information that they need especially as we move into 2024 with a great deal of momentum.

Tyler Wright: One page that huge and his team had not been working on is the stats Page Max was on who leads the cloud most team Cosmos team has sales open source and indexer in the middle of 2023 on this is a resource set again. I'm an API that number of folks there are using and this is something that's been used by piyushen his team across the website but something that was originally on the cloud most site the akashalytics is now going to be on stats that network. So this is something that Max has been working on in tandem with the website. The vamp team to again make sure that the stats that are cost on network is optimized. I know that Max has been sharing some.

Tyler Wright: Updates in engineering syncs and making those updates available in the products and engineering. Roadmap, but Maxwell we're waiting for piyush. Would you mind give using an update on stats at network? I know that you were talking about potentially testing it today and working on some things. But can you give us a quick demo share your screen rather and then talk a little bit about where things are.

Maxime Beauchamp: We're almost there just a few small details. But yeah, I should. be able to

Tyler Wright: Pierce is sharing, but you can share your screen and we can have multiple people sharing. So if you share I can pin.

Maxime Beauchamp: It yeah.

Maxime Beauchamp: I've shared it in other meetings, I believe but yeah, the main thing that I added the recently used to switch between the networks. And so yeah, I worked on different small details like the SEO attributes adding the analytics for but just as that's the usage of the app, but all the pages are done just a small details in the responsive design that I need to. finish up today and after that all deploy it and we can point the stats that I catch that Network to whatever. IP or URL it's gonna be deployed on and should be good to go.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Denis.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Max I have only one Feedback for this overall. Everything's good and perfect. the only thing for my perspective that is missing is kind of like A link to the Akash website. Let's say a user goes from network. selects Akash stats and then goes to this page and then when they want to go back inside they want to know use the browser to go back the back button, but maybe we could provide somewhere something just to indicate that user can go back for example,â€¦

00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: but

Denis Lelic: or if

Denis Lelic: the user reaches this page through some other link then again, we would have to provide some sort of. URL for a cars.network just to kind of keep the

Denis Lelic: browsing experience like floating blowing It'sâ€¦

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, for sure.

Denis Lelic: what I mean.

Maxime Beauchamp: For That's a excellent point.

Maxime Beauchamp: I guess we can talk in the private where you would like to put this maybe in the header something like this.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah. For now as we talked yesterday piyush created something similar to your stats. It's just part of the website and we can use that Until your satisfied with your work. Yeah tiger had

Tyler Wright: Max, I know you have some changes that you'll be making today. And then you said you were gonna be testing it. do you plan to test it on stats at Akash on network? And it's staging it's not share with people or do you plan on having a s they are like a staging domain that folks will have access to

Maxime Beauchamp: Nobody's using stats that I can start at work. So it won't be disrupting anyone. So. Yeah, I need to add a course URL to the API. So

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that was my.

Maxime Beauchamp: so yeah, probably both. Yeah. Whatever works.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I was gonna say that to your point that no one's using stats at Akashi Network. So it might be beneficial unless anybody has any of any objection to just use that as a staging domain because again, you've shared this a number of times with key stakeholders in the community and overclock Labs team. So I feel comfortable that we could just Host this on stats at network. If we have to fine tune it we can but no point in having a couple domains for staging. This is my two.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Max

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions for Max on the stats that network? beautiful I was actually gonna ask that question but to answer the next your

Tyler Wright: cool Looks very fast too. There's no other questions then again.

Tyler Wright: I just put myself on me. We'll wait to hear back from Maxime next steps with the stats page and then just go from there. I know piyush dropped the link in the Chapman's ready to stare. Again. The staging website for the Akash Network revamp is Akash dot human ho and an dot digital, but I'll hand it over to piyush to give us an update on what he's done with figma and all the edits and where we are right now.

Piyush Choudhary: Still as soon as we talked about it yesterday. So we were improving some of the final design issues and also updating the contents. So we were able to update most of the content. There are some minor things that are remaining like some descriptions Etc that will be going live within an hour. And we also join the community Twitter testinomials and also the footer links as well. So most of the links have been updated there are some just minor content detailings is left which is under development and will be going live in an hour. So that's the update.

00:10:00

Piyush Choudhary: And the network activity pages right now looking like this. Once the stats stored network live completely. You can just remove network activity from here. You can just put stats and Link it to Stats Dot network.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. have you been able to update all the elements from figma that Zach and

Tyler Wright: Denis have outlined.

Piyush Choudhary: Only few of them are left not all of them are updated.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Piyush Choudhary: So if you are still pending.

Tyler Wright: I've added Andre. I appreciate you hopping in the car real fast. I want to be weary of Andre's time as well because he's doing a million things iy I know that you had mentioned that Andre is going to be needed. Once we do the transfer to the new website and the new website repo to help with GitHub actions. Can you just give a high level on what you'll need from him? And then I'll set up some other time. Once we finalize a long time where you all can sink. He's based in Europe.

Piyush Choudhary: So basically we'll be open we will be making the repo public that will be doing so I have to questions. The number one question is what is going to be the name of the repo for the official Akash Network GitHub.

Tyler Wright: I believed it must be website.

Andrey Arapov: so this

Tyler Wright: Unless This is a question that maybe you should have answered but basically piyush is asking right now. We have the GitHub website repo where the current website is. When we move to the website revamp. What do you want to name the repo? I was thinking of calling it website repo and then changing the name of the current website repo to website archive or something, but I just want to hear your two cents.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I think it makes sense to just rename a torque after it's clear for everyone not to contribute there and eventually phase out so, I think it's a good idea.

Piyush Choudhary: CR fine, so basically the new website trouble will be website and the previous old one will be named as website archive. the second question is How do you all want us to the course should push the code to the website report.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: You guys will Fork it from our website?

Andrey Arapov: I think it's better if it will be in our Ripper I think from one hand, but another hand it's the question is. the person who is going to be constantly maintaining it all the time maybe then it's easier if it's entirely under your control. So yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. so basically

Tyler Wright: I would agree with that Andre Pierce. I believe sorry to cut you off this but do I believe you have access to the website repo currently in their cash organization, you have access to make pushes and do everything inside of that. Okay?

Piyush Choudhary: So I cannot change the name of the report that needs to be done by the Admin of GitHub. So basically the next work doing a little bit to change the name of the current website repo to website archive and create a new empty repo website and add me as a collaborator or a human HQ as a proper maintain maintainer with all the permissions so we can push the code to the new report.

Piyush Choudhary: And second for GitHub actions will be like,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Cool, I could be.

Piyush Choudhary: we'll be giving you a GitHub actions like that needs to be. And similar way that you to end it with Akash Emmanuel. So it's going to be similar with just a little bit of changes. So GitHub actions needs to be added so it can be deployed on your pages and can be linked to network domain.

Tyler Wright: God Andre, is there anything that's unclear to you there? I know we'll think again prior to making these changes but do anything that you have questions about in terms of again transferring over the repo. I'll make sure I'll work with Corey to get that done and then adding any GitHub actions and then just making sure that the new website repo links or connects to the cash Network domain.

00:15:00

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just a single concern now. I was just checking the website reposit settings and when you open the crash that Network side it's actually related to that group of so if we rename the report to currently temporary website to website dot archive for something like this. Then I think the page will go offline. So this changes to be done really fast probably but I'm not 100% confident, so I'm thinking maybe it's better to actually put new repo and call it website too or website new and once it's ready one on only then pointed to the network site. they think

Tyler Wright: Yeah, my only question is to you on that Andre. Is it possible for us to essentially do what you just described and then over time be able to change the name of that old the current website to Archive and then change the name of the new website. We call it website 2.0 for now. Can we change the name down the road to make it website so that it's super clear for people that just go and GitHub and want to contribute.

Andrey Arapov: I like later on. I mean all the future changes that they definitely can be done.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Andrey Arapov: So I think the best idea is to create let's say repo website too or something or it can be anywhere else and then we can just switch the domain Akash Network to point there and after this two done and tested in our working and then we can, rename the old one to Archive and then you can rename the new one back to website. That's normal. So I think it should work.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: All right, that's clear to me that all makes sense to me..

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just mean main point is just to be on them on the safe side not to break something and while it's broken try to fix things instead just to create new one, point to the new one see if it works and only then already playlist switching names and so forth.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, so to conclude so basically the conclusion is to create a new report now with new name website new or something and do not change anything with the current website rapper and once everything works properly. in future we will just change the name to website and the old website.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, absolutely. That will be much better and safer.

Tyler Wright: cool Quick question and again, Zach and Dennis had ultimate bosses on this but in terms of a launch date, I know there's a couple of items that'll be done in the next hour piyush. I know that it's later in the afternoon for This is just my suggestion, but anybody can feel free to chime in when we're talking about launch date. my suggestion would be if we could take the next day or so and continue to make sure that the content is optimized. I don't know how you all feel about this. But I being open to the idea basically on Sunday nights for us which for piyush. It would be Monday for Andrey. Maybe they could set up some time when it's quieter and most parts of the world and

Tyler Wright: we can have all our ducks in a row by Friday or Saturday and then make sure on Monday morning while some of us are still asleep. I think Denis will also be awake we could do the transfer to the new website so that when people In America and parts of Europe wake up on Monday morning. There's a new website experience and we kind of have limited downtime because Andre and piyush will and Denis will be available. And so again, we launched on Monday, but that was just my suggestion. Does anyone else have any thoughts any urgency to launching prior to that? Here's go ahead. And then Zach. I don't know if you're in a place where you can talk, but I would love to hear your thoughts as content boss.

Piyush Choudhary: so I want to add something here so we can launch anytime. The thing is what we can do here is to create the new repo and add human HQ as a collaborator with proper permissions and on We push everything and test that everything is working properly. So It will be much easier for the team to make it live on the domain because it will be already tested before Sunday.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah that to your point. I'm going to my priority and action item for directly following this meeting is to make a new repo with a website 2.0 or whatever the name may be and make sure that you have contributor access and so that you can start moving things over and start testing things and then we'll go from there.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, sure.

Tyler Wright: exactly Zach a perfect and

Zach Horn: Okay beat you to it. I have no issues with pushing back till Sunday for the launch. The only thing that I would highlight is that we need to move quickly on this for a number of reasons Ty let's you and I sync offline quickly just to touch base on a few things but in general I don't have any problems with pushing to Sunday and then we can officially announce on Monday.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, I have no problem doing that again ach. If you feel strongly about needing to move forward, which doesn't sound like you just said you don't but I was just making a suggestion so you're about

Zach Horn: Yeah, it's a good suggestion. It doesn't necessarily have to launch today. But like I said, let's touch base on a few things offline. And then let's plan for a Sunday night launch and then we'll announce on Monday.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I'd be so what we can do is we can plan things out in advance before Sunday, so it doesn't create an issues. So it will be very easier and faster to make it one official domain.

Tyler Wright: So appears I'll spend the next hour or so getting the GitHub access. I will get you access hopefully in the next again hour. and then I know it's later for you. I know that Max is working on the stats out of class page we can talk async tomorrow to make all the content updates that Denis can look at the content to make sure that everything is up to date and then I'll set up some time. I'll connect with Andrey offline and just set up a meeting for you and Andre and potentially Denis to just have a 30 minute slot on what would be Monday morning to just make sure that you all are on the same page andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: and sure

Tyler Wright: everyone's feeling comfortable.

Tyler Wright: cool I thought maybe I saw a hand up. Go ahead Emmanuel.

Emmanuel Arthur: I finished. Can you go to the Community page?

Piyush Choudhary: yes.

Emmanuel Arthur: The Akash section, isn't that supposed to be that link to the shop or something?

Piyush Choudhary: Can you please repeat what you just said?

Emmanuel Arthur: I mean the apps. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: this swag shop is asking about

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so it will be linked to shop Dot network. ending

Emmanuel Arthur: And check the content there. Is that actually fill out a quick 30 seconds to apply to me?

Piyush Choudhary: I agree. So yeah, I think it needs to be removed. So yeah, thanks for pointing this out. I will system of it.

Emmanuel Arthur: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Arthur if you don't mind could you do a great job of this over the next hour or so if you have the bandwidth to take a look at the website and then drop anything that you see with direct links either make an issue inside the GitHub. No, don't do that because it's not the wrong repo. Maybe just put some notes inside of the working group Network website Channel and we can make sure that anything that you maybe see while you're looking through it can be reflected before we go live if you don't mind.

Emmanuel Arthur: 

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know there's a couple of â€¦

Zach Horn: That is Tyler.

Tyler Wright: go ahead. Go ahead.

Zach Horn: Let me jump in really quickly. That's a nice segue to the next major thing that we need to talk about quickly. I know there's some folks who maybe don't have bandwidth today. So if anyone wants to jump off, totally understand but let's spend some time going through punch up and how we're going to do that because we need to align on where those issues are going to be in that content is updated.

00:25:00

Piyush Choudhary: so I can start on that one by one.

Tyler Wright: big feel free Zach sorry just for clarification sake are you saying? After the website is updated in an hour. We need to make a new punch-up list similar to what we did last time in GitHub where we can talk about any remaining issues outside of what's already been changed in figma.

Zach Horn: I think there's a number of content issues across the board. So there's two things that need to happen in order one. We need to go through the website and make sure that everything that's in figma is reflected on the staging site and then two once that's done we need to do a final punch up and that's what Arthur was talking about. But there's also a number of other things that we need to do there as well. So there's two steps here. piyush when You may have just said it but when do you think those figma updates can be made on the staging site?

Piyush Choudhary: What? So most of them will be made in an hour and I will update you and there might be some very minor detailing issues. We might not be able to spot for example, or did Arthur said in case of community Akash at you. so such money issues. We might not be able to spot instantly, but we'll go so everything so I will inform you in the group that This is the time you guys can start checking the website from one by one of on all pages, like whatever the content is missing if some link is missing then we can create a punch list and then we can update it tomorrow.

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Zach and Pierce you could feel free time and would it make you all feel better if we set up some time for tomorrow for us to meet and we just literally just talk about the punch-up list, I as peers just mentioned some will have all the things still hopefully reflected from figma on the staging website over the next hour. And then from there we can spend folks who can spend the rest of the day into tomorrow morning putting together a punch up list of anything that they see still outlying and then we can meet and literally just be on the phone together as a group just need to be changed. This needs to be changed just needs to be changed or do we feel like async is fine because similar to how we did last week with that massive punch list that again should be reflected in.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I'd like to do both. So I'd like those changes made within the next hour and then to your point. We can spend the rest of the day going through final punch up Arthur if you want to contribute to that feel free and then let's meet tomorrow just to sink on everything.

Tyler Wright: excellent But I'll set up some time. Unless anybody has an objections for this same time 6:30 Pacific 9:30 eastern time for us to meet again to just the goal for that meeting will just be focus on any remaining items that anybody has seen throughout the day after years gives the green light that changes have been reflected from figma. They see anything after that that needs to be changed optimize linked Etc. Just put together a list we can drop that information in Akash website Discord, if you feel like you can't remember it and then we'll spend tomorrow at 9:30 literally going item by item until we feel comfortable.

Tyler Wright: And then again while that all is happening, I'll be making sure that piyush has access to the Akash new website repo whatever it's named and can start moving all their work over to that repo.

Tyler Wright: It sounds like a good game plan.

Piyush Choudhary: Yep.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that sounds great.

Tyler Wright: I know we have a couple of newer faces in this call again. and I joined late. This is a weekly call that's been going on since around September that is for the Akash Network website revamp this time last year. We did a open source website where we're using GitHub pages. So that folks can contribute to editing whether it be like ecosystem Pages Community Pages adding blogs Etc. That effort was a great effort started by overclock, but due to the nature of how that website was built it was

Tyler Wright: Harder to scale Peterson is team took it upon themselves to come to six and working group meetings get involved in the community talk about how they can help and then they requested community pool funds to revamp the website to make it more open source to make it again more scalable. They put everything in Tailwind CSS and then to really make the network website at HUB for all things whether it be stats ecosystem docs all that kind of stuff all in one place. So that's been an effort that piyusha and his team has been working on since around middle of September. They've been a very responsive

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: very committed. And so again, we're getting to those final stages of getting ready to launch the website. And so we're just getting to final phases to make sure all of our ducks are in the row. All the content is optimized all the message proper designs Etc. So again as Zach has previously mentioned if anybody on this call wants to participate in editing and looking at the website. There's a link in the chat how relink it for anybody that might have joined late where the website is in. It's staging capacity.

Tyler Wright: Pierce was going to make updates to the staging site over next hour that should reflect everything that Zach Dennis and others have put in figma from there. again, the group will make a list of all things that maybe haven't been reflected all things that are not optimized and we'll meet again tomorrow at 9:30 Eastern to finalize the website and then hopefully we'll launch on Sunday night Monday morning with a new website just in time for the cigs and steering committee next week, so it'll be a great momentum. Does anyone have any questions thoughts concerns?

Piyush Choudhary: so yeah, so the thing is as we discussed the Launches on Sunday night or Monday. but we'll be wrapping things up tomorrow and day after tomorrow. So we'll be going through everything properly as a team and Community effort. So that nothing is left so we can easily launch on Sunday or Monday and we will push the code to the new repos before Sunday, so

Tyler Wright: excellent All right, y'all. unless anybody else has anything Dennis. Do you have anything that you want to cover them? That hasn't been covered yet?

Denis Lelic: And not pretty much. I think we covered everything. I was just making notes in the background and providing some additional links in the figma file for piyusht and

Denis Lelic: yeah, I mean, we'll talk on Discord slack and so on so for the next couple of days and I'm sure we'll make this thing live in andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Exactly Exactly.

Denis Lelic: good looking

Denis Lelic: cool

Tyler Wright: What again a much appreciate everybody taking the time.

Tyler Wright: Thank you little D for joining again. This is something that's open to the public. So always feel like you can join this or any of the other six and working groups. I know MD has done so in the past much appreciate Max being able to join us today and give us an update on the status out of cost on network page and all the efforts that he's done with the indexer and making the API available so big shout out to Max and the other Max, but mainly right now that's here and obviously shout out to Andrey for all that. He does with Akash and overclock and being able to jump on very last second to help out with GitHub actions. Making sure everything's ready for the launch.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else then again, feel free to I'll focus on getting piyush's team access on GitHub. Please wait for a piyush to give all that the website changes from figma or updated and then if everybody has bandwidth today, please take the time to just the look at the staging site and see what needs to potentially get fixed prior to tomorrow's meeting. But it's nothing else. Then again will conclude today much appreciate everybody's time andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: but

Tyler Wright: effort and we'll talk online for sure.

Tyler Wright: Have a good day y'all.

Zach Horn: exercise

Piyush Choudhary: over there bye take

Andrey Arapov: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: are

Denis Lelic: Okay, bye-bye.

Meeting ended after 00:35:02 ðŸ‘‹

