# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Focus on punch-up copy and finalize details ahead of the potential launch.
- Review website page by page to address any inaccuracies or issues.
- Checklist format for Piyush's Team to monitor and complete tasks through the weekend.
- Identify and address any remaining issues with copy or design.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, January 05, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
#### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the third working session of the Akash website working group for the year 2024
- Emphasis on working diligently to launch the revamped website.
- Recent focus on updating content, dark mode, and optimizing screens for all devices.
- Prior efforts on Documentation 2.0, integration, and transfer from Hugo and GitBook to the new Astro system.
- Aim to launch on Sunday night/Monday morning, January 8, 2024.
- Coordination between overclock team and human HQ to transfer the website during a quieter period.
- Piyush's team unable to attend due to a conflict.
### Website Review:
- Tyler will display his screen and walk through each page.
- Participants are encouraged to provide suggestions or raise concerns via chat or hand-raising.
- Detailed notes will be taken for any inaccuracies or necessary updates.
- Streamline the home page flow to minimize clicks and reach actionable content faster.

#### Homepage
- Update facts in Osmosis section to accurately reflect their usage of Akash.
- Remove Osmosis from deployed examples due to misleading placement.
- Link to project websites in new tabs instead of opening directly within the Akash website.
- Explore development of product detail pages for ecosystem projects.
- Investigate and fix the copy-paste issue causing duplicate content.
- Consider renaming "Engineering Notes" to "Engineering Documentation" for clarity.
#### Stats Page
- Decision made to separate the stats page, currently serving as a placeholder with real-time data from Cloudmos.
- Discussion on branding the "Stats" page; Zach suggests "Akash Stats" in navigation for clarity.
- Tyler points out a spelling issue; Zach recommends incorporating "Stats" into the dropdown.
- Denis documents the suggestions.
- Tyler clarifies Max's stats page is in testing; recommends calling it "Akash Stats" in navigation.
- Zach strongly recommends "Akash Stats" in the nav for a cleaner approach.

#### Homepage CTAs
- Denis confirmed that "Reach Out" leads to a Typeform for understanding GPU needs, while "Get Started" takes users to the main landing page.
- Concern: CTAs too close, confusing users.
- Decision: Launch as-is, circle back on Clarifying CTA label and adding dedicated GPU section.

#### Homepage Review (Testimonials)
- Use existing list of 4 testimonials + 4 new ones added by Denis.
- Include full names and job titles for testimonial authors, if available, without requiring further permission.
- Link testimonials directly to their source posts.
- Remove periods after author names.
- Change punctuation after "five-minute read" to a dot or dash.

#### Homepage Review (Final Touches)
- Postpone adding an image behind the "What is Akash?" text.
- Focus on fixing typos and inconsistencies before adding further graphical enhancements.
- Explicitly mention availability of GPUs on the homepage.
- Add link in either navbar or "Discover" section to improve blog accessibility.
- Update the footer navigation:
- Replace "stats" with "Akash stats" in all sections (network, ecosystem, token).
- Add Telegram to the social media links.

### Providers Section Review
- Change "Providers and Incentives" to simply "Providers" for consistency with "Tenants" section.
- Rewording suggestion by Tyler to emphasize ease of using Praetor app for providers.
- Add link to provider documentation from this section, not just Praetor calculator.
- Modify "Join the Supercloud Provider Network" to a more relevant call to action.
- Zach emphasized the importance of resolving typos and other errors beforehand.
- Remove mention of "provider incentives" due to lack of a formal program.

### Tenants Section Review
- Develop an understandable introduction to sdl concept using the template approach.
- Replace the graphic with a proper text module for sdl explanation and CTA in the "Tenants" section.
- Add a headline to the "outlined" section.
- Update all references to "Console" with "Cloudmos" throughout the "Tenants" section, including the image.
- Zack to hold a separate meeting with Denis to discuss the Cloudmos issue.

### Token page Review
- Confirmed that the dollar sign should be removed from the AKT price display.
- Standardize sentence case or title case for section titles.
- Fix minor formatting inconsistencies, such as periods vs colons and paragraph indents.
- Update "How it works" section to appear at the top of the page.
- Add "Leap Wallet" to the ecosystem tools list and order it after Keplr.
- Update data points for akt token price and market cap (coingecko vs. coinmarketcap).
- Update main features section with new content (not currently written).
- Opening a new FAQ shouldn't close the currently open one. Users might want to see multiple at a time
- The plus/minus sign functionality for opening/closing FAQs needs to be fixed.
- AKT 2.0 features are missing from the left vertical navigation bar.

### Community Page Review
- The current content of the page is good, but the call to action needs improvement.
- The focus on "The Insider" content might be misplaced, as the SIGs and working groups are arguably more central to community initiatives.
- "Getting Started with Contributing" section should be moved above the fold for better visibility.
- "Community Groups" section should ideally be above the calendar for a clearer progression of information.
- Consider renaming "Community Groups" to "Special Interest Groups and Working Groups" for better clarity.
- The language in the "Get Started" section needs to be more direct and actionable.
- Instead of "scroll up to get started", it should be "join a SIG group and we'll get you started" or similar.
- User Groups: Remove placeholder information and add relevant user groups, such as mining.
- Working Groups: Replace placeholder information with active working groups and ensure links point to accurate content.
- Steering Committee: Update meeting schedule and time (last Thursday of the month).
- Standardize meeting schedule format: Use consistent wording for meeting frequency (e.g., "second Wednesday of every month").
- Investigate data source: Determine where the incorrect meeting information is coming from and update accordingly. 
- Denis Lelic will note in the minutes that data needs to be pulled from GitHub.
- Zach noted the need for significantly more content across the entire Community Page.

### Current Projects:
- The "Current Projects" section should link to the project boards, not the outdated information currently displayed.
- Tyler Wright suggested creating two separate links, one for the product and engineering board and another for the community and marketing board.
- Embedding the boards directly on the page was also discussed as an option.
- The team agreed to leave the section titles as-is for now, but revisit the possibility of combining them later.

#### Akash.Edu
- Denis clarified that the current "Akash.Edu" entries are not live programs.
- Tyler suggested linking all of them to the OmniFlix page as a starting point for users to explore further education options.
- Zach and Denis agreed with linking to OmniFlix for now, but acknowledging the current lack of specific "Akash.Edu" content.
- Tyler voiced disagreement with Adam's suggestion to remove the "Akash.Edu" section entirely, arguing it should remain as a general starting point for education resources.


### Ecosystem Pgae:
- Links under the header need to be updated, including replacing "console" with "cloudmos."
- Update links and rename "SDXL" to something more fitting.
- Tyler suggested "Tools" before "Showcase."
- Denis suggested prioritizing important items over alphabetical order.
#### Navigation and structure of the Ecosystem page
- Confusion around navigation: Users are having difficulty finding the "Providers" page within the "Ecosystem" section.
- Current navigation: Users land on the "Tools" page when navigating to "Ecosystem," then need to tab over to "Providers."
- Prioritize "Providers" in the navigation: This could involve moving it higher in the navigation bar or making it the default landing page for the "Ecosystem" section.
- Improve internal linking: Make it easier for users to navigate to the "Providers" page from other parts of the website, including the "Showcase" page.
- Create a dedicated "Providers" page: Separate the "Become a Provider" information from the general "Providers" page. This could involve creating a new page at /network/providers or /get-started/become-a-provider.
- The grouo agreed that the "Providers" page is an important resource for users and needs to be easily accessible.
#### "Become a Provider" Path:
- Tyler finds the current "Get Started" page unclear for users who want to become providers.
- He suggests adding separate buttons for deployment and becoming a provider.
- Zach agrees and emphasizes the need for persona-based navigation design.
- Zach proposes revisiting persona-based navigation design to optimize user experience for different user types (providers, deployers, etc.).
#### Readability of Provider Names:
- Current naming convention using prefixes is confusing and requires improvement.
- Denis proposed grabbing two letters from the provider link as a temporary solution.
- Zach acknowledges the need for more user-friendly names and suggests revisiting this issue later.
Community Navigation Dropdown:
- Tyler suggests adding a dropdown menu with options like "Akash Insiders" and "Providers" for easier navigation.
- Denis acknowledges the benefits of dropdowns but explains Greg's preference for avoiding them.
- They agree to consider dropdowns for future website iterations.
### Blog:
- Dates: Fix date format to remove periods and use single dots as separators.
- Search: Search functionality works well with autocomplete suggestions.
- Titles: Titles displayed as cards look good.
- Hover state: Improve hover state for card images to keep them connected to the border and shadow.
- Content: Current blog content is not up-to-date and needs to be replaced with latest versions from GitHub.
- Code blocks: Review code block rendering in new blog posts. Current example shows formatting issues.
### Documentation Page Review
- Body copy: Rewrite needed for "explore the world of Akash..." section. Ensure single periods instead of double.
- Essentials section: Idea approved, but content needs refinement. "Common questions" should be rephrased as "FAQ" and may not belong under "Essentials."
- SDL: Rename "tenants customers" to "Find deployment services" for clarity.
- Overall structure: Current organization (Essentials, Deployments, Providers) considered confusing. "Deploy application" under "Providers" doesn't make sense.
- Revisit documentation navigation structure and organization for better user flow.
- The group agreed to prioritize certain elements for V1 launch and table others for future iterations.
- More discussion on specific content suggestions and icon usage is needed.
- The group acknowledged the need for a quick fix for the "Spotlight your work" section while planning for potential broader adjustments to the structure and content in the future.
#### Documentation Navigation:
- Fix typo in "Engineering Notes" header.
- Define the purpose and target audience for "Engineering Notes" and adjust content accordingly.
- Review and improve the documentation navigation flow, reducing depth and confusion.
- Streamline the "Getting Started" section to provide key information concisely.
- Consistency issue identified: "Engineering Notes" should be "Engineering Documentation" for clarity.
- Content duplication: Both "Akash Documentation" and "Engineering Notes" sections have the same content pulled from existing documentation.
- Decision made to use "Engineering Documentation" and focus on clarity for its purpose.
- Continued discussion about the mismatch between the new documentation structure and the existing content that doesn't fully fit within it.
- "Getting Started" section considered too detailed and layered, causing unnecessary navigation depth.
- Proposal to restructure "Getting Started" for better information distribution and avoid overwhelming users.
- Lack of clear way to return to the main website from the Akash Docs section is a major issue.
- Implementing an "Akash.network" button in the Docs navigation and stats page is a critical fix for V1.
### Stats page update from Max
- Max finalizing website improvements, including mobile menu and navbar fixes.
- Team prefers Max's branded network stats design.
- Denis provided navigation feedback for Max to incorporate.
- Group decided to move forward with Max's current website version and avoid placeholder link for network stats.
### Small Grants Program for Experiments:
- Denis introduced the idea of a casual program for users to present ideas and potentially receive up to a few hundred AKT for smaller experiments, without the formality of a governance proposal.
- Tyler agreed and suggested building out the program later, but for now, using a Typeform to assess requests is acceptable.
- Update the "Funding" section with a button linking to the Typeform for the small grants program.
## Action Items:
- Max to deploy stats website updates today.
- Tyler to notify group when Max deploys and suggest reviewing over weekend.
- Denis to update testimonial links in Figma, ensuring they point to correct sources.
- Tyler to update the copy on pages not touched by Zach, including those written by Greg
- Group to discuss consistency in naming the roadmap sections ("Community & Marketing Initiatives" vs. "Product & Engineering Roadmap") during the next meeting.
- There was agreement on the need for future meetings to address navigation and provider information in more detail.
- Tyler to update the "Funding" section with a button linking to the Typeform for the small grants program.
- A list of identified issues and potential improvements will be sent to Piyush for further development.
- Group to luaunh website on Monday, 8th January
## Transcript
