# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda
- Review of website-related issues on Akash Network repo
- Discussion on ecosystem page and token page updates
- Update on graphic for the website

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, April 04, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Piyush Choudhary
- Thomas Greco
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
### Introduction and Updates
- Denis Lelic opens the meeting, welcomes attendees
- Review of issues on Akash Network repo: Two new issues identified - ecosystem page and token page update
- Piyush Choudhary to address the identified issues
- Piyush presents solution sourced from Discord community for consideration
- Proposal to summarize lengthy text, suggest scrollable solution
- Denis acknowledges possible outdated content, suggests verifying missing parts
- Discussion on updating a graphic for the website, involving Scott or Cheng for updates
- Tyler Wright confirms graphic update, advises verifying community member's advice
- Denis agrees to double-check before updating the graphic

### Updates on new website features: GPU pricing
- Piyush Choudhary introduces new GPU pricing feature on the website, accessible through menu item and announcement bar
- Denis Lelic elaborates on new section in hero section of home page, detailing options for users to get started
- Discussion on discrepancies in documentation, specifically regarding GPU pricing explanations
- Thomas Greco suggests adding a paragraph to explain GPU pricing for users unfamiliar with GPUs
- Denis acknowledges the suggestion and notes existing explanations on the website, agrees to consider adding more detailed information
- Tyler Wright proposes adding GPU pricing details to documentation for further clarity, to be discussed offline or in sync docs
- Tyler mentions pending discussions on Google Analytics and Akash Accelerate 2024 page updates, deferring further discussion for later
- Zach invited to share any additional points related to Thomas's suggestion or pending topics
### Updates on Google Analytics
- Zach Horn brings up the topic of Google Analytics implementation, notes need for GA code embed on the website
- Tyler Wright confirms the need for GA tracking on call-to-action buttons and pages, stresses high priority
- Zach clarifies the need for conversion tracking and account transfer for GA
- Piyush Choudhary confirms readiness to implement GA code once received, mentions technical issues with tag manager
- Tyler inquires about timeline for implementation, emphasizes the importance of having a timeline
- Piyush estimates 1-2 days for resolution of technical issues and implementation of GA tracking
- Zach acknowledges the timeline and expresses gratitude
### Updates on Akash Accelerate 2024 event
- Tyler Wright discusses Akash Accelerate 2024 event, highlights the need for a landing page with basic information
- Denis Lelic and Zach Horn are working on design and content for the landing page
- Tyler emphasizes the high priority of the landing page, planned for phase one early next week
- Denis suggests considering a theme or visual team for the event, to be discussed further
- Tyler suggests discussing the theme offline, possibly involving SIG design
- Tyler acknowledges Thomas for his contributions to documentation and ongoing support
- Meeting concludes with confirmation of action items and gratitude towards Thomas.
### Discussion on "how to contribute" page
- Denis Lelic brings up Thomas's offer to assist with code or PRs, suggests a brief discussion on the "How to Contribute" page
- Tyler Wright explains the need for a visual guide for new contributors and plans for further discussion over the next week
- Denis reminds the team to check a message on the Akash website external Slack channel
- Thomas Greco shares updates on upcoming PRs and videos for onboarding, mentions the delay due to focus on the agoric mainnet release
- Thomas reaffirms commitment to assisting with onboarding efforts.
### Video content creation and tools discussion
- Denis Lelic and Thomas Greco express gratitude and collaboration regarding video content creation and tutorials
- Denis discusses plans for creating a blueprint for future video contributions, considering software options for editing
- Thomas raises concerns about potential costs for gated tools like 11 Labs, suggests considering free resources
- Zach Horn offers financial support for necessary subscriptions for video creation tools
- Denis confirms no cost blockers and encourages open communication for resource needs
- Denis concludes meeting, summarizes topics covered, and invites further discussion or adjournment
- Team members express thanks and confirm conclusion of the meeting

## Action Items
- Piyush Choudhary to address ecosystem page and token page updates.
- Denis Lelic to check with Scott or Cheng for updates on the graphic.
- Denis Lelic to double-check before updating the graphic.
- Piyush Choudhary to resolve technical issues with GA implementation within 1-2 days
- Denis Lelic and Zach Horn to work on Akash Accelerate 2024 landing page design and content.
- Tyler Wright to coordinate with Zach and Denis regarding Accelerate 2024 theme and content.
- Tyler Wright and Denis Lelic: Discuss and plan "How to Contribute" page.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hi everybody and welcome to today's working group meeting for Akash website. We meet either on a weekly basis where we discuss everything website related ui/ux adding new features changing content and so on so I'm just gonna get us going. I just had a look. at the repo and the issue sections on the website repo on Akash Network. So let me just grab the link. So you can follow along. And I see there are two new issues. They're created one is for ecosystem page and the other one is token page update. Piyush. Do you want to take us through these two issues?

Piyush Choudhary: yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Piyush Choudhary: depending on Financial.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so as you can see this is the largest thing pushed out by the commute numbers and Discord so I just grab it from there. So you consideration right now on the system areas. We cannot wait the whole text that is thinking So the status solution which is scroll down so that we can presentation.

Piyush Choudhary: We store Donuts Edition. So when they follow the god. For the Restriction benefit like this.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that seems like a reasonable solution. So I know some of this text may be outdated. I know Greg was writing a lot of this in the previous ecosystem page and I believe there's also links inside of this. So yeah, I do agree if we're missing parts of this text, actually get the whole thing.

Denis Lelic: yeah good call out. Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: So if you see there is a community which is required as 25% brightness living on information. So yeah, I just

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'm gonna have to check with Huey or Chang to see what are the updates on this graphic?

Piyush Choudhary: 

Tyler Wright: Denis this is a graphic that we were talking about that we saw some P back on and we were trying to remember this is the graphic that has to be updated.

Denis Lelic: I do have all the information or should I just check with Huey and I can update it.

Tyler Wright: I would say double check with you, but I think the advice from the Community member was correct the double check if you

Denis Lelic: Okay, you got it. Cool. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: So yeah.

Piyush Choudhary: So that's all from myself.

Denis Lelic: We have you here. Is there anything website related that you would like to speak? about

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, so as we can see we have a new feature live on the website GPU pricing. So I was personally public information based and as you can see this light, so everything go to the lectures. So that's the new feature that is simply onto the website.

Piyush Choudhary: We also have the papers as you can say.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. this page is reachable through the new menu item called GPU pricing. I believe also through the announcement bar and through this button here view GPU availability also a new section in the hero section actually on the home page where we have get started basically right away above the fold and they're like three options one is to export apply pricing the gpus or get users going either through becoming a provider or deploying their first app. yeah, so I am a piyush anything else.

Piyush Choudhary: So there is nothing much but there was on the dates going on in dogs. So there was a mistakes or something beings which maybe numbers are falling out and all of them were big or not from ourselves. That's awesome.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah I saw your hand when up first and Tyler then you can go.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, so I think the GPU pricing stuff looks awesome, but I did have a question. So is there anything that explains? the GPU prep I explained this in more detail. So as somebody who's not. super well-versed and gpus

Thomas Greco: I like even just a entry level, And paragraph kind of explaining what's going on. I'm not sure if anybody else thinks that would be useful. Or if we should just kind of assume that whoever's looking at this.

Denis Lelic: Paragraph meaning to explain the pricing or something else.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, a pricing maybe like chips right, what types of jobs?

Thomas Greco: A specific chips maybe better equipped to handle stuff like that. again, this is just a half suggestion, it's just something I want to call out.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, personally. I think that. if you're looking for gpus and you don't know what age 100 or a 100 offers if you don't know if a paragraph can help youâ€¦

Thomas Greco: Mm-hmm

Denis Lelic: but Yeah, we do explain a little bit in this hover button about the price. So how do we get the price? So it's actually like a bidding.

Denis Lelic: there's a disclaimer here which this offers a better explanation how the price Are sorted out here.

Thomas Greco: Okay, I get it I think and I think it looks really really great and it is in deformative and if you have this knowledge going into it then you're good. But yeah. And you're right. I think if you're looking at it.

Thomas Greco: then if you're in the market for gpus you're gonna know which. the capabilities different ship sets, but I just yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Thomas Greco: I don't worth mentioning.

Denis Lelic: cool. Thank you Ty. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think Thomas quickly to that point maybe it's something worth adding in the documentation that we can link to the pricing page. So maybe we could talk about that offline or in sync docs, but I think that would be great. The things that I want to talk about haven't been talked about yet. So I don't want to Sidetrack the conversation. I don't know Zach if you had something you want to talk about relatively Thomas's point, but I want to talk about this Google analytics as well as the classic celebrates 2024 page but yes.

Zach Horn: Yeah, my points on Google analytics. So let's jump right to that.

Tyler Wright: Okay, cool. I guess I know this has been something I've been trying to work with internal team member on I think it's just like a access issue for me because I've been looking all over Zach. I know it's been helping out but I know Google analytics is something that we want to get across the website and all the call to actions as well as Pages as soon as possible and have a dashboard. So Zach. I don't know if you had an update. I know that we just talked about this yesterday so they may not be an update quite yet, but I just want to see what your thoughts were on the Google analytics the next steps as well.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely. So the question right up about is I saw the note yesterday that we need the ga code embed on the page. I've access to our overclock on Akash Google analytics account so I can get that any time. What was the thing we recording with our team

Tyler Wright: That was it the ga code. Yeah, yeah.

Zach Horn: Got Okay, I can get that. So there's no blocker there. On the Google analytics Point more broadlyâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay, cool.

Zach Horn: what we really need and what is highest priority is that we know the conversion rate through each of these rents now buttons so that can't stress it enough. It's super high priority. We need that conversion implemented in GA ASAP so that we can start tracking it page total page volume and it's great but we really need to know of the people that are landing on this page how many are converting through each of these buttons and be able to measure them against themselves? Each other I should say that's highest priority because we want to see other people that are landing here which chips are they converting on and one of the interested in so we can start to gauge demand. So two things one for next steps. What is the status on putting that conversion in place? And then what is the status of transferring that the entire account?

00:10:00

Piyush Choudhary: Can you repeat the last point when you say entire town? what do you mean by an entire problem?

Zach Horn: As I understand that the Google analytics are under your account currently, that's where we're tracking them. We need those to live.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah. Got it.

Piyush Choudhary: so I just need to determine shows quotes that I mean those will be able to still.

Zach Horn: Piyush your audios not great miss most of that. One more time, please.

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, I'm saying once we got the Gtech box as I said in the group, so we'll be able to implemented and all the lighting side is deciding in order Sports will be migrated with that for overlock Lots.

Zach Horn: Got it.

Tyler Wright: If we get those GA pose to you today? How long will it take for you to Those buttons are Implement like tracking for the red buttons andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: 

Tyler Wright: then make it available to Zach and others.

Piyush Choudhary: yeah, I was experimenting with the tag managers course to implemented on that are not working. But there are some issues that we think in terms of escrow and the specific cities cycling building algorithm and writers and just resolving those ones those issues are being resolved. I'll be able to presentation person.

Tyler Wright: All right, when you say no you have issues, that's something that you're blocked by anybody on the core team orâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: So there's probably some technical issues in the Astro andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: is this something that you're with?

Piyush Choudhary: the specifics you get wrappings. So. I'm just resolving the issues when I Implement it's a little bit technology.

Piyush Choudhary: Generally should connect to the United States transport, but it is not connecting producing issues. probably that's something look and this resolving those issues. Once those are it's all a legendary which

Zach Horn: Okay, I think I understand that. You know what you're saying from a technical standpoint. We do need a timeline on it though. So what do you think in terms of timing?

Piyush Choudhary: Second us think of wonderful days the patient steps in charge today, then tomorrow I'll be able to Otherwise on teleported for the US medicine. from now

Zach Horn: Okay, so we're one to two days. So, call it Friday Saturday. Okay, sounds good.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool I know you mentioned briefly the Accelerate 2024.

Tyler Wright: Yeah with Akash accelerate proposal passing on chain and the production of the actual event is underway to think that was being secured. The date has been set the idea is that we want to have a landing page that we could start getting to people. So people know they're going to consensus or if they just love to pass and want to come to the event. They're more than welcome. So again, toothpages would be like a landing page and some basic information that we look to get up at some point early next week. I know that Denis and Zach are working on the lemonade designs and that's more information becomes available. Yes speakers schedule all that kind of stuff and we would just continue to fill out that page that's closer. But again, the event is scheduled for May 28th. So we want to start making it available for people to

Tyler Wright: good to be a big link. Yeah Luma and then just again that's a basic information or website. So this is I think secondary to the Google analytics Zach here correctly from wrong, but this is also a high priority item when we're looking to get out and a phase one. early next week

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, like anything you want to add to that?

Zach Horn: No, totally agree, though.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah, and Tom, I piyush I already saw you you saw the message here from Thomas. He's kind of offer his help with anything code or PR related. Just let Cool I don't know if we should talk about. how to contribute page we talked about it yesterday for a couple of minutes or do you think we could just push it to the next meeting?

Tyler Wright: I think I can talk about what so I know that one thing that we get a lot of people in the community, is hey, I just found out about Akash, how can I contribute there's a number of ways whether it be doing a secret working group whether it be joint being an Insider a down key, this is a plethora of So I was talking to Dennis and Zach about basically making a visual page. It has some graphics and we can also turn into a handout that we can share with people in this board and elsewhere to make it easier for people to get on board and contribute. I just like being kind of be like a visual YouTuber experience map so we can talk more about that over the next week or so, I think and then see where we are going to the next meeting but certainly their priorities over the next couple of days and next week is around the Akashi accelerate 204 pages.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead another stuff.

Denis Lelic: cool

Denis Lelic: Yeah, just one more thing about Accelerate 2024. I was thinking if we're gonna have some sort of a theme a visual team around the event or maybe it's even content related. On Zach, I'm not sure if you're really That deep into that issue, but that just something that pop into my mind. is it like a theme related? I don't know.

Denis Lelic: Maybe something around AI gpus.

Tyler Wright: Or something about Cowboys they get together so we can figure that out.

Denis Lelic: He yeah.

Tyler Wright: It's offline. Maybe that's a cig design type of problems. One thing I also want to call out quick is and this is kind of sick documentation related, but I do want to shout out Thomas for all the help that he's with the first video which will be added to documentation as well as he's looking to provide a great deal of support and looking at the documentation auditing specific sections appears. Just look out for some

Denis Lelic: Thanks Peers, just one quick thing. There was a message it was on slack on the channel like Akash website external. So if you could please have a look at that Tom I saw your hand went up.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, no, I was just gonna say I like no problem y everybody. And definitely be on the lookout for PR's videos in the coming days and I haven't had time this week to we're kind of getting the details all figured out but ask for why there's been nothing open yet. It's just been because we were getting it figured out and then I'll show with getting this kind of a goric mainnet to release. out the door that took up a lot of brain power, but I'm excited to start firing and all cylinders. Making this thing is a helping people on board, right?

Thomas Greco: As best as we can.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Yep. Thank you, Thomas.

Thomas Greco: And Shadow 11 labs. the real MVP too

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Me and Thomas were just like dming and the last couple of days or weeks about video content and tutorials and so on. So we're just trying to figure out a way. that's gonna be

Denis Lelic: some sort of a blueprint for all the future contributions from community members, and I would just like

Denis Lelic: explaining how to put a video together and have some sort of brand consistency throughout the videos. And one of them is 11 Labs, but their AI voice over then I provided some graphics that are available also in figma community and we were just discussing what kind of software to use to edit the videos one of the options would be canva because it's free for personal use so just basic editing adding a graphic in the front of the video and Probably get to go and the other option would be da Vinci which is kind of a bit more advanced to. But they're offering also. free package for personal usage

Thomas Greco: so we could talk. I just add to that Denis and you've been a joy to work too. thank you for all the support. You've given me. We could take this async, but I'm also realizing 11 labs. For example, that is a tool that is potentially going to be gated, if we're kind of looking for free resources. and yeah, I'm not sure how far you can get with 11 labs? For free, so just another thing to keep in mind.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think that the Viking remember correctly. They are offering free tokens every month. So the way I dealt with it, I know it's not perfect. But I just signed up through two different emails and I managed to do whatever I had to do in that time period but we should think about

Denis Lelic: either subscription or I don't know. We'll see when we get there. So yeah that go ahead.

Zach Horn: There's absolutely no Blocker on cost for this. If you guys need a subscription, we will get it done. Just let me know how much you need.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Zach.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so we covered a couple of different things

Denis Lelic: pretty much everything that's crucial for this week. the analytics Akash accelerate. So if anyone has anything else to add the discussions we have please go ahead. Otherwise we can just meet next week or in two weeks and we can continue this discussions.

Denis Lelic: Okay, sounds like very good. So, thanks everyone for joining today. I will see each other on Discord or slack whatever we'll see each other online async and thanks again for joining again see each other next meeting.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Piyush Choudhary: just

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Thomas Greco: Thanks, everyone.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Take care.

Piyush Choudhary: tonight

Meeting ended after 00:24:21 ðŸ‘‹

