# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #30

## Agenda
- Akash Accelerate Page and Speaker Order
- Visual Updates and Accessibility Improvements
- New Issue: Contact Page Feedback
- Documentation Issues and Improvements
- Additional Issues and Assignments


## Meeting details
- Date: Tuesday, May 16, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://dpisfxnpneb3dvtssughllgmsyn6a7qasqh62lwtpuvm3xaomcnq.arweave.net/G9Ei3a9pA7HWcpUMdazMlhvgfgCUD-0u030qzdwOYJs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Bold Panther
- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Note

- **Introduction:**
  - Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the bi-weekly working group session for the Akash website.
  - Emphasized the importance of these sessions for discussing and improving the website.
  - Encouraged participation through the Akash website channel on Discord.

- **Speaker Order for Akash Accelerate Page:**
  - Denis Lelic brought up the need to order the speakers on the Akash Accelerate page.
  - Suggested Eric and Greg should be prioritized but asked for further input.
  - Zach Horn offered to rank the names and send the list to Denis for adjustments.

- **Updates on Portraits and Titles:**
  - Denis mentioned ongoing corrections to new portraits, with some specific issues highlighted.
  - Missing title for David Johnson noted; a placeholder title "CEO of bread Dev" used temporarily.
  - Zach stressed the importance of confirming titles directly with individuals and avoiding assumptions.
  - Amanda is actively verifying speaker information via emails.

- **Feedback on Team Titles:**
  - Zach proposed a title change for Neo and Chang to "VP of Product and Engineering" with an ampersand.
  - Suggested the title "Core Team Akash Network" over "Creators of Akash Network" for consistency.
  - Sought external feedback from Bold Panther, who confirmed "Core Team Akash Network" is clear and appropriate.

- **Design and Update Process for Akash Accelerate Page:**
  - Denis updated Piyush on the timeline for receiving updated information and illustrations.
  - Discussed the need to finalize the run of show and suggested it might be ready by the end of the week.
  - Zach agreed on the importance of updating the schedule and ensuring it's visible, even if it changes later.
  - Confirmed Amanda as the MC for the day.

- **New Issue: Contact Page for the Website:**
  - Denis mentioned a new issue raised about the difficulty of contacting the core team through the website.
  - Piyush suggested implementing a simple contact form accessible from the footer, allowing messages to be sent to different departments.
  - Zach expressed concerns about the potential for spam and the complexity of managing emails, suggesting Discord as a more responsive channel.
  - Tyler proposed a contact page with dropdowns for specific queries (e.g., Business Development) that could send emails, while technical support queries could be redirected to Discord.
  - Bold Panther suggested a common contact page with sections for different types of support and outreach, integrating existing support elements and social profiles.
  - Agreement to map out the contact page more thoroughly and prioritize it lower for now, considering the other ongoing high-priority tasks.
- **Presentation of New Visuals for Documentation Integration:**
  - Bold Panther presented visuals for two new documentation issues: Quick start section for "How to integrate with the Akash Network" and "Deploy Hello World in five minutes or less."
  - Tyler emphasized the need for a clear and accessible guide for projects to integrate with Akash Network.
  - Zach supported the importance of case studies and prioritizing them in documentation.
  - Discussion on managing bandwidth and prioritizing tasks.

- **Discussion on Quick Start Guide for Deployment:**
  - Tyler emphasized the need for a one-pager or video guide on deploying via CLI and console.
  - Zach agreed on the importance of a simple and quick guide for new users.
  - Bold Panther suggested having someone with experience in Akash create the content.
  - Tyler proposed assigning the task and prioritizing it higher than the contact page.
  - Agreement to possibly add the quick start guide to the Essentials tab on the website.

**Implementation of New Effects on Icons:**
- Hero initiated changes to icon hover effects, making the color change to red.
- Denis appreciated the initiative, confirming that the changes are pending final approval and merge.
- Bold Panther is addressing bugs noticed in Hero's pull request before merging.

**Documentation Issues and Improvements:**
- Bold Panther discussed improvements to the documentation pages, such as auto-opening the first page when clicking on sections.
- Noted a bug where refreshing the page defaults to the homepage, which is being fixed.
- Heroâ€™s pull request is under testing before being merged. Bold Panther is ensuring all issues are resolved.

**Additional Issues and Assignments:**
- Tyler proposed inviting Hero to these meetings for better coordination, despite language barriers.
- Bold Panther emphasized Hero's daily contributions and active engagement in resolving issues.
- Tyler mentioned a new issue regarding updates to the console page, to be created and managed on Discord. If Thomas cannot handle it, the task will be outsourced to the community.
- Denis, Zach, and Bold Panther confirmed there were no additional issues to discuss.

## Action Items
**Denis Lelic:**
- Review and finalize the speaker order based on Zach's rankings.
- Follow up on portraits and titles for Akash Accelerate speakers.
- Provide Piyush with the necessary information and illustrations for the Akash Accelerate page.
- Continue improving accessibility graphics for the Engineer Docs.

**Zach Horn:**
- Assist Denis with the ranked list of speakers.
- Help finalize the run of show and ensure it is updated.
- Provide feedback on the contact page idea and help map it out.

**Tyler Wright:**
- Create a new issue for the console page updates and manage it via Discord.
- Discuss the new issue with Thomas and reassign if necessary.
- Ensure consistent use of "Core Team Akash Network" in all documents.
- Invite Hero to future meetings and ensure he is informed about meeting schedules.

**Bold Panther:**
- Continue addressing bugs in Hero's pull request and ensure it is merged after thorough testing.
- Work on visual updates and accessibility improvements for the documentation.
- Coordinate with Hero on daily contributions and ensure all issues are properly addressed before merging.
- Develop and refine the quick start guide for deployment with input from experienced team members.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the working group for the Akash website. It is May 16th 2024 during these working group sessions that happened by weekly the group gets together to go over any issues in the website talk about anything that needs to be improved or updated. Again. The website is the main Hub past that Network for all things related to Akashi Network the docs also live under this website repo. So again, if anybody wants to participate in finding issues or helping improve the website, feel free to join this working group session that meets weekly around this time as well as get involved in Discord the working group of cost website Channel. There's a number of issues that I would like to discuss today, but I'm going to kick it over.

Tyler Wright: To boss man Denis to see if there's anything he wants to covered agenda wise before we get into some of these issues.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Thanks one thing really quickly

Denis Lelic: regarding the page Akash accelerate. So I was just wondering about the speakers And what order should we present? So I didn't really put much thought so I was just thinking like Eric.

Denis Lelic: Probably should be on top somewhere like the first line maybe Greg but For the rest of them. maybe Zach you have the most awareness who's the I don't want to say most important but Who do we want to present first Maybe?

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's right. I mean we do have to order these. Would it be easiest if I just rank the names and then you can adjust? Okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, maybe you can just DM me the list. So we got the first batch of these portraits.

Zach Horn: Yep.

Denis Lelic: There's an extra round of Corrections going on at probably now as we speak or so

Zach Horn: I was going to mention that as well do we know which ones are being worked on?

Denis Lelic: Pretty much all of them. from The New Batch, so Maybe Lexus Some of them I have two thick limes and stuff like that.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: So David needs some work here.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so I just forgotten name The illustrator to make thing Corrections, so I'm hoping I'll receive those today next to that I have. I'm missing a title for David Johnson. And we're still kind of waiting for a couple of them. So another I just put CEO of bread Dev. but we're still waiting for his information

Zach Horn: Yeah. That is correct. But yes, we do need to confirm. And just while we're on the topic. going forward for these just know assumptions on titles. I had to talk with Greg about that the other day we just have to confirm with these people directly. It's a little bit of a pain because we have to go through and contact people if we don't know, but we just have to do it if you need me for anything on that. Just let me know. I can push things along.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Great. Yeah, I know Amanda has been sending emails and stuff like that or the speakers Just to verify all the information we got from them. So yeah.

Zach Horn: One which is what we're looking at this page one quick change we could make is for our team titles. So a Neo and Chang title titles are correct a Neil's preferred as a VP of product andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Engineering so you can just do VPN product and Engineering overclock Labs do an ampersand for hand.

Zach Horn: And then this is the tricky part. I would suggest core team Akash Network. Like we're doing for the business cards that whole the hype in creators of I just don't love but this is minor we can talk about it. Later. Just thinking out loud while I'm looking at the page.

00:05:00

Zach Horn: I don't want to derail at all but huge while we have you just a little feedback. I'm honestly curious when you see core team Akash Network like that. does that make sense to you? do you think that'll make sense to people that aren't us, like what that means.

Bold Panther: Can you repeat the first word? what did you say when you say Decap?

Zach Horn: Yeah. Yeah, you see where it says core team Akash Network in a title there.

Bold Panther: mmm

Zach Horn: I'm curious. does that make sense to you and you think it'll make sense to people outside of the overclock Labs team? That's what something we've been talking about. I'm just looking for a little outside feedback.

Bold Panther: So yeah, I think that's pretty clear. when we say creators of team Akash Network. It doesn't make sense these request belongs like These are the speakers who are the gold team of Akash, and then we are mentioning the roles of others as well in a particular organization.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Bold Panther: So, I think it just makes sense you For me, both were dealings make sense, either creators of core team Akash network, but as we are mentioning core team everywhere. So I think coding doesn't make no sense as compared to creators of akashion.

Zach Horn: Okay, perfect. Yeah, but I feel better. At least we have one point of a outside feedback.

Denis Lelic: yeah, it's Yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Alright, so sorry Denis back to you take it away.

Denis Lelic: so Pierce, I know you've been waiting.

Denis Lelic: On this design just to update the page. So as soon as I have all the information regarding, titles and updating those updated illustrations all dmu. It's not probably going to take much effort in time to do the update.

Bold Panther: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Everything is pretty much there. So we just need to populate with proper andâ€¦

Bold Panther: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: correct information.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Bold Panther: So I as soon as I get it will be hardly truths of daily thing. So just driving on the film and

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah. The other thing is we don't have the final. Run of show yet. So I was just thinking if we should leave it. this kind of blurred a little bit because we're still kind of trying to figure out the

Denis Lelic: Who's going to talk at which time and so on and so on and so on? So, what do you guys think? we can do first batch updating the speakers and second batch. I'm not sure if this is gonna happen this week, but in the beginning of the next week, we should update the Run of show.

Denis Lelic: What do you think guys?

Denis Lelic: Zach I know you've been involved in all of this stuff

Zach Horn: Yeah for what I would say Is that there's some changes going on currently, so I'm in two minds about it one. We can update as it comes in and just understand that it may change and that's probably fine. I do agree that we can't have a coming soon forever. yeah, I'm Exactly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean next week.

Zach Horn: Yeah coming soon until the day before.

Zach Horn: Yeah, let me do this because there's some conversations going in the background around what the order of some of these things are going to be and there's some shifts happening at the moment. Let's see if we can get to a roughly finalize schedule by the end of today. Let's call it the end of the week. Just be safe under the day tomorrow andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: then if some of the major things that we're working on now get sorted we can just update and make it visible is if it has to shift from there. that's probably fine. I don't think anyone's gonna be like, keeping receipts on this or anything so

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Okay, cool.

Zach Horn: One quick thing for MC of the day that's going to be Amanda andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: that's locked in so we can just update that. So that's an easy one we could switch.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool, so, I think that's everything and that's happening on this front of Akash accelerate so I think that. next action items are updating all of the information portraits illustration and so on and hopefully tomorrow we're gonna have a run of show

Denis Lelic: And some shape or form maybe not final but yeah. getting that

Denis Lelic: one sack

Denis Lelic: just want to run through the latest. issues so website repo

Denis Lelic: Okay, the new issue has been created by fresh 44 minutes ago. So users have mentioned that it's difficult to contact the core team through the website was wondering if we can add a simple contact page to send messages to different departments. This would be a quick thing. It can be a page accessible from the footer. We can Implement and we got Piers here replying. we can Implement a functionality that allows users to send messages to record via email through a simple forms Mission. We do also have a support page to reach out. Okay.

Zach Horn: Okay, let me jump in.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I was waiting for this one. I was stretching and prepping.

Zach Horn: so good feedback.

Zach Horn: Here are the two issues. one I get that some people are more comfortable with email than with this chord or Twitter and all that. that said those channels are gonna be 1,000 times more responsive than catch all email addresses the obvious thing that's gonna happen with this is we're going to put in a bunch of emails and they're gonna get unlimited much spam. And there will be some legitimate messages in there, but then it comes down to our people checking the email who's owning the threads in the email. So what we're proposing here is going to create a ton of fractionalization of Outreach. I've been of the mind up to this point that although we're forcing some people who would rather email to go to Discord that keeps it in one place and we have support there. So that's my feeling on it. I'm not.

Zach Horn: I'm not going to throw all my weight against this but it's not quite as simple as it was made out in the internal discussions and here. I'm open to finding a solution but I go ahead because I'm clear. I'm curious what you guys think.

Tyler Wright: I agree with many of your points. So here's how I have it going, in my mind. Basically have a contact page that has a couple of drop-downs some of those being Business Development, and then it lends you lets you send an email if you're looking for technical support. It won't let you send an email and it pushes you into Discord.

Bold Panther: actually just

Tyler Wright: So it would be specific things and then on the email front like we do with a number of different emails. What I think should happen is these emails whether it be Business Development or whatever other ones we let people send messages through it goes to a number of people within the core team.

Tyler Wright: and then as an ownership standpoint again, we could either this is something that I would see I'm always looking at those emails anyway, and I can continue to push those forward in different directions or somebody else could but I understand exactly what you're saying My only pushback is there are a number of web2 folks that don't seem to be able to hop over that hurdle as easy as it is, and if there's a way to catch some more of those and to your point about spam if there's a way to kind of Filter that out through some sort of a simple robot system or something. That would be great because I do think that would be an issue. But I'm of the mind that it may just be worth it for that web to audience that I know.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Many people within the Cosh Community have talked about trying to capture and I think it's a challenge, I mean, it's not technically speaking. It's not a challenge for somebody big. Alright, I just got to go and Discord and then I can get my question answered in two seconds, but it seems to be a hurdle that people from traditional web to can't seem to hop over.

Zach Horn: I'm with you on that. I mean obviously it is but here's the thing. if that's the cohort that we're talking about that is going to be the first of 50 hurdles. so it's like okay, we're going to get them over the first hurdle and then 49 more hurdles. So I agree with you. none of this is me be doing this but We do.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: The way it's being presented at this point. It's just not that simple and I don't

Zach Horn: I don't want to take us down a path where? We put this in place and it just creates a ton of complexity that we've already done a great job of Outsourcing to the community via the vanguards. So What I would say is let's not rush on this one. Frankly. This is not priority to me. especially in the next two weeks we Call it 10 other things that are priority. This is not one of them.

Zach Horn: The other thing that we will run into with this is the Evergreen issue of it's a decentralized network So when you say contact us, who are you contacting? You could get around that by saying the core team. But then that needs to be defined so if you land on Akash Network and you say you're contacting the core team, who is that? So that's an issue that's been on the table for quite a while.

Tyler Wright: I agree with that point.

Tyler Wright: I'm fine to slow this down for a couple of weeks. I just want to at least think about the problem.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Bold Panther: out there Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I know it's like a challenging problem Zach. I've not disagreeing with any of the points that you're saying, but I would just argue. Yes, it's gonna be 49 other hurdles.

Bold Panther: of

Tyler Wright: I agree with that wholeheartedly, but If we can eliminate the first one to at least we can get talking to them. And we can carry them over those hurdles or right now. It seems like they can't even carry themselves or understand to move around into discourse, and again,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah. right

Tyler Wright: I'm only talking about some of that audience that we seem like we want to get everybody in the community like web 2 do you think come over the web 3 everybody seems to be talking about that same thing and then

Tyler Wright: Yeah not.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I got it. But an email address is not going to solve that although I do feel strongly about it as well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Bold Panther: first

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Okay, let's do this because this go ahead push and I'm curious what you think as well.

Bold Panther: So I think there is a lot of our lab between the support page and the contact page that we are thinking. So what here we can do is we can create a common contact us page which has all the support elements like we mentioned with proper cards for reaching out on Discord. There is an explanations and also another social profiles and for business developments as Tyler said we can have a small section where people are looking for business development Partnerships and all the form. So the state we can have a dedicated page for reaching out on socials and more like dedicated things. We can have small sections in here we can have just business development for the needs technical support and all we can just mention the socials that we already have and by inside this and gods

Tyler Wright: Fish I think that makes sense to Zach's point. Maybe we should just spend a little bit of time mapping it out in the comments section here. I know that Denis has been busy and I know that have the structure of the site down. So maybe this is something that you can like kind of loosely again. This is probably gonna fall lower priorities and some of the other issues I have in here, but when the time is right, you can kind of map it out and we can have a discussion here. My only feedback is I believe that currently is a form and there was push back on the form is too many questions, So again like to Zach's point, maybe this is not something that we should be trying to prioritize because there's so many

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Something that seems seemingly is so easy to overcome things to be like a challenge for the audience that we're going after.

Zach Horn: One thingâ€¦

Denis Lelic: better but

Bold Panther: should

Zach Horn: what type form is even being referred to here. I'm on the home page of the website now.

Tyler Wright: So this might be something we have to think through a little bit more over a period of time. So that I was trying to look for that last night.

Zach Horn: Good. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: would say if you have any thoughts about But yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: the support page and maybe the contact page come together drop those in here and I don't know.

Tyler Wright: 

Zach Horn: So let's do this.

Zach Horn: Let me take a run at this internallyâ€¦

Tyler Wright: maybe even do support some with some figma filesâ€¦

Zach Horn: because â€¦

Tyler Wright: because I know that again you have design resources on your team.

Zach Horn: it's not getting into it on this call. But anyway, I'm not even sure what type form is being referred to here.

Tyler Wright: I think Denis is working nine million things ahead of Akash accelerateâ€¦

Zach Horn: And if you look on the home page.

Tyler Wright: but unhappy to slow this down over next couple of weeks andâ€¦

Zach Horn: We have joined the community with four links to channels to contact us. So yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: think it through more fully andâ€¦

Zach Horn: let's just vet this internally a little bit. Let's slow it down for the moment.

Tyler Wright: just have more time to think about it. Yeah.

Zach Horn: It's a good idea, but we need to just be clear about how it gets implemented.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, one thing regarding that feedback, I kind of laughed because whoever said that we've been trying to reach you for months,

Zach Horn: Right, right. That was my thought as well. It's like, you've been trying to reach us for months and there's multiple contact channels right here. I mean that speaks to let me stop myself before I go too far. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yes that I were all the same page there. That's why I keep on saying the web 2 audience seems to not be able to hop over a simple hurdle orâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Zach Horn: â€¦

Tyler Wright: at least some folks that we heard from

Zach Horn: web 2 but here's a link to Twitter right here. Do you know what the DM feature is, have you heard of that and want to anyway,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah.

Zach Horn: let's table it.

Denis Lelic: Wait until they hear about crypto wallets.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I'm with just it's a good idea. I do get that some people are just more comfortable with email and that's totally valid. We should solve for it, but This is I mean man, we have some high priority things on the table. So it let's just slow roll it for a couple weeks. And once we get back from a consensus, let's figure out how to do it.

Denis Lelic: Agree, and I agree with Tyler and maybe we just keep this discussion alive here and under this issue If you have time in research to drop some ideas, I'm gonna have a look at this thing as well.

Bold Panther: If you guys don't mind can I so I'm pretty much aware about â€¦

Denis Lelic: 

Bold Panther: the issues so it could be great if I can share other CNN share some of the study paid for the other issues. Welcome.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, sure.

Bold Panther: So yeah, I'm sharing machine.

Bold Panther: So these are the two issues that is being opened by a type one is related to a little relevantages of shares for streamlining the first language understanding of integration with Akash Network. Another is a simple yet meaningful explanation could apply hello Industrial in five minutes or less with Some mentions on the blocks. So accordingly I prepared some visuals like how we can implement this. So on the docks on page we could have this quick start section where we just create two tiles how to integrate with the cost Network referencing a cost. Yes, and secondly deploy hello world is still in five minutes or less. So with the explanations, so I just want to get something back on this what you guys think about this.

Tyler Wright: I start menu. I don't know how it differs from Essentials. But I guess it's faster. I can give some perspective on these if anybody needs those and why I created them if that helps.

Tyler Wright: Okay, on how to integrate with Akash, there's a number of projects that reach out to us all the time and say that they've looked at our documentation and our Akashi, s is a repo and that's how a number of folks are integrating with Akash are also using Akash API. But it's not readily accessible on how they can integrate so that they have to have a conversation with us and then they find out about Akash and then they have to go back and do some due diligence to get up to speed and usually it's everything that they need. So we have a number of projects that are building or integrating with the Class via that way I'm not sure this necessarily needs to be on the home page. I actually liked what PS is put together. So I'll say that my personal opinion is I like those two tiles on the home page, but my thought process for this page was

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Just a page and documentation that somebody can see andâ€¦

Bold Panther: just

Tyler Wright: it's just simple copy, we kind of talked about some documentation where we have some header Pages. Whereas it's like if you want to be a provider and this is something more rely on Zach for just a higher level copy that leads into more technical copy, but it'd be great to have a page and documentation. That's just like if you are a project that's looking to integrate with Akash and leverage, deploy or be able to build providers. Here's how a number of projects are doing. They're using akashias repo. Here's They're using Akash API. Here's how you access it. And so now we maybe don't follow up with us. They just know they can go to documentation and This is the next steps and then they can go into specific channels and Discord or they can reach out to us for further help. So that was my thought process on the first one. So I'll stop there and then we can talk about the scl and five minutes.

Tyler Wright: Less Dynasty I have questions.

Tyler Wright: I love the idea of a case study as I talked to individuals.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I always try to push them to. once you're done with the integration, it would be great to do a case study and then obviously our connect on the Zach as soon as possible, but just from a user experience standpoint. I do think a number of Engineers go to the documentation first before they go to other sections of the website to look for this kind of information. So I'm not saying you're just saying it shouldn't live there but at the very least I think some of these elements should live pretty high up in cumeation. easily searchable

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think I saw handwren up.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if Zach had something.

Zach Horn: No, I didn't but I end up. Yeah, which one of the four of us this gigantic crowd? Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: Maybe it was my hand.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I love I mean just real quick.

Tyler Wright: and then

Zach Horn: I case studies are great. I mean that is absolutely something we should be doing on the website even with sections on the website. how other unnamed large Cloud providers do it where they basically service people that are using, their resources and how they're using them and make it super easy to see who's building that's fantastic to be quite honest. It comes down a little bit to a band with issue, but that can be reprioritized. So I would say if we want to get into that. we just need to decide how that's what the team. Because everyone's just pressed for time.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: If you want to share anything else.

00:30:00

Bold Panther: No, I don't have anything specific right now.

Tyler Wright: I

Tyler Wright: So this is the second issue based upon I guess feedback that members of the core team have talked about previously again. I think there's a number of on the website, but it'd be great to have a one-pager and maybe that also has a video in it. That's just like here's how you deploy and it will give you how to deploy via CLI with a couple of commands and then also give you how to deploy via the console maybe with a video and hopefully I'll make it very very easy for new users to in a couple of clicks be able to at least deploy hello world, and then they can just

Tyler Wright: Scale up from there. I know it's something we previously had on the website. We previously talked about in five minutes or less. I don't know if we want to use that language. I leave that up to the content King Zach, but this is just an idea that I think should just be more prevalent and just an easier guide for new users. Just here's how to do the simplest thing. And quit very quickly and then people can scale up from there.

Zach Horn: I agree with that. Yes, we should do that aside on a lighter note with all these titles, content King, not to derail, but kings an ancient way back Louie the 15th or whatever they'd have 15 titles. That's a little bit what I feel like it's like head of marketing content King, give me some more I'll take as many titles as I can get.

Tyler Wright: Will do.

Zach Horn: anyway Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Good.

Zach Horn: No, I agree with that point.

Tyler Wright: Peers I would say this is higher priority than that contact page by a significant margin,

Bold Panther: So yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Bold Panther: this looks great. So for Hello World Series or something that we can do for the cost. Yes. I need someone who is working with akashias for long so will be easier basically we need a proper explanations of how to integrate with the cost using and all if someone is working with the costumes And can create something a proper content would be great for this section.

Tyler Wright: but Yeah, I will have so maybe one the first one to yourself and I'll sign the second one to somebody else. assign the second one to me, I guess and then I will sign to somebody else. But if you can assign that one to yourself and prioritize this page, that would be stupendous because again, I know this is something that works members of internal team if we can update this and make it quite easy. Yeah. There we go, then yeah, that'd be great. And I have no problem with that quick start menu, but it may be if you're very Fast in being able to make those changes which would be great. Maybe we could just add it to the essentials tab for now because it seems like there's one area that's open.

Tyler Wright: And maybe we could put what is Akash Network and then move the sdl down to and with tokens and wallets and then we can just move how to deploy in five minutes or less, to that top block. I wasn't preparing my screen the entire time,â€¦

Bold Panther: yeah,

Tyler Wright: but I think you know what I'm talking about.

Bold Panther: Yeah.

Bold Panther: purpose Then we have this issue.

Tyler Wright: I'll go ahead.

Bold Panther: So it's all here for the past issues.

Tyler Wright: Yes. I was gonna bring up a new issue that I'm gonna create but we talked about previously so you go ahead and I'll just add that issue.

Bold Panther: So this is something that is created by 0 so, implemented some more effects on we have the taste. So I requested the feedback from him. He also provided the link probably so. The holy we affects are previously we had the red as you can see when I over it becomes said it was not there for the state say implemented the thing for this year. So

Bold Panther: so probably as link is not on the latest one but implemented the whole effect for these three icons and also the icons for the putter. So this is something that will be more. So when I work as you can see the color is not changing to red as some like this one so it will be something that is implemented. So it will be most soon to the

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Is that something he just? done self-initiated

Bold Panther: Yeah, he initiated this thing. Yeah. Then this is something that is spending from Tom.

Denis Lelic: Okay, that's nice.

Bold Panther: So accessibility that is So it's also pending so we will just have to provide the graphics. So as we can see. in it

Bold Panther: So engineer dogs, there are some graphics which are not that great. the text can be improved a bit to increase the visualization issues. So yeah, I'm working on it. I will provide the graphics to you update it. so I think We did it here for one.

Denis Lelic: an article

Bold Panther: So yeah, I will check over it.

Denis Lelic: cool

Bold Panther: This is something that is on the discussion. So this is something that has been created by so the issue was this

Bold Panther: When we go to the docs and when we click over it, it's not opening any of the pages. So the solution was this which is being a bring up by Tom that when we click over this it should open up the first page automatically like this. So when I click on get started Edition automatically open the cost of the first page similarly when I open up the drop of any of these drop down, let's say providers. It should automatically open the first page that is this instead of clicking on sale drops around that we have so I think this is a great improvements and the US governments and I think hero worked on this issue and there are few books that I noticed in history. So I'm fixing those issues. There are issues in each the other day not least one of the issue was like When we are on this page. and when we will clicking the refresh button it was

Bold Panther: Making the dogfish widely for it was taking the dog space to the default version that is homepage, which is not the case in the current version. So these are few shoes to they were two books in his PR. So I'm just fixing those books and most accordingly As you can see this is the pr that has been created. So it's under testing and we are testing internally before merging it to the official site. now other issues are kind of like Okay, this is something that is also being updated by Hero.

Tyler Wright: I think that would be a great Improvement.

Bold Panther: As you can see like itâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I know we talked about it here andâ€¦

Bold Panther: what they show us stated by energy to add this traffic.

Tyler Wright: cs. thank you pierce andâ€¦

Bold Panther: So he created the pr And I requested the feedback from Android and Yeah.

Tyler Wright: let us know if you need anything before merging that would be amazing.

Bold Panther: he provided some of the feedbacks andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: A one more thing.

Bold Panther: accordingly hero iterated.

Denis Lelic: Would it make sense to invite hero to these meetings?

Bold Panther: so I think

Bold Panther: Right now I also requested few of the changes that. He probably just fixed and I will just recheck the issues and after finalizing things that we have will be much so, Yes, probably he missed out on meeting. I notified in that meeting is happening. So, let me see the message again.

Bold Panther: 

Tyler Wright: Here previously andâ€¦

Bold Panther: that's all.

Tyler Wright: he knows that they exist. I think he's sometimes doing some other stuffâ€¦

Bold Panther: son

Tyler Wright: but I keep in contact with them a number of times during the week andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: cool

Tyler Wright: I know I can continue to get more involved so We'll make sure that if he can he comes to Future meetings. I know he' Maybe has a couple of languages. There's a maybe better able to communicate via messaging, but I'll ask them to join.

Denis Lelic: Cool, It's just nice to see people getting involved in these issues and

00:40:00

Denis Lelic: communities growing cool

Bold Panther: yeah, so yes also here is everyday brings me up in the morning. So because about the issues that are pending so I don't guide them that you can work on this issues and all and then after he creates a PR there is a constructive feedback within our team also the court sometimes in this case, so I try to make sure that everything is properly done before getting it most of the site. So yeah, I'm also I would all say Heroes predictive a daily in contributing to the cost Network site or possible weeks.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Denis Lelic: I think with touched some of these issues in our previous sessions, so hopefully when this accelerate thing is behind us, I'm gonna find some more time to go through this issues and just provide assets and whatever it's necessary. so

Denis Lelic: yeah, I think we went pretty much through the whole thing. Unless you want to talk about something else.

Zach Horn: Nothing on my side. I think we're pretty good.

Bold Panther: just

Denis Lelic: cool Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: Me too. Thank you all.

Bold Panther: So there was no issues. So that was talking about we will create an issues.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'll create Offline and then I'll drop it in Discord. It's just an issue we talked about previously related to making updates to the console page. I believe Thomas is going to work on that. But if Thomas doesn't have the bandwidth and I'm just gonna Outsource it to somebody else in the community. And again, we just have to pull images from

Tyler Wright: a new beta version which I'll give folks access to but should be very quick and easy. And that's his life right now. But I'll create an issue for that and I thought with Thomas if Thomas can't handle it then again. I will see if anybody else from the community can handle it, but we'll look to get that done over the next couple of days.

Denis Lelic: I was good.

Tyler Wright: Allâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: y'all. Yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Thanks for joining.

Tyler Wright: thank you very much. Enjoy these meetings. I'll talk to you all in two weeks. If not before async,â€¦

Bold Panther: have

Tyler Wright: but let me know. If you have any questions about the deploy in five minutes, and we can just keep that pushing.

Bold Panther: So yeah, I will let you know.

Tyler Wright: awesome Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Thanks guys.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Take care.

Bold Panther: Thank you.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: We're getting a tourism.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Boy owner has something to say. Good.

Tyler Wright: for seven years ago, but he was setting what your deal so

Tyler Wright: in a salary so retain ing Bird, right but after this agent also representing Kevin Garnett baptisms He is full condition from that contract and that is how the contract Behavior. As a result the commission. ER David sturt to spend a typical

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: art one year. He also find the team. 3.5 million dollars and most importantly presentation of or other next five first round draft picks completing the franchise building a championship and around that just as he was entering the proud of his.

Tyler Wright: I

Tyler Wright: put the savior.

Meeting ended after 00:53:23 ðŸ‘‹

