# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #31

## Agenda
- Review issues in the GitHub website repository.
- Open discussion for any website-related topics.
- Discuss the proposal to combine Akash website working group with SIG documentation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, June 13, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://urav5nq4ipj2qxxrryzspu67zqhcsvxc7iuv6mk7wkniixznkkmq.arweave.net/pEFethxD06he8Y4zJ9PfzA4pVuL6KV8xX7KahF8tUpk)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

- Bold Panther
- Denis Lelic
- Fenil Modi
- Hiroyuki's AI Notetaker (from Otter.ai)
- Rodri R
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes

- **Introduction**
  - Tyler Wright welcomed attendees and set the agenda for the meeting.

- **GitHub Website Repository Issues**
  - Tyler shared his screen to review current issues in the website repo.
  - Tyler emphasized the importance of closing resolved issues. 
  - Bold Panther confirmed there are no unnecessary open issues and will monitor for any that need closing.
  - Issues related to documentation are labeled for easy tracking.
  - Insiders and Akash Community members have shown interest in contributing to documentation.

- **Discussion on Combining Working Groups**
  - Tyler Wright proposed combining the Akash website working group with SIG documentation.
  - The combined group would meet weekly to discuss high-level documentation items and contributions to the documentation site and website.
  - The goal is to have a more cohesive approach to managing both website and documentation updates.
  - The new combined meeting would be called the "Akash Website and Docs Working Group."
  - The purpose is to streamline discussions and encourage more participation.
  - Tyler noted that the current working group has good participation and sees potential for more involvement from those who couldn't attend today.

- **Praetor App Documentation**
  - Discussion on the Praetor app documentation, which is not currently on the Akash Network docs.
  - Plans to integrate Praetor app documentation with upcoming changes in the Console 2.0 product strategy.
  - Denis Lelic will connect with relevant team members to discuss migrating or adapting Praetor docs.

- **New and Ongoing Issues**
  - New issues mainly concern documentation.
  - Tyler and Denis highlighted the importance of addressing older issues as well.
  - Encouragement for community members to get involved in resolving these issues.
  - Denis is available on Discord to assist anyone interested in contributing.
- **Community Involvement**
  - Tyler and Denis reiterated the call for more community contributions.
  - Denis is available on Discord to assist anyone interested in contributing.
  - Information will be divided into development and community pages.
  - Bold Panther offered to take on the implementation.

 - **Provider Page Experience and Pricing Page:**
   - Denis will revive the issue on provider pages and provide solutions.
   - Key views: provider grid map and locality map need to be more accessible.
   - Denis and Zach will work on improving the website navigation to make these views easily reachable.
   - Combine general pricing and GPU pricing into a single page.
   - Utilize hashtag functionality to direct users to specific sections.
   - Zach emphasized the importance of clear pricing information, especially for comparison with other cloud providers.
   - Bold Panther will mock up the combined pricing page on a staging site for review.

- **Website Content Updates and Analytics:**
   - Zach plans to make copy updates directly through PRs.
   - This will not affect MPS as changes will sync with the main website before contributing.
   - Bold Panther to discuss with Zach offline about cleaning up data sources.
   - Focus on pulling active data sources from active properties and structuring GA.

- **GPU Announcements and Contact Page:**
   - Consider adding 4090 GPUs to the announcement bar due to high demand.
   - Zach noted the rule of three for the announcement bar and suggested integrating 4090s if it doesn't disrupt the existing structure.
   - Tyler and Zach discussed the flow and support for a contact page.
   - Agreement to mock up a defined modal for the contact page and test it on a staging site.

 - **Ongoing Pull Requests:**
   - Piyush mentioned an issue needing icon names for menu items.
   - Denis to provide the necessary names.
   - A new PR from a community member to add instructions for importing existing wallets needs minor fixes before merging.
   - Piyush emphasized maintaining high-quality contributions to the website and is open to fixing issues himself if contributors are unable to.
   - Tyler mentioned an influx of new contributors from the community.
   - Emphasized maintaining the website's high standards and providing constructive feedback.

**Action Items:**
- Tyler Wright to send a reminder message on Discord about the new combined meeting structure.
- Denis Lelic to follow up with the team about migrating Praetor app documentation.
- Denis Lelic and Bold Panther to work on streamlining information between development and community pages.
- Denis Lelic to revisit and improve the unified experience for providers and pricing page, with input from Zach Horn.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the working group for the Akashi website. This is a weekly working group. Today is June 13th, 20.4. Thank you to all that have joined.

Tyler Wright: There's a couple of agenda items that I want to discuss today. Usually we go through the issues in the GitHub website repo folks can bring up anything that they want to discuss rage the website and then we can continue on one thing that I wanted to discuss and people can show thumbs up or thumbs down if they want but there's been recent discussion in save documentation about combining the working group for their class website and the working and elements of sync documentation. So I think the idea is that we would have is say documentation meeting once every other month to talk about high level documentation items. But anything related to the doc site and contributions to docs would be a part of the working group for the class website. So maybe we change a name to work and go for their cost website and docs being now all the work that bold Panther.

Tyler Wright: Team have done on the website revamp and being at the Docks are under the website. The idea was to have a combined weekly meeting where we talked about all things cs and website related. If we need more than the hour, then we would figure out what that looks like. But again, this will be a time for people to talk about contributions. They want to make to documentation site to the website in general. So this is idea that was floated in sync documentation. I would like to move forward with this idea because again, I think this working group has a lot of participation. There's a number of people that are looking to get more involved and may not be able to make this meeting today but want to get more involved in supporting the website. So again, I think there's a lot of participation here and should be meeting every other week so we can stay as up to date on all things website and documentation related as possible does anyone

Tyler Wright: Concerned about having some folks from the documentation working or a Sig going this weekly meeting and just having a combined website and documentation meeting.

Tyler Wright: Okay, I see one So I don't see any thumbs down that's leading to believe that nobody has any issue with that. Cool starting in two weeks again. I'll drop a message and Discord just to remind folks but I think starting in two weeks. We'll start to have more folks in the documentation side here as well to go over documentation updates improvements Etc.

Tyler Wright: continuing to move along. I know this is something that we use as a source of Truth. So I'm happy to share my screen actually real fast, but there are a number of issues in the website repo. I've tried my best to close issues that I believe are done, but does anybody see any issues In the website repo that do not need to be here anymore or is there any issues that are live right now that? Anybody wants to discuss.

Tyler Wright: Here's I know that you are talking to me about closing some of these issues. Is there any issues if you still see here a close a couple recently that I saw PR's were already merged for and reference but for some of these other issues, I didn't see any PRS attached so led me to believe in the work hasn't been done, but I could be wrong about that.

Bold Panther: setting it's fine so far. I don't see any issues That are pending to be closed. So I think everything is closed and all the issues that are open right now are open issues. So if I find any I will close the ones later

Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent. there are a couple of issues that have been added again. I've been for issues that are related to docs. I've been trying to put a label or documentation just so it's easier for people to see and track.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Are an Insider and Akash Community member has been talking to me about ways. They want to get involved with documentation.

Bold Panther: Okay.

Tyler Wright: I think they've already submitted a PR and we'll continue to submit more PRS. There's a couple of actually insiders that have showed interest as of recently and getting involved with documentation. So again, there are a number of people that'll look to get involved with documentation the website but one of the issues is around the Prater act with the acquisition the Prater app documentation isn't currently on the constant Network docs. I know there's going to be significant changes to the way the Prager app looks and feels in the future as a part of the console 2.0 product strategy, but there is some thought about at least having their current state today. Just so people can find a documentation one place. Does anyone have any thoughts concerns about this particular issue? Go ahead Denis.

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: Thanks, I've briefly talked about greater dogs with the voluntar.

Tyler Wright: Before we look to continue to assign it to somebody and get the work done.

Denis Lelic: I'm just gonna connect again with them to see if they have any plans to migrate those dogs or at least adopt those dogs to match the console So we have a clear Direction on this thing.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if you could show them this issue and let them know that there is a team member willing to do it if they feel like it might be too difficult. Then we can have this Community member work on something else. There's also another member of the parade or team that's not part of the overclock team. that is an Insider about Saul that may be able to help with this as well because I believe he's previously done ux work and continue to do ux work for Crater. So there's something to also talk about but if you can Follow up with bigger and default I'd be amazing.

Denis Lelic: Cool. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so there's a bunch of new issues mostly regarding the docs.

Denis Lelic: Just going through them. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: There's also a couple of old issues that I would love to see. worked on I know that Denis is working on 9 million things.

Denis Lelic: the number one

Tyler Wright: Just the number one.

Tyler Wright: But there are a number issues. And again, in Sig design, we had some conversations about folks that want to get more involved with helping again design some of these experiences so that they can be implemented. But yeah, I just want to shout out that again. There's anybody wants to get involved and some of these things that feel free to

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Thanks time anyone who's interested can also M me on Discord. I'll be happy to take you through all this stuff. We've been working on and continue to work on.

Bold Panther: So I think at this point we should address the number one issues that is about streamlining. That's the information related to the community and development. So we divide the problem information between these two pages a development or related content being in development page and the community related things in being in the community page. So I think this is something if the otms busy this is something that I can. Data ui4 and can start taking it forward for the implementations.

Denis Lelic: Yeah from my side tie. I feel let me I'll just go back as well to couple of other issues.

Denis Lelic: One is like this unified experience for providers. I think that was created by Zach so in the next couple of days

Denis Lelic: I'll try to. Bring that issue back to life and just provide some ideas Solutions there. I think I already did a couple of weeks ago, but I'll just go through it again to see what other options there and how can we improve that? page and the same goes for

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Pricing I know Zach I think after accelerate happened, we should do something about the pricing page. The information is a bit kind of scattered and behind a couple of curtains. So just try to bring that up front. So it's informational easy to reach and so on and so on so maybe from top of my head just like those two issues. And of course the community number one issue as well always on my mind.

Zach Horn: Yeah, both of those would be greatâ€¦

Bold Panther: Yeah.

Zach Horn: which is the provider issue you're mentioning is that the old issue that was created a long time ago kind of towards the bottom of the list.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I just found it.

Bold Panther: No. So no,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Here it is.

Bold Panther: so it's related to the issue that's been created by one of the community members. I think yesterday. It's extreme in the information about the provider on the tops.

Denis Lelic: not

Denis Lelic: No, no, it's not the docs related this one. It was created by Zach. So yeah you're right. It was way back in February, so what we kind of discussed this in the comment section here in the GitHub and in the threads and so on but I'll just try to keep this thing alive until we reach something. Everyone is happy with and it's ready to implement.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I would love to move on this and just at least put some work behind it. And Denis you're not gonna chat offline if you need anything for me on it because there's two main things one is we need to streamline the provider pages. So essentially when somebody lands on the website, they should be able to easily see who are the providers on the network and if you jump into that issue the one that tennis linked these two screens are the most important by long way. So we just need to make sure that people can get to these two visualizations as quickly as possible because this is what people want to see it's like ing. This provider map with the grid which is excellent. And then the locality map you can see where the providers are around the world. So they're a little buried at this point and that's I mean we did a lot of work to just get the website off the ground. Yeah. Thanks time.

Zach Horn: We did a ton of work to get the website off the ground, but my one piece of feedback is the things are a little bit scattered at this point, things are buried behind layers of navigation. So some of that's okay in certain instances, but I do think for some of these very important views that people want to see right away. We should just bring them closer to the surface. so yeah, I'm with you Dennis. let's move on this and just get it done. What was the other issue that you brought up? There was a provider streamlining and then the pricing right? right

Denis Lelic: Pricing we kind of talked through mostly DMS and I think there was no yeah,â€¦

Bold Panther: slide

Denis Lelic: I think Pierce was involved there as well. So

Zach Horn: I'll Do you mind Denis by just give you my one piece of the context of why that even came up at all? So I was at consensus with a couple weeks ago Greg did a presentation.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: On one of the side stages and he was doing a workshop and he ran into the same issue that I've actually run into a couple times, which is you're looking for not the GPU pricing page. That's obviously in the nav that's very easy to find but the one that compares to the other large Cloud providers, the one I'm talking about where you can enter your resources and it shows that it's 85% less or whatever the percentage is. that one is pretty hard to find on the website and Greg was having trouble finding it. I've actually had done the same thing when I'm talking to somebody. I just can't find it. So anyway, those are the three.

Zach Horn: The provider grid map the locality map and then the GPU pricing Pages obviously very important. But also that other one that's gonna be one that we should lean into strongly going forward because I can just tell you from talking to a ton of people at these events. That's the thing that catches people's eyes. They're like, okay, I can tell you kind of resources. I want to run. How do you compare on price? So All that to say I'm with you Denis, let's move on this and just claim this huge.

Bold Panther: Yeah, so I have a thought on how we can tackle this issues while also keeping the GPU pricing CPA top of the network.

Zach Horn: Okay.

Bold Panther: So what we can do is we can combine both the sections in first talk. We keep the general pricing in the second half we can keep the GPU pricing whenever the user clicks on GPU pricing. We have the hashtag functionality. which takes them to the pricing phase and automatically scroll down to the chipazing section. So I think this is something that we can do from the ux perspective. This will solve all the issues accessing the general pricing ways. Also the GPU pricing at the same time.

00:15:00

Zach Horn: Okay, that sounds great. let's move forward and just mock it up on a staging site and then I'll get that In front of Greg because he feels very strongly about the GPU pricing page. So I just want to make sure he's aware of any changes that we're gonna make to it. But that sounds great to me. I think one place makes a lot of sense.

Bold Panther: And in that case we can like in the pricing base.

Denis Lelic: yeah, I

Bold Panther: What we can do is as well be combining both the sections into a single page and it's going to be a dedicated page. We will not keep the site navigation that is present about which so it will be a complete pricing page in the first half days of pricing comparisons in the second update is GPU price. So it will also make it visually more appealing and also it will not break the Aesthetics about the current price in Pages if someone clicks on HP pricing City

Zach Horn: That sounds good to me. let's mock it up, but it on a staging site and go from there.

Bold Panther: Yes, sure.

Zach Horn: The other thing views that I'm just gonna run by you this shouldn't affect anybody but for some of these pages, I think I'm just gonna jump in and do some PRS that they copy. Is that going to affect anything on your MPS just in there updating stuff. I think I can navigate the code base well enough, so I think there's some of this that I can just do as opposed to, having us to coordinate.

Bold Panther: So can you elaborate a bit when someone contributes and copies to PR or something like?

Zach Horn: No, no, I mean update the copy the words on the page for some of these. I want to go and I just change some of the language around.

Bold Panther: Yeah, no worries. you can change it. So whenever we contribute to the website we first sync in with the main website and then only we start Computing so it will not create an issues for a scale.

Zach Horn: Okay, sounds good.

Bold Panther: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree with you guys. I would only suggest we kind of create an issue for this. So we just have something everyone can track or visit to see What are we working on andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, great.

Denis Lelic: so on and so on?

Zach Horn: It's a tire you sharing screen right now. If so, could you scroll down and just put the price comparison on screen? The one right above it. That's action right there.

Zach Horn: Is this okay? So it's funny that we're talking about this now. is this the one I'm thinking of I thought there was a modal where you could enter your Resource information, is that a different one or is That's okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it's this one at the top.

Zach Horn: I see got It was offer a second. Okay, perfect. Yeah, this is great. I mean you could use a little bit of a redesign but

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree with that. We actually had piercedâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: you remember we had a design with sliders but at the moment. back then Let me just try to recall it. I think it was not possible with the API.

Denis Lelic: so the slider meaning CPUs memory and storage would be just with a slider so you can just easily change the number so you don't have to so it would go 1 to 100 really fast or thousand whatever we limit. each of the

Bold Panther: It's possible. I think we did within discussed about this. I can't recall but I think there is no issue with the API. Even if you remember the slider we have nothing but change a bit slider. We are nothing but changing the numbers behind the scenes. So there is no limitations of the API. We can implement the slightest. It's required.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Yeah, I have some ideas here. So maybe we just continued this discussion and

Denis Lelic: And the issue we're about to create.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that would be great.

Denis Lelic: stupendous

Zach Horn: come on Ty give us an adjective. You got a one-up student on this.

Tyler Wright: I can't it's too good.

Zach Horn: alright.

Tyler Wright: I'm not the content King Zach.

Zach Horn: that prayer

Tyler Wright: I don't have that ability,

Zach Horn: It was my title from yesterday. I have content King and was the other one. the branch.

Denis Lelic: Brian Shepherd

Zach Horn: My business card gets longer every day.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Yes. I mean we gotta collect those.

Zach Horn: Okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah back to the website.

Zach Horn: I think for microspective if we get those two views, in the first issue plus this pricing model integrated with the GPU pricing page and then we get all of that surfaced. That to me is the highest priority thing we can do with the website. There's some things on the content side that we need to do as well. But that's more of my plate than anybody else's.

Zach Horn: But what really an ideating just a little bit that we can move on. is if we surface those views the ones we just mentioned. We can get to a place where we're actually starting to address really tangible pain points for people and this comes from talking to people at events. it all comes back to how many providers do you have on the network? Where are those providers in the world? What is your pricing? can I see my pricing on Akash relative to some of these other Cloud providers? So we start to build all that out and we can even do some work on the homepage of the site to lead people through that flow that we're essentially checking against people prospects when we're talking to them in person. I think we're in a different place a better place.

Bold Panther: if I

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree.

Zach Horn: That's it for my side on that we can move along.

Tyler Wright: I think these are all great points. I just want to confirm Denis. Are you gonna own creating the issues that we just discussed here so we can continue to track them or was it Peter? She was gonna do it. I just want to see who's gonna own. It just go we can continue tracking because I think we're on the same page as what the priority and the next order of operations for is for and I appreciate exactly talking about The Real World experience and how these things play out during events and elsewhere, but I just want to make sure we're continuing to crack it and then deliver on it,

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I can create it. So no worries.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Bold Panther: So I have a question for So as a Zach shared the data sheet about the website analytics. So I just have a few questions. So as I share I dropped in the link where we can have a visual saw the general website analytics the users Etc training more refined manner. As Jack pointed out. So I just want to ask what you want specifically what modifications to invade in the default version of it.

Zach Horn: So let's chat offline about that. There are some.

Bold Panther: Yes.

Zach Horn: There's some thoughts there. They're going a couple of different directions basically at the highest level. all that we need for the first phase of what I was mentioning the other day is That we just need to clean up some of our data sources so that everything is current. We're only pulling active data sources from active properties and then just start to structure out GA and then we have some of these liquor reports that need to reflect the accurate information. it's not too much like technical GA work. It's really just data cleanup more than anything for this first phase,â€¦

Bold Panther: that

Zach Horn: but I'll drop you a note right after this weekend get into that.

Tyler Wright: Cool, are there any other? Website items that anybody wants to discuss this might be actually small time small fries. And I know this is something that we could change but I was wondering if it makes sense to add 40 90s to this announcement bar at the top being that they get so much traction on the network even relatives to the a6000s again. I was just looking for the website for two seconds and just thought about that. So it may not be anything that anybody cares about or may not be that necessary, but just want to shout it out in the website.

Zach Horn: Yeah, the only on a technical level the utility absolutely we're getting crazy demand for forty nineties. I mean really like shocking demand. On the copy side. it's just the rule of three so you have to either a place one of those or break the rule. Not opposed to it. you'd have to go h100 a100 a6000 and 40 90 which is kind of clunky, but from the utility of it should be surface 4090s that absolutely

Tyler Wright: I think that's a good point content King. So I was just again putting out that however, we decided to move forward I'm fine with but as we mentioned 40 90s are Hot Springs.

00:25:00

Zach Horn: They are they are.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, just content King. Zach here one of those Game of Thrones guys where when they introduced them and they go with a bunch of names like

Zach Horn: man, that's too funny. Yeah, exactly. that's precisely going for some Lord of Westeros ruler of the whatever. Yeah content King ever.

Denis Lelic: the branch Shepherd

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: here something actually an issue that know. The hero was looking at as well and talking about but I know we've moved it down the priority list so we can keep it there is around contact page. I know they actually hero is going to be helping contribute to console as well and how getting acclimated there. But I just want to say if that's something this issue the contact page is still something that's on hold obviously is with the priority than the GPU provider.

Tyler Wright: Stuff that we're talking about earlier, but I just wanted to see if there's something that can be moved forward Tandem with all the stuff that's being done. Maybe hero could take us on or if this is something that we should just continue to put on pause for the time being.

Zach Horn: What Tyler can you scroll down to Heroes lower in the thread here the mock-up. Yeah.

Zach Horn: So the two questions one, where does this go? I probably took a catch all email.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Type, okay.

Tyler Wright: Believe that's the intent. Yeah, or I believe there's an option where you can have a number of emails you can have a BD email billing email whatever andâ€¦

Zach Horn: right

Tyler Wright: then it'll go to the respective email.

Zach Horn: we can continue this in the discussion. If we want to, idea async on this.

Zach Horn: Entire unit talked about this little bit offline. I'm not opposed to this in any way.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah.

Zach Horn: The only question is what is the flow? So I do understand there's lots of people, that they're used to the kind of web to it for lack of a better term flow where they land on a website. They want to see a contact page. They're just used to doing this and dealing an On the flip side. The question is support for that email address and I think you felt strongly that that's not going to be an issue. you'll fail that way?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I do still feel that way. And if we find that any of these become an issue, then we can I remove it from this contact page. I think for now if there's more than one point of failure, so if it's going with the email is going to one person. I think that would be less than optimal. But I think in many cases these will be going for a number of different people can make sure that everything followed up onâ€¦

Zach Horn: You sure.

Tyler Wright: but I do understand your hesitancy because then they'll be another touch point that has to be managed and maybe things get lost in. but it's a set of balancing act of to your other point. Some people are used to doing this and then may not be even willing to do the Discord telegram route, â€¦

Zach Horn: Right. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: or get home.

Zach Horn: I don't disagree with that in any way. I would say s similar to the other thing. What's mock up like a defined modal for this figure out where we want to put it on the site get it in staging and set up the infrastructure for it and then go from there and see if we can buy-in from that for folks internally.

Tyler Wright: cool that makes it I'll drop a comment in there and hero maybe just keep on looking at it when you have some time.

Tyler Wright: That's all I had of things on issues. And again the structure of the working group as we move forward that I wanted to discuss. Is there anything Pearce in terms of pull requests that haven't been merged yet that you want to talk about are there some of these that just need additional notes or have you given comments and just waiting for people to follow up?

00:30:00

Bold Panther: So there is one issue like that is open for quite some type. So as you can see the second we are at icons to the menu item networks. So The second pair so I just want the next to just provide the name of the icons that are present in the UI. So hero can just edit those icons in this. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: And I consider the menu. Okay, I see. Yeah, sure.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Bold Panther: That's all and this is one new issue. There's been created by things engine and the pr is being created by one of the community members at the dogs with the instructions to import the existing wallets the latest fear. So it's just a small mistake. So I have permitted the town domestic to fix once it is fixed. I will just most of you.

Denis Lelic: cool

Tyler Wright: Thank Again peers, there's a number of people that reached out to me publicly and privately from the inside of just generally new community members that want to get involved with the docs and the website. I push them towards a readme file. So they learn how to contribute and they're doing it the right way, but I believe is going to be a number of new contributions from people that will start joining this meeting sometime a next couple of weeks. So again, feel free to continue to give the constructive quality feedback as we've all talked about with the website revamp. We want to keep it to the same standard is right now, so if people aren't meeting that standard just continually comments until they follow through and exactly where they need to before merging. I think Hero has done a good job of that. I think there's other people in the community and then a good job of that and that's why there's their PR so that merge so we'll keep that consistent.

Bold Panther: If I always make sure that the priests are coming to the websites are of high quality. If there are issues with the code or implementations all the pr might fail and if the pr creators or the contributors weren't able to fix the issues. So in some of the cases I do myself and then most of yours if they are of high quality and great additions to the website, but yeah, this is the process. I follow before Modi any of the peers to the website.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: So I think Pretty much went through all of the issues and we got some new coming up. So. The pricing issue I'll create that one and I'll follow up on the providers issue Zach created a while ago. So those are mine two action items.

Denis Lelic: yeah, that's it for my side I guess so if anyone else has Something at least. Yeah, we still have some time. So if anyone else has some many questions or would like to know something about the website or the working group. Feel free. to ask or to talk

Denis Lelic: Okay video just drop. Yes, not so.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but I think we can wrap it up for today.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, think we're good. But I think it's a very productive meeting and we'll take next steps on those priorities for the website that Zach had mentioned and continue to go from there.

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: So thanks everyone for joining today. I think we'll see each other in two weeks from now in a slightly different format. It's actually the same we're just adding a topic of Akash talks. So we'll see how that goes. Maybe we split the meeting first everything about docs content and so on and the other half we can talk about the UI ux

Denis Lelic: Yeah bold instant action item pricing and provider. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, so we'll see each other in two weeks. So thanks again for joining today.

Tyler Wright: Thankâ€¦

Bold Panther: thanks.

Tyler Wright: Talk to you guys soon.

Zach Horn: thanks guys take

Denis Lelic: Thanks. Bye.

00:35:00

Rodri R: bye guys

Meeting ended after 00:46:25 ðŸ‘‹





