# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #32

## Agenda
- Chat API Integration
- Navigation Redesign
- Pricing Page Improvement
- Documentation and Blog Updates
- Open Discussion

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, July 25, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://j3ixq4a45f2dpivp7gmzyecplzctrglme5j4ea2dfvbvad2dsfma.arweave.net/TtF4cBzpdDeir_mZnBBPXkU4mWwnU8IDQy1DUA9DkVg)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- B S
- Denis Lelic
- Hiroyuki Kumazawa
- James Kano
- Kumar
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
- **Introduction and Welcome:**
  - Tyler Wright opened the meeting, highlighting the purpose of the working group.
  - Emphasized the open-source nature of the Akash website and encouraged community contributions.

- **Chat API Integration:**
  - **Denis Lelic:** Announced the launch of the Chat API and suggested integrating it into the website.
    - Shared a link to the Chat API and created Issue #316 for adding it to the ecosystem showcase page.
    - Suggested assigning the task to Hiroyuki Kumazawa (Hiro).
    - The task involves creating a new tile with a link, graphic, and description as provided in the issue.

- **Navigation Redesign:**
  - **Denis Lelic:** Discussed improving the main and secondary navigation to avoid overcrowding and enhance user experience.
    - Suggested redesigning the menu to add new items without cluttering.
    - Shared two issues: one for the main navigation and another for secondary navigation.
    - Proposed dropdown menus for subpages to improve mobile experience and make the tooling section more prominent.
    - Assigned the redesign task to Piyush, who has experience with the website.

- **Pricing Page Improvement:**
  - **Denis Lelic:** Discussed the need to improve the visibility and usability of the pricing page.
    - Suggested adding a new menu item called "Pricing" to make it more accessible.
    - Proposed adding GPU pricing and a user pricing calculator, as well as a provider earn calculator.
    - Mentioned assigning this task to Hiroyuki Kumazawa (Hiro) once updates are posted.

- **Documentation and Blog Updates:**
  - **Tyler Wright:** Encouraged contributions to documentation and mentioned coordinating with Robert Del Rey on adding videos to documentation.
  - **B S:** Announced working on a SIG/WG monthly recap blog, delayed due to internet issues but will draft over the weekend.
  - **Tyler Wright:** Suggested starting with a monthly recap blog and potentially moving to a weekly recap based on interest.

- **Open Discussion:**
  - No additional topics were raised by attendees.
  - **Denis Lelic:** Wrapped up the meeting and confirmed the next meeting in two weeks.

**Action Items:**
1. **Hiroyuki Kumazawa:**
   - Implement Issue #316 by adding the Chat API to the ecosystem showcase page.
   - Work on improving the pricing page, including adding GPU pricing, a user pricing calculator, and a provider earn calculator.

2. **Piyush:**
   - Work on the navigation redesign, ensuring the new design is aligned with the discussed improvements.
   - Update the events page with the latest information.

3. **Denis Lelic:**
   - Monitor and coordinate the implementation of the Chat API integration and navigation redesign.
   - Finalize details regarding item listing on subpages and the new horizontal tab for development items.
   - Post updates and tag Hiroyuki Kumazawa on the pricing page improvement issue.

4. **Tyler Wright:**
   - Follow up on integrating YouTube content into the website.
   - Coordinate with the core team on updating the events page.
   - Guide B S on creating the SIG/WG monthly recap blog.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the working group for the Akash website. Today is July 25th 2024 during this working group for the cost website the group. Goes over any issues and talks about anything related to the Akash website as well as the Akash documentation, which is now under the new revamped website that came into fruition at the end of 2023.

Tyler Wright: this is an open source effort where anybody from the community can contribute to continuing to improve the Akash website. Obviously, it's a hub for all things related to how to use the product different ways to integrate how to contribute Etc. Obviously everything in Akash is open source. So as much information is made transparent as possible is always So again always happy to have more contributions if anybody wants to get involved. There's a number of issues inside the website repo as well as if there's anything that you see that maybe needs to be improved we can talk about it during these meetings as well as again creating issue and we could talk about an async in between meetings.

Tyler Wright: Denis usually runs these meetings and I support him as well as Oxbow Panther a pieush who helps to maintain the website. he and his team human HQ did the website revamp as a part of some community pool funding on their secured in late 2023 and again have delivered the website that you see today.

Tyler Wright: I know that Pierce is currently traveling to a hackathon so he will be unavailable today. But I'll kick it over to Denis to talk about any issues. I know that hero on the call has been helping a lot with various issues. And so I just want to see if there's any questions or concerns that he has and then I know that Robert has been supporting. There's another working group that came out of sync design called the working group for the Akash YouTube where the effort is to revamp and improve the Akash YouTube channel. That's a part of that. I know that there's going to be video content that's added to the YouTube from various community members and it might be good to think about adding some of that video content to places like the documentation or other parts of the website as well. So

Tyler Wright: Just something to keep it back in mind that we don't necessarily have to talk about today. With that said I'll kick it over to Denis to get us started with any topics. He wants to discuss or any open issues.

Denis Lelic: Bye. And welcome everybody to today's meeting one thing. I want to mention and as some of you probably noticed a couple of days ago chat API was launched. I'm just gonna share a link here in the chat section. and yesterday I was just thinking, how can we

Denis Lelic: Add that to the website, so it's reachable through the website as well. So it's not a page living on its own. I cannot isolated island and one of the easiest ways would probably be just to create a new child and

Denis Lelic: ecosystem showcase page Sharing link again to this page as you see we have Akash chat there already and as the Excel on so I just created.

Denis Lelic: an issue again sharing care and chat section

Denis Lelic: So it's issue 316 and so the task would be to add a cost chat API to the ecosystem page. So basically adding the description X. I've provided here and the issue along with the graphic. I know some community members were involved in a lot of discussions and they showed interest To taking some of the issues taking tackling some of the tasks. So I suggest I just assigned this one to Hero so here I'm just gonna

Denis Lelic: tag you to this issue.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, So hero I've tagged you in this issue. It's kind of like a low hanging fruit Easy task to do. Basically, you just have to create a new tile provide a link provide a graphic and at the text there so everything.

Denis Lelic: It's already in the issues here under the comment section. So yeah, the other thing would be where? Could we add these? goals different kind of tools to the main nav bar, so I'm always worried when we have to add things to The Nail part because I don't want Things to get crowded it's not really nice experience where you have to go through a bunch of items to find something. So a while ago, I introduced to redesign the whole menu experience just to give us this additional canvas where we could add new items without creating the

Denis Lelic: this overcrowded experience. So I'm just going to share this issue again here. So as you see you got to share my screen.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, we have two issues here one is for the main navigation and the other one is secondary navigation, which is

Denis Lelic: positioned

Denis Lelic: vertically on each of these Pages subpages we have and it's a kind of a clumsy experience on the mobile as well. So I suggested just to drop down menus for each of these items and that will give us some space to work with new items. And as I said, we're missing the tooling section, that could be much more prominent. It's kind of Now hidden. Here in the Showcase section. So yeah, that's something I just had. to this issue and

Denis Lelic: probably in the next couple of days. I would like to start off with this one. I would assign this one because it's kind of a bigger thing to do a bigger tasks to designed it to peers because he has experience. With the website and basically he put together the existing website and I think it would be much easier for him to tackle this one.

Denis Lelic: Yeah time.

Tyler Wright: David design that you have is that the design in the issue that's already. finalized or any and pieces has implemented. Is that the Pain point right now, okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the design is pretty much. there we just have to align on the

Denis Lelic: On some of the items, let me see we talked about it in the previous meeting.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Pierce was just saying what happens if we

Denis Lelic: only have the dropdowns without the secondary nav on the sub pages, but that's just a matter of days. I've think. Avoiding additional Clicks in the main navbar and searching through the images. We could just list them on each of the sub pages. So we would create a new horizontal lab. So for example when you click on Development you would already have different items stated here without necessity of going through the drop-down again. But yeah, as I said, I just have to figure out what happens with.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Some of the items that we're currently trying to resurface such as tooling and pricing and so on and so on regarding the pricing, let me see.

Denis Lelic: I think pricing.

Denis Lelic: Okay, can't find the pricing. if anyone sees

Denis Lelic: pricing

Denis Lelic: Okay, improve pricing.

Denis Lelic: Okay, this is the next issue. I'm going to work on so we have to resurfers the pricing page some of the community members and let's just communion members, but just users that were scrolling through the website found it hard to find the pricing and I agree. So currently it lives here

Denis Lelic: so you have to go Network about and then go to the pricing and what I'm suggesting here is just to have additional menu item called pricing and we have to mention gpus as well. Because it's always a Hot Topic and then we would have GPU pricing here or some sort of a tab as well. not a tap like a switch where users could switch between GPU pricing and user pricing calculator and there's one additional item and that's like It's called provider earn calculator. So we're just offer one unified experience where users could either. what are the offerings for gpus? What's the cost per usage?

Denis Lelic: and if some of the users want to provide compute they could also just hit this additional third item which would provide an estimate for basically How much would you earn if you provide computer Akash Network?

Denis Lelic: So I already worked on this thing a little bit. I just didn't have time unfortunately to put it together and share here. But I see hero was already active in the comment section. So when I post an update hero, I'm just gonna tell you if you're willing to take this issue as well.

Denis Lelic: anything else you guys want to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Don't feel obliged, but I see a couple of folks that haven't been at the last couple of meetings and if they wanted to again, this is a open source group. There's usually about

Tyler Wright: Anywhere from five to ten participants that help out with the website. This is a major again marketing point of major marketing tool. It's just like a cool for new and existing users to interact with Akash Network find out share information access console Etc. So again, this is a very important touch point and we're always looking for more contributions. I think our issues right now are just at the scale of what we can handle but if we can get more folks that can help out with implementation of design implementation of how about with ux, that would be greatly appreciated and there are akt rewards those that want to give their time to help. So again, I just want to make that clear to some folks maybe having been

Tyler Wright: Year as a recently and if they want to introduce themselves either in chats or on mic, don't feel obliged, but I'm happy to have you. And I also did just add an issue around the events page and I'm going to coordinate with a member of the core team on the event side because I know there's a number of other events. We're going to in the fall and I just want to make sure that page is up to date.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: yeah Green Tyler regarding the events page. I talked to pierce couple of days ago. So I just have to create. an issue to add

Denis Lelic: a couple of events that are missing currently. And anyone who's joined for the first time today? Feel free to chime in or you can always join on our Discord. We have a channel there going on and you can always join the discussions here under the issues. So akashed akashment for GitHub and the repo website.

Denis Lelic: Okay. cool

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so I think from my side I pretty much covered everything for today. Unfortunately, I didn't find time to make some progress on a couple of issues. I was planning to I got caught up in some other work, but I'll get back to it as soon as possible. And as I said I'm tagging hiroyuki Echo some of these issues.

Denis Lelic: you guys agree we could wrap it up for today. Unless you want to talk about something else.

Tyler Wright: No again, I'll coordinate with Robert about some of the videos. I think we should add to documentation. If anybody sees anything in documentation, I think needs to be upgraded or if anybody wants to participate in writing new documentation updating documentation again, feel free to reach out to me or Denis and make some suggestions on where you would want to add value. But yeah, again there's a number of issues open here and we'll continue to talk about them.

Tyler Wright: Yes, that's a great call out b s that's something that we've talked about a cigs as working group monthly recap. I actually heard from a couple of people recently that I've reached out to me and thought it'd be cool to have a weekly recap. I think maybe we start with monthly and see where we go from there. But I know there's a number of interested parties that want to keep up to date on the six and working groups. So yes, the way that will get added is via blog. So you'll make a PR and you can follow the instructions in the repeat file in the website repo, but we can talk about that offline. But yeah that is in the right place but much appreciate you and those efforts.

Denis Lelic: Thanks that.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so Thanks everyone for joining today. I think we'll see each other again in two weeks. but hopefully you will Talk Sooner either on GitHub or Discord. Have a good day.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks. Stay safe everybody. Bye.

James Kano: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:19:17 ðŸ‘‹
