# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #33

## Agenda
- Review of ongoing issues and updates
- Main menu navigation redesign
- Pricing page improvements
- Blog writer filter functionality
- Case studies page
- Integration content for Akash network
- Open Discussion

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, August 08, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://liyj2hy26ggvtqigr7b753rkz3eo7aigtfbxwzn7cw5yabkrdtvq.arweave.net/WjCdHxrxjVnBBo_D_u4qzsjvgQaZQ3tlvxW7gAVRHOs)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- B S
- boldpanther
- David Mikulecky
- Denis Lelic
- Hiroyuki's Notetaker
- oo o
- Robert Del Rey
- shiny dev
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
- **Review of Ongoing Issues and Updates:**
  - Denis Lelic provided a summary of the status of ongoing issues and updates from previous meetings. The focus was on current issues and their progress.

- **Main Menu Navigation Redesign:**
  - Denis Lelic discussed the main menu navigation redesign. He shared Figma drawings for both the main and mobile versions of the navigation.
  - Piyush has been assigned to work on this redesign. The new navigation aims to enhance user experience across the website.

- **Pricing Page Improvements:**
  - Hiro is working on improving the pricing page, which will include features such as GPU pricing, usage pricing calculator, and a provider earnings calculator.
  - The updated pricing page will allow users to see GPU stats, use sliders for pricing calculations, and compare prices with Amazon, Google, and Microsoft.
  - Progress on this update is anticipated in future meetings.

- **Blog Writer Filter Functionality:**
  - The draft for adding writer filter functionality to the Akash blog is awaiting feedback from Zach. This functionality is intended to enhance content management and user experience on the blog.

- **Case Studies Page:**
  - A draft for a new case studies page was shared. This page will include tiles with basic information and calls to action for detailed case studies.
  - Feedback from Zach is pending.
  - Tyler Wright is expected to provide content for this page, including information on how projects can integrate with the Akash network.

- **Integration Content for Akash Network:**
  - Keto is responsible for providing content and relevant links for integration into the Akash case studies page.
  - A draft will be prepared to include this content and see how it fits into the case studies page.

- **Open Discussion:**
  - **Community Involvement:**
    - Attendees were encouraged to join Discord and review the calendar of working groups and special interest groups.
    - Tyler Wright offered additional information on these groups and their activities.
  - **Legal Protections:**
    - David Mikulecky raised concerns about protecting Akash from issues like phishing, trademark concerns, and user-generated content problems.
    - He proposed a separate discussion to draft terms of use and strategies for brand protection. A 15-20 minute discussion was suggested.
  - **Process for Handling PRs:**
    - The process for reviewing PRs on GitHub was explained. This includes security checks to prevent malicious content from being merged.
  - **Bounty Boards and Blog Drafts:**
    - B S inquired about where to upload blog drafts for review and noted discrepancies between GitHub and Akash site bounty boards.
    - It was suggested to contact Zach on Discord for draft review.
    - A community contributions page is being developed to host blog content. Markdown is supported for blog drafts.
    - An issue should be created to address syncing between GitHub and the Akash site bounty boards.
  - **Licensing and PR Requirements:**
    - Tyler Wright noted that recent updates require PRs to be signed by contributors. He suggested updating repository files to guide non-developers on how to sign their commits.
    - The documentation working group has merged with the website working group. Issues with documentation should be reported via the website repo with a "documentation" label.

## Action Items
- **David Mikulecky:**
  - Schedule and lead a 15-20 minute discussion on legal protections and terms of use.
  - Review the provided link and contact Tyler or Denis for further discussions.
- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Provide additional details on working groups and special interest groups.
  - Create an issue to address the syncing of bounty boards between GitHub and the Akash site.
  - Update repository files to clarify the PR signing process for contributors.
- **Denis Lelic:**
  - Review the shared issue and arrange a separate meeting if necessary.
  - Follow up on the development of the community contributions page for hosting blog content.
- **B S:**
  - Share blog drafts with Zach on Discord for review.
  - Monitor updates regarding the community contributions page and bounty board synchronization.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Everybody and welcome to today's working group meeting for a college website. So as usual, I'm just gonna get us started with.

Denis Lelic: A passionate or website repo and the issues that we usually go through. so let me know if you can see my GitHub.

Denis Lelic: Let's screen. So I see what's going on. I get it's good. Yeah, so a couple of fishes we mentioned in our last sessions.

Denis Lelic: Maybe we start up. With the main menu nav redesign, so it's for those of you that are familiar with it. You're probably seeing this in our previous sessions and for all the newcomers. I'm just going to share the issue here in the chat section. So please from I have a Sigma drawing for basically all the navigation so as you'll see stated here to

Denis Lelic: to navigations one would be a main nav, and another one would be the Horizontal and of course mobile version as well. So I got them all drawn and I think peers here said he would be willing to take this issue. So I'll share figma drawings with you. So yeah, this is one of the issues that it's kind of like been bugging me for a while and I think it's gonna really improve our user experience and across the whole website another issue we have I think Hiro working on it.

boldpanther: Rising

Denis Lelic: That's improve pricing page visibility and experience. So I'm just gonna share it again in

Denis Lelic: In the chat section if you want to read through. So we started off this was the first draft we had some discussions around modules in these pages and I provided all of the pigment drawings to hero and I believe he's already started working on it. So the new pricing experience would take the users into three different ways one would be

Denis Lelic: the display GPO pricing usage pricing calculator and provider earn calculator so with Gpus it would basically list all available gpus and some stats around it and a call to action where users are able to rent them then we have another one. That's the usage pricing calculator. So if user wants to have something Beyond gpus they can play around with these sliders here and They would How much would it To have these resources rented and we also price compare with Amazon Google and Microsoft.

Denis Lelic: And the third one will be if a user wants to provide compute where again they could use these sliders and have a look how much would they earn if they decide to provide compute on the network? So yeah Heroes already working on it. Hopefully we'll see some progress soon maybe in one of our next sessions.

Denis Lelic: from the previous meetings I think all of the events were updated by Pierre. So thank you for that. I think that was already closed. And there are some.

Denis Lelic: Some issues that we need. Input from other community members or core team members one would be to implement writer filter functionality for Akash blog, I think.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Let me Yeah Pierce and here basically HD human HQ provided a draft for it and where waiting just for Zach's. thoughts

Denis Lelic: and basically feedback for this draft here. There is another one.

Denis Lelic: I'm not this one. Okay studies. So we have a draft for case studies here.

Denis Lelic: So here it is. We would add a page. we would showcase case studies so we would have A tile with some basic information and a call to action where we would have a detailed page and I've listed some possible. Blog posts that could serve as a case study as well. So with waiting for the Zac to provide feedback on this one. and I think

Denis Lelic: this issue that was created by It could be part of the case study as well. So Tyler's page for how projects can integrate in a caution network with relevant links to Akashi. So yeah, I think Keto said if you can provide the contents and even I said if you can provide a list of these relevant things so we can maybe prepare a draft see how this could live in the Akash case studies page.

Denis Lelic: I think that's it from the issues that we've kind of touched in the last week or so and as usual I would Leave the second part of this session just for open discussions. If you want to talk about anything if you found any bugs, if you think we should create a new issue add something take away something so feel free to join the discussion

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks for Happy to hear you happy to have you here. We have a lot of either. Working groups or special interest groups. So I suggest if you're not already there to join our Discord and there's also

Denis Lelic: community.

Denis Lelic: I'll share just the calendar with you so you can have a look at other movies that are happening. So here it is in the chat section. So if you scroll down a little bit, you're gonna see all the idea of working groups or special interest groups that are happening from now on. But yeah, we have Tyler on our call and He basically knows everything that's going on with these groups. So he'll provide more information. Go ahead type.

00:10:00

David Mikulecky: Yeah, no, that's helpful. I opened the link. I'll review the sessions and I have a DM Tyler with a questions.

David Mikulecky: Yeah, again I'll love your perspective as to where can I plug in? I'm product lawyer by training so blend of try and crypto lawyer. So, I understand. This is an open source where I'm coming from was more like, okay, how do you guys think about If you allow user generated content how you think about, people meddling with the features of the side is any tools to protect from that inserting links that can, lead to some full design. So that's what I'm sort of thinking how. You guys may want to the protection of akashi's right? But let me read the link. And take it from there. Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: that sounds good. And thanks Tyler for providing some information. Yeah, all Panther. Go ahead.

boldpanther: Yeah, thanks for joining David. So I love your perspective on how we can product Akash brand the layers one question that you asked how we protect.

boldpanther: How we protect the Akash from contributors who may insert some fishing links to the car, So as the project is open source on GitHub. So whatever the PR's are being created on the GitHub repo they are being revealed by the casting as well as contributors before merging them to the Akash net website. There is a complete process which we follow so whatever the user is basically contributing to the cost was they have to request on the issues that they want to contribute and then when they create a PR so we go through and total review process where we see if the coding breakfast are being followed properly and also the links are the information that is there is a hundred percent correct and there are no official links and all so yeah, this is how we protect I

boldpanther: the attacks

David Mikulecky: okay, that's

boldpanther: I hope that answers your question.

David Mikulecky: Yeah fishing is you want one of the concerns? I don't want to take much of your time. Maybe, spending just 15 minutes with somebody who's interested chatting about how to think about creating a sort of contract with any user who accesses the side and Akash, maybe helpful, right? It's not just fishing links. It can be how to protect

David Mikulecky: I probably trademark silently. I don't know if somebody were to copy it and use it, for their own business. I don't know if that's a concern right but you have trademark issues. It can be content. That's inappropriate that you may want to eliminate those are the types of protections that I'm referring to right and the way to do it you can easily, insert terms of use that create binding contract between Akash and any user who accesses the website, right?

David Mikulecky: If there are different modes how the user can accept that contract but basically just Akash has a privacy policy that sort of one type of product, protection. The other is So that's the terms of uses the contract that I'm referring to between Akash and the users who use the website, right and there are whole slew of things that you Akash may want to protect. But again, maybe it's for just the 10 minutes discussing with a subset of this group. I don't want to multiply This and this is probably not of your priority list anyway,

boldpanther: Hey here,â€¦

Denis Lelic: yeah, I've

boldpanther: so you can definitely reach out to Tyler who is basically managing all the things related to Akash and also Denis as well who looks after all the design things and I think that would give you a more. High level overview of how the cautious working right? Thank

David Mikulecky: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: yeah, there is this issue of copycats and

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: someone trying to manipulate akashes a brand but it's often something that either the code base is out of our reach. So it's not happening in Akash Network repost. So it's somewhere external and maybe just

Denis Lelic: maybe we would need someone if that happens just to reach out and

Denis Lelic: basically informed and to take it down because they're like How to call that thing, but I guess it's against a lot to a copycat someone else's Brian even though it's open source.

David Mikulecky: Yeah, it depends on a protocol right how do you want to protect it? Do you want to protect it? That's one thing the other angle could be right somebody claims that something that's posted on akash's website can impede someone else's rights and they want to sue the protocol the founders whoever right the terms of use will give you the right to defend yourself the protocol and say hey, I'm going to contract in terms of use you agreed that let's say, the binding law is love of New York or the venue is whatever else then text us.

Denis Lelic: No, it'sâ€¦

David Mikulecky: Right â€¦

Denis Lelic: how helpful.

David Mikulecky: we disclaimed,â€¦

Denis Lelic: I think it's necessary conversation.

David Mikulecky: our obligations.

Denis Lelic: Maybe yeah as we thought a couple of minutes ago.

David Mikulecky: This is open source protocol. Everything is no guarantees.

Denis Lelic: You can DM me in Tyler here as well so we can find orâ€¦

David Mikulecky: Sue if you have to but you're gonna lose that type of protection I'm talking about right andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: put together a group where we can.

David Mikulecky: you can make it you can bake that in the terms of use.

Denis Lelic: Form a better discussion just around that topic andâ€¦

David Mikulecky: So again,

Denis Lelic: have dedicated time for it.

David Mikulecky: just something to think about it's very easy to do as long as what you want to achieve how you want to protect the brand and how you want to sort of defend how you think about defenses if somebody comes in right? And so I know this is very boring legal talk but I just

David Mikulecky: Sounds good. And what I'm thinking about 20 minutes is all I need to walk you guys through thatâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that sounds good. Okay.

David Mikulecky: why to do it and then get some additional information as toâ€¦

Denis Lelic: back to a couple of these issues we talked about andâ€¦

David Mikulecky: which way you're taking the protocol andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: yeah, we said

David Mikulecky: without the needs. What is it that you're really need andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: We would leave it for open discussionâ€¦

David Mikulecky: do we have the right parties right at the table good.

Denis Lelic: if anyone has anything.

David Mikulecky: Does anybody need to chime in so 20 minutes is probably all we need andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: to talk about either the issues that are already open orâ€¦

David Mikulecky: if there is interest happy to start Drafting andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: if you think we need to

David Mikulecky: crafting based on akash's needs andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Create a new one andâ€¦

David Mikulecky: then set up additional 15 20 minutes to walk you through the proposed document before it.

Denis Lelic: on So please feel free to chime in.

David Mikulecky: It's put to the community. So that's how I'm envisioning it. But I have Tyler I've Denis andâ€¦

boldpanther: Dennis I've shared one issue in the chat

David Mikulecky: we can take it from there.

Denis Lelic: Yes.

Denis Lelic: I'll go through it. Let me see.

Denis Lelic: Okay, but I don't see a PR here.

boldpanther: It's the last one in the issues. the

Denis Lelic: Okay, maybe I'll go through it and I can talk. In a separate meeting. I'll just through DMs.

boldpanther: equation

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool, so yes has a two questions I agreed to writing a sick working group meetings Recap blog I did enough for July meetings and I'm keeping up with August so far. Is there somewhere to upload to perhaps grab some GitHub for review and the devs was still getting my sea legs, but while wrapping the blog and others that there was a GitHub Bounty port. But that isn't replicated on outside bounty board these separate boundaries boards, or just need to be synced for the question. Number one. I think that's something you can talk with Zach core team on Discord and just share.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Your writings with him, so he'll have a look and get back to you. And for the Bounty boards. Let's see.

Denis Lelic: It says it's not To community. Okay, and this one? List of bodies. Yeah, they're not populated here.

Denis Lelic: And I'm not sure the first link that I did something wrong. it's still not working.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Robert, go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Thanks. Thanks, I believe.

Tyler Wright: B s i don't look at this bounty links because that's an issue soft power over there. Maybe we should create an issue for that if it's not already one created and I can follow up there and then I've already shared. the initial draft so copy is a question more about the formatting BS of how to create a new blog.

Denis Lelic: Regarding the bounties. I see there in this issue that you've posted this. we got new message coming up from here. So yes, if the draft is okay. I'm just wondering where to upload it. It looks like markdown is supported. Yes. It's supported and there's one of the issues that we created a while ago and So, let me see. I'll just share it here and it's chat section. So we have this community contributions page and we create an issue where users or community members could write their own blogs there at the moment. You can only set up a link and have the content somewhere externally, but when this issue is

Denis Lelic: we've done an implemented this could live on the website as well. So yeah. It's in the making so hopefully soon. trademark

Denis Lelic: Okay, anything else you guys want to talk about?

Denis Lelic: Yes, I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Star I pulled the last minute. Yeah, again, there'll be a number of new issues that get added. So please take a look. I know there's a number of new contribute contributors here today one thing and this might be more of a question for pH. I know we put in update the licensing pretty recently. I know for other repos now. It's a requirement for PRS to be signed by the contributor. I'm not sure if you've seen anything used with any of the contribution coming into the website, but if so, maybe we want to make it update the repeat file just to make it easier for people that may not be as well versed in GitHub to know how to sign their commits. So just want to

boldpanther: They posture.

Denis Lelic: things that okay.

Denis Lelic: We're still have time, but I guess we covered a lot in this short period of time. So, thanks again. for joining we'll see each other and in two weeks, I think so.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: Keep an eye on the Discord on the channel working group for the website and you can always ask questions Share your thoughts share your issues or whatever. You think it's worth sharing. And you can always if you need any support from design perspective. Yes. I see someone's hand went up. So please go ahead.

oo o: Yeah. I'm assuming it's my hand you are talking about. what you call it the doume Is it working group or it is wggo Sig? Yeah, what is the meeting? I know it's now once a quarter. When is it?

Denis Lelic: We merged the working group for the documentation with the working group for a car website. So we covered everything that is website related and as you'll see now when we redesigned the website a cash docs are basically part of the website. That's why we're had these meetings combined.

oo o: Website, okay.

oo o: that's what okay. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: That's always.

Tyler Wright: So yeah again, feel free if you got any questions or any comments right to documentation. This is the meeting to talk about it. So now if you see any issues and documentation again, you can create an issue with a website repo and then just add a tall or a label for documentation, but we can talk about any of those items here and I'd much appreciate your contributions that you've already made on the documentation side.

Denis Lelic: things like so we're going to wrap it up or today, and we'll see each other in two weeks. So thanks again for Have a good day. Bye.

boldpanther: Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.

oo o: live long and prosper

David Mikulecky: Thanks guys.

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe guys. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:29:47 ðŸ‘‹
