# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #34

## Agenda
- Updates on Akash ecosystem page and front homepage section
- Menu restructuring and UI/UX improvements
- Pricing page improvements, including GPU pricing calculator
- Case study page development
- Provider-specific page and network capacity integration
- Development page content restructuring and community group integration
- Planning for upcoming event season updates
- Review of action items and timelines

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, August 22, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://olyxusqhsnl4q7wepmpawt6ly3peluwjdivqxpy2fzjcbipnznra.arweave.net/cvF6SgeTV8h-xHseC0_Lxt5F0skaKwu_Gi5SIKHty2I)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- B S
- Hiroyuki
- Piyush
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes

- **Ecosystem Page and Front Homepage Section**
  - Denis reviewed the recent updates made to the ecosystem page, mentioning that the order of listed projects needs to be fixed for better organization.
  - Suggested updating the front section of the homepage to feature new and relevant projects regularly.
  - Denis will DM Zach to provide feedback on these updates.

- **Menu Restructuring and UI/UX Enhancements**
  - Piyush demonstrated the newly designed dropdown menu, which introduces a secondary navigation bar to improve user experience, especially on mobile.
  - Denis highlighted that the vertical navigation will be removed in favor of a streamlined horizontal layout.
  - Tyler requested the menu to have additional hover states and UI polishing to enhance accessibility.
  - Denis suggested that the new menu design could solve multiple issues, including easier access to events and community resources.

- **Pricing Page Enhancements**
  - Denis discussed the ongoing work on the GPU pricing calculator and provider earnings calculator.
  - The aim is to create a unified experience with an updated menu structure that would display the average price, minimum and maximum values, and allow users to compare Akash Network pricing with AWS, GCP, and Microsoft.
  - The team will await Hiroâ€™s updates on the current draft for the pricing page.

- **Case Study Page Development**
  - The team proposed adding a dedicated case study page to the Akash website.
  - Content for case studies, such as blogs and project success stories, will be sourced from existing material and integrated under the ecosystem page.
  - Tyler stressed the importance of completing this update before the upcoming event season.

- **Provider Page and Network Capacity Integration**
  - Denis presented a plan to create a dedicated page for providers, showing global provider capacity, uptime, GPU resources, and other specifics.
  - Tyler and Denis agreed to consolidate this content from the ecosystem section into a dedicated provider section.
  - Piyush will work on implementing this feature with a menu integration.

- **Development Page Content Restructuring**
  - Denis proposed content restructuring for the development page, including key links to GitHub, deployment tools, and templates.
  - Tyler suggested adding a permanent link to the community calendar on this page for better accessibility.
  - A section will also be added to connect users with blogs on community group activities, enhancing community engagement.

- **Event Season Planning and Action Items**
  - Tyler emphasized the need to complete all website updates, including the menu redesign, by September to streamline user experience for new visitors during the busy event season.
  - Denis committed to aligning all team members on priorities, with feedback from Zach and Greg expected on the new menu.

- **Closing Remarks**
- Denis thanked everyone for their contributions and highlighted the importance of these updates for the Akash websiteâ€™s user experience.
- Tyler emphasized completing tasks within the next ten days to ensure readiness for the event season and ease of access for new users.
- The team agreed to reconvene on Discord to monitor progress and coordinate on finalizing action items.

## Action Items

- **Denis**
  - Reach out to Zach and Greg for feedback on the ecosystem page order and project prioritization.
  - Share the final provider screens with Piyush and add details under the provider issue.
  - Provide required links and final feedback for the new menu experience.
  - Follow up on any pending items related to the community calendar and add links to community blogs.

- **Piyush**
  - Complete the menu restructuring, including adding hover states and removing redundant vertical navigation bars.
  - Work on implementing the dedicated provider page with the latest screens provided by Denis.
  - Start updates on the case study page, incorporating content from the ecosystem section.
  - Conduct an audit of all page links, especially those related to the product and engineering roadmap.

- **Tyler**
  - Push for prompt feedback from team members to ensure the completion of menu updates and case studies before the event season.
  - Ensure the addition of links to community group blogs and maintain oversight on the completion of these tasks.

# **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's working group meeting for Akash website. I suggest we just get started maybe with the latest issues. I'm just gonna have a look if There are any new issues?

Denis Lelic: The last one was this updating the Akash ecosystem page with the latest relevant projects. This one I believe is done. We just have to fix the order of the

Denis Lelic: projects listed so

Denis Lelic: so the ecosystem page and the projects that are currently deployed on So these are all new Pro projects. That have been added I believe yesterday.

Denis Lelic: So I think just the order of the project needs to be fixed. And then this issue could be closed. one more thing I suggested and that is while we do that we could also update the front section of the homepage right this one here, so I believe we could.

Denis Lelic: feature some of the latest projects that are a bit more relevant than these here nothing wrong with these but We could just switch it every once in a while and showcase some of the others so. I think ice just maybe Vep deaf news news research. Maybe that could work. But yeah, Zach's not around here. I'll pay him privately just have a look and provide some of the feedback on this issue.

Denis Lelic: Okay, they're looking for you pretty much stays the same as we Have it now maybe an issue we can. Focus on in the future main this is the issue that was taken. By piyush so what this issue is going to do is gonna provide a better overview of the website better. It's gonna offer better. user experience or users could reach

Denis Lelic: some of the pages faster so I have a demo here a preview a peer sent. So this is how it looks so basically we're introducing dropdowns. And there's going to be a secondary nav, for example, let's try one events. And we're going to get rid of this. vertical nav and just have the

Denis Lelic: horizontal and it's going to work much better on the mobile because it's just a slider and you can just switch between these pages.

Denis Lelic: Pretty much everywhere. The same logic is used. So Let's see. Yeah, only thing here. I know we just have to do some UI polishing. So as you see there, there's no hover States at the moment.

Denis Lelic: And that's about it and getting rid of this. additional Navbar, that's not going to be in use anymore. okay.

Denis Lelic: There is another issue. We're currently working on. Just trying to Improve pricing page so the GPU pricing and the pricing calculator and the overall visibility and experience.

Denis Lelic: while one thing this new menu is going to solve is also the

Denis Lelic: just this visibility and easy to reach some of the pages because I think let's say events previously were harder to find there's another issue for that as well. And I believe this menu is gonna solve that as well. So if you go to the community, you're gonna see right there's events there and it's just you can reach it right away. But if you have a look on The existing menu you have to go to the community and then you have to go to the events, but maybe it's easier for us that are familiar with the website to find things. But it just imagine if someone is dropping in for the first time and they want to learn about the event. So basically they have to go. Okay Network. There's a drop down here. It's not here. Maybe it's development.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Then you have to go through this community. here it is. But kind of tricky to find yeah.

Tyler Wright: as the menu issue available for somebody to take on sorry if you said

Denis Lelic: Yeah, piyush is already working on it. So there's also a demo here that's already functional. We just need to do some UI polishing and do the hover States and then it's good to go. But when you're working on a menu It's kind of touches a lot of issues. So there are several issues that are involved in this as well. So for example

Denis Lelic: and development page we have The first page that we're created that was created by you Tyler, so I dropped. a draft here that includes the new menu, but it also talks about

Denis Lelic: some of the content that needs to be restructured a little bit maybe. Some content here is a bit outdated especially here. in this

Denis Lelic: current groups and project projects. So I wanted to make sure for example here that we have a call to action that is visible enough that it's gonna lead to product and Engineering roadmap on GitHub. So yeah, I accidentally.

Denis Lelic: Let's start shooting. share Yeah, so maybe if you have a look at this issue leave some thoughts here in the comment section and hopefully we can move. This issue into the next stage.

Tyler Wright: Is there a timeline for the menu?

Denis Lelic: There is no timeline. I still have to check with Zach Greg as well just to see what are their thoughts. I've tagged Zack a couple of times here in this issue, but he didn't respond. Yeah, probably because we're traveling and everything he did in the last couple of weeks. yeah, but

Denis Lelic: When we all align, I think this menu can go live quite fast. but next to the menu in this PR, I would like to bring in Maybe additional page or two. That's kind of also work well with the next one update the events page. So this was updated and also

Denis Lelic: the menu is gonna solve this issue as well. So Zach here stated that the events page. It's hard to find then we had a hero here dropping some ideas. it could be a drop-down and an additional menu item So that issue is going to be solved through the menu as well.

Denis Lelic: There's another one I wanted to talk about. going back to this one. So I improving pricing page visibility and experience. There was some back and forth here in the comments section. So what we meet upon was to have

Denis Lelic: a bit of unified experience for the usage pricing calculator and provider earned calculator. So it's gonna be one. Yeah.


### 00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Not sorry. Yeah, I forgot to switch to that. So yeah, I'll just drop. a comment here

Denis Lelic: in the comment section. I dropped the link for this issue. So what we're trying to solve here is just to provide a unified experience for all things. Pricing related so we have an overview of usage pricing calculator and provider earn calculator. So this is how it looks the GPU pricing is slightly redesigned. So we have this small chart here. That's

Denis Lelic: talking about availability of each of the chipset then we have the average price and Very in a subtle way. We're also on mentioning the minimum and the maximum price and we have a call to action right now. And all these are just functioning through these tabs here or switches and users can just switch from GPU pricing to use pricing calculator. Play around with these sliders and they're gonna get a number and this number is going to be.

Denis Lelic: actually, the number they're gonna get in they're gonna get is the pricing for all of the resources on the right but below that there's also a price compare for AVS gcp and Microsoft And the third tab is going to be earned calculator. So if any of the users is looking to provide compute instead of deploy or looking for both. They can also play around with these sliders here and they're gonna find out how much would they earn either in you akt or USD? So yeah.

Denis Lelic: Maybe here's a better View So we got the pricing calculator and provider earned calculator. So I keep closing the tabs. Sorry about that.

Denis Lelic: So we got a looks good to me by Greg as well and I think hero already worked on it a little bit. We're Just waiting for him to share the latest update on this. So hopefully we're gonna push this live soon and close the ship. I'll try doing really have any information from Hiro.

Denis Lelic: Uki's, so we're just gonna wait a while and What the pr brings and I'll keep an eye on it provide some feedback if it's necessary. I think piyush is going to be there as well. So

Denis Lelic: that's how I look at issues again.

Denis Lelic: And there are several issues. I think we could. easily Close adding a case study page wouldn't take long. We kind of have the structure in the background and

Denis Lelic: all of the latest additions to the ecosystem page like the van Sai practice log, IO all of these projects that also have some sort of a case study already written that all that lives in the blog section. So we could just pull that content to a dedicated page just for the case studies and that could live in the menu for example So we have the ecosystem page and then we have case studies pretty users can have a look at all of them or we can just highlight two of them here.


### 00:15:00

Denis Lelic: But that's something as well that I'm waiting for Zach to provide some feedback and leave his thoughts right here. Okay, I think I covered the issues covered and everything that's currently being worked on. So if you guys want to talk about anything bring another issue up. Yeah, please go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Yes, Robert.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, Robert. Tyler anything else You think we should mention?

Tyler Wright: Not at this time again for those that are listening later you feel free to introduce yourselves inside the Discord Channel. I know there's a number of people looking to take on some of these issues. So please continue to look at the website. Hoping to get a number of these things merged as soon as possible. Thank you for all people's contributions and looking forward to

Denis Lelic: Yes, I Feel free to me as well. Add me on Discord. I'm Denis core team. So if you need anything design related, I'm here to support you another issue that came up that I just remembered and could be solved again with the menu is a dedicated page just for providers. So we have

Denis Lelic: we have three pages here that are talking about providers one would be like a general. page where we

Denis Lelic: talk about how you become Akash cloud provider what that means how to do it provides and call to actions. The second one would be showcasing the network capacity and all the active providers across the globe and the first sorry third one would be just display all of the providers.

Denis Lelic: And their details for example, the screen in the middle. So we have basic information about each of the providers where we can show their uptime their gpus resources and the rest of the resources and so on and so on and a call to action to view it on Console as well. So I just realized there's a I'm just gonna put a note here. There's one. Newer version of these screens. I'm just going to drop it here in this issue as well. So

Tyler Wright: So you're saying that somebody can work on this separate from the menu or do you have to wait for the menu to be created to work?

Denis Lelic: On this page is already So we have Network and then we have providers so We also have all of the content already. So we just need some restructuring around it. Basically, we would need to introduce.

Denis Lelic: On I just give me one second so I can find that.

Denis Lelic: the latest big mud drawing

Denis Lelic: Yeah, all of this content is already there living in the website. This list of providers is currently under the page ecosystem. So we're just bring it to a dedicated page for providers only and we would need to introduce network capacity and cash providers switch. So users are either interested in viewing. The resources are currently being offered or they can just switch to Akash providers and then they have a whole list of providers here and they can just hit this if you want console and they can find it there as well with additional provider attributes So if they want to deploy on it they can and so on. So, yeah, I think it wouldn't take


### 00:20:00

Denis Lelic: much effort to tackle this issue as well and bring it.

Denis Lelic: To the of the new menu experience. So I'll drop a comment and I'll drop a comment under the menu issue and just say these are the pages that we could Live with the same PR it's gonna help with the menu and it's going to solve some other issues that are currently opened.

Tyler Wright: So basically peers would do that PR.

Denis Lelic: So yeah over you have this provide new providers page case studies page andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: if you have time, you can also have a look at the development page

Denis Lelic: because It's not just a user experience. It's more like restructuring some of the content on the development page.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, the reason why I'm pushing is because I think we have a number of new contributors in the ecosystem and frankly. Some of these changes are significant improvements in my opinion. And so I would like to have them done before we get into a busy event season. â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree.

Tyler Wright: and if you go into September and October and new people are clicking on the cost Network website. It's easier for them to find information. There's more information readily available. I think that would be perfect timing. So I would really like to push on these things getting done andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: then the next. 10 days if possible Andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree.

Tyler Wright: if we need to bring another people we can but if you could push on peers to see these stupendous.

Denis Lelic: yeah, Peters already showed interest in some of these issues but on the other side, I still haven't received any feedback from Zach I got a pink rag about it, so just to keep them. in the loop and they're aware of the changes that are about to happen or what are we talking about in this working group and so on and so on but yeah, I think piyush could handle all these I think two or three issues and just create one PR and it's gonna

Denis Lelic: hopefully create a barrier better experience for the users.

Denis Lelic: Anyone else Okay,â€¦

Tyler Wright: For No appreciate all the hard work.

Denis Lelic: sounds good.

Denis Lelic: And here's piyush. We're just about the Finish.

Denis Lelic: yeah, no worries. We were just talking about several issues. I showed the menu you've shared with me and we talked about. if you're going to handle some of the other issues, that could be Broad to life with the menu PR I believe we talked about the providers page case studies page.

Denis Lelic: And another one. That I can remember at the moment yet. I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Just a couple things for your peers for the menus and the draft Road looks good. I was just for talk about the providers page is and also the development page. I'm hoping that those pages can be done. By September 1 prior to Korean blockchain week. So that going into a busy event season when people are navigating the experience. I think these


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Marinade, but I just wanted to see about that and then the second question I had for I have not forgotten so it'll come back to you soon. yes. I've now remembered the ecosystem page Denis.

Piyush: with

Piyush: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: It didn't go there. I dropped in there a preferred order. Do you have the capability on your end to switch up that order? Is that something that? somebody from the community can do.

Piyush: Yeah, so basically okay, I think I already was the pr for I'll take a look. today I must appear God we mentioned.

Piyush: Okay.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's a DM in Discord, and I think Tyler shared the preferred list. Of projects just basically like a sorting issue.

Piyush: Okay.

Denis Lelic: So Zach provided a list of projects that should be listed first and in that or maybe I can just share that with you here.

Piyush: So basically it's a little deployed on akashness, right?

Denis Lelic: I just tagged doing in this course so you can have a look on the ordering issue.

Piyush: And what are the pages are the priorities? So one of the issue that I speak? I think it's a simple combine all the provide related stuff in personal page as for the issue of State.

Denis Lelic: Yes.

Denis Lelic: That's And I would like to bring that with the menu PR. So when you go to the network and you hit providers is just going to show this page here dedicated for providers. I have the figma already there and I know Zach wanted this issue solved. So I'm just gonna DM him and tell him it's ready have a look and hopefully we're good to go. I think the next 10 days Tyler's use as you've mentioned all of these issues could be doable but piyush is here to Get a better.

Piyush: And also as I already mentioned in your DMs, so when you're changing go many ways, so we have this for people now and got extra version. So what's happening here is up to implementing the moon as we have now Secondly. Let's see the second here. you can create basically design and share it so we can just remove the vertical maps on the pages.

Denis Lelic: I do hear at the end. Sorry, maybe it's not my connection.

Piyush: and yes, I'm just saying when we are implementing the new network, so we have the nothing What's Happening Here is of in case of secondary we now have two Nan's pizzas English when it's the vertical map and one is the secondary now, I think from some of the pages we can move the vertical map. if you could write from which means you want that to be removed it would be better.

Denis Lelic: Yes, I'll provide all the information. I think it pretty much in every page. It could be removed because it serves it's going to replace that now, but I'm not sure if it's gonna work if I do this.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it works.

Piyush: first

Denis Lelic: So it's gonna work in the menu as much better than the current map. So you can just click through these and you're gonna find things much faster. So community events and then this thing is here just because of the test. I'm viewing this in the desktop, but in the menu experience, you're just gonna have a slider where you can

Denis Lelic: Slide and switch to pages and so on. and there's also â€¦

Piyush: And and what do you think about that?


### 00:30:00

Denis Lelic: I just

Piyush: This one. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I preferred this one because it's so much easier to navigate because here you have This one and then it's open another menu, but you can also go to this one. That's kind of have these anchor links. Then you have to go up and it's a bit confusing experience with what this Navigation here,â€¦

Piyush: What so basically yes.

Denis Lelic: I think this one is much much smoother.

Piyush: So significant just remove that second thing. Yes. Sorry.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree.

Piyush: and so in case of issues, so the provider speed is going first then we have

Piyush: And what's the thesis that one of the issue there is on parabies menu even. Second is I would say provider speech and third.

Denis Lelic: The next one would be actually starting first. We're waiting to hear from hero today and to share the latest. From him it's actually the pricing page. So it's this one? Where we have GPU pricing calculator and provider earned calculator. That's the first one and the pipeline that should be done. Then we have the menu experience. You are almost already have it solved and the next one would be.

Piyush: Case studies I guess.

Denis Lelic: Yeah case study studies maybe even provider a screen.

Piyush: Yeah. Why do some case study so?

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Piyush: you have

Tyler Wright: Providers and maybe development page or as a development page done.

Denis Lelic: No for the development page, maybe you have a look at this issue here. There are some design drafts I dropped but again, I think it's gonna offer much better overview of the things that we're currently working on. just from starting at the top having a product and Engineering roadmap link a bit more visible and users can just hit that and it's gonna open up and GitHub then even again, the menu experience is gonna have help but then here I was doing a draft where we could restructure some of the content and provide.

Denis Lelic: Some important links right at the start. So what kind of deployment tools we have? We have console view the docs. You can go to the GitHub discussions. Then we can talk about how Akash is the open source cloud and we can just have overview of all the open source code bases on GitHub. Then we have Community groups. So basically how Akash is structured how everything is Community Driven and again we can just play around with content here offer popular deployment templates link again to either GitHub or console.

Denis Lelic: And the latest that I've dropped is this one so for the community calendar we can also do some sort of a sticky button that's going to be always in the bottom right corner and you just hit that and it's gonna open up menu a calendar with all the Meetings happening on that day orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: But I've given a thumbs up already. This is great.

Denis Lelic: this month andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: The only thing I would change update is on the community groups on this tab right here the screen that you have visibleâ€¦

Denis Lelic: so on and so on so that's the draft. Maybe tie have a look at it drop.

Tyler Wright: if you could add the calendar here as well. So that is always linkable from every page related to the community groups. That would be I know you have it here as a stickyâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: but on that page or if it's the same page, it's just a different area just as long as it's sticky that would be great.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And then the only thing that I would maybe add is if you can create a little section that links to the blog I think we talked about this but one of the things that BS is going to help do is create

Tyler Wright: weekly or monthly blogs around the community groups. So here's what's happened last couple months. Here's how you get involved all that kind of stuff like just a quick blurb for each and I would love to be able to link to that so that people can have the notes the transcripts the videos and then if they just want to read the quick blog and be like, This is a cool thing to the website working group is doing and I think I can help there. They have an easy access to that content. So everything else looks beautiful. And I would love for this to be started to start working on this or have somebody start working on this.


### 00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Sure.

Denis Lelic: So the next action item? from me would be To get everyone aligned so bring in Zach we can show some of the issues to Greg as well. So he's aware what's going on?

Denis Lelic: I'll drop provider screens. So the latest provider screens. And under the provider issue.

Denis Lelic: And I still have to provide feedback for the menu experience piyush worked on so it's pretty much there. I think it's 19995% there piyusha adjustment like we could add some hover States.

Piyush: yeah, and also there's some links that can fix for example product andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Andâ€¦

Piyush: Engineering orders right now don't have the proper league so we can just Audit all the links that have been implemented in now andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: it's good to go.

Piyush: then yeah.

Piyush: Was removal of vertical maps and that third nav in the mobile speed. as a

Denis Lelic: It lists.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Where is it? Did I just so this link here from the development product and Engineering roadmap is just gonna lead here. So I'll provide all of the links so

Piyush: we answered.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'll put it together and send it over to you and maybe for our next session. It would be great if we have a look at the swag shop.

Piyush: Yes for sure. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: swag shop some sort of a facelift orâ€¦

Piyush: Just as per the internet implementation plan,â€¦

Denis Lelic: new design

Piyush: The more thing that is going live very soon.

Denis Lelic: so yeah, it's

Piyush: I mean today the order on and Your ordering of the projects that are listed on the system page second cases issue number 16, which is the provided speech which we will get started working on just hear me the figma file like them take a look andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yes.

Piyush: thirdly the menu. I think it's almost done. We'll just change. That's why just share the proper idea aboutâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yes.

Piyush: how to remove the vertical Maps, or maybe you want to know. Or something like that.

Piyush: Thirdly pricing and case studies here is already working on them. So let's wait for them to respond if he has done otherwise, I will ask donates and hope with that because our last three development paid. So this will get started working on the development website side by side. And if not instantly we'll have some progress on that as well over time.

Piyush: Right. Yeah. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: That sounds good. And thanks for joining.

Tyler Wright: Yes, thank you piyush. I've added some comments to those issues. So again much appreciated everything. I'm going to continue to push on folks over next couple of days slash a week to see where we are. Make sure that these things kind of live because again, I'd much appreciate these are I think big improvements to the experience make it easier for people to access information and use that information. So really looking forward to this kind of stuff being alive.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, same here. so I suggest we just wrap it up for today. We talked enough. We know what to do next. So we'll talk in Discord and Other channels we have so thanks again for joining and looking forward to all of the progress and the work that can be done in the next week.

Denis Lelic: Have a good day, bye-bye.

Denis Lelic: hang up


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:40:13 ðŸ‘‹
