# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #36

## Agenda

- Review of recent pull requests (PRs) and feedback from team members
- Updates on new menu navigation, provider page, and case study page
- Discussion on the documentation process and tagging protocol
- Resolution of provider calculator decimal issue
- AI model integration for generating graphics on the website
- Overview of upcoming enhancements and design initiatives

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, September 19, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://xizhkq2uh33ndaz2rdywz6karsqwbjimryjtoztgkypczywuaz5q.arweave.net/ujJ1Q1Q-9tGDOojxbPlAjKFgpQyOEzdmZlYeLOLUBns)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Hiroyuki Kumazawa
- Piyush
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright
- ‰∫Ä‰∫∫Â∞èÊ≤≥

## Meeting Notes

- **PRs and Feedback on Ecosystem Updates**
  - Denis reviewed the latest PR, submitted by Shiny, which adds new projects to the ecosystem page.
  - Piyush mentioned two new PRs from Alice: one involves adding new content to the site, and the other is focused on ecosystem recommendations.
  - Tyler suggested that, for efficiency, PRs should be merged promptly to avoid delaying additional work and feedback from Zach will be sought in person due to the busy conference schedule.

- **Menu Navigation and UI Updates**
  - The new menu and navigation update introduces a more streamlined structure with dropdown options and easy access to community resources.
  - Piyush has a staging link with the redesigned menu, provider page, and case study page ready for feedback.
  - Tyler and Denis agreed on moving forward with merging the menu PR to prevent bottlenecks for future site updates.

- **Documentation Tagging Process**
  - Tyler addressed the need for consistent tagging when updating documentation on the site.
  - Contributors should tag Scott or other core engineering team members for complex documentation updates, while simpler updates can be handled directly.
  - Piyush suggested adding labels to automate this tagging process in GitHub.

- **Provider Calculator Decimal Issue**
  - Tyler noted a user-reported issue where the provider calculator didn‚Äôt accept decimal input.
  - Piyush confirmed the issue is related to the input boxes, which do not currently accept decimal values. He will address it and resolve the bug shortly.

- **New AI Model for Website Graphics**
  - Piyush raised a potential project involving AI-generated graphics for the Akash website.
  - Denis proposed experimenting with training an AI model using representative Akash images to generate consistent graphics aligned with Akash branding.
  - Piyush and Denis agreed to explore different AI tools like Flux for generating high-quality visuals.

- **Design and Content Initiatives**
  - Denis is working on drafts for new page designs that will build on the recently updated menu experience.
  - Upcoming pages will enhance usability, providing users with more digestible sections and visual appeal.
  - Robert highlighted the importance of engaging the community through Discord and encouraged suggestions for further optimization.


## Closing Remarks

- Denis expressed appreciation for everyone‚Äôs efforts in improving the Akash website and emphasized the importance of moving quickly to keep updates aligned with community needs.
- The team agreed to reconvene in two weeks, with ongoing discussion and progress updates to continue on Discord and GitHub.

## Action Items
- **Denis**
  - Finalize the new menu PR, incorporating any last feedback, and prepare for the next stage of UI updates.
  - Begin testing AI-generated graphics for potential integration on the Akash website.
  - Share drafts of upcoming pages with the team for feedback.

- **Piyush**
  - Implement a fix for the provider calculator decimal issue to allow accurate user input.
  - Review and merge PRs from Alice after receiving final feedback from Denis.
  - Research AI tools for graphics generation and begin testing with Flux.

- **Tyler**
  - Follow up with contributors on documentation tagging protocols and explore label-based automation.
  - Monitor community input on Discord for suggestions related to site improvements.

# **Transcript**

Piyush: Hello, hello.

Piyush: Tyler, I think you are not audible to me.

Robert Del Rey: I can hear your piyush.

Piyush: Yeah, I think can you hear Tyler? I think is not audible.

Robert Del Rey: No. I can hear him.

Piyush: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Hey guys, can you hear me?

Robert Del Rey: Yes, Denis.

Piyush: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Okay, great. I had some issues with my microphone.

Tyler Wright: Can you hear?

Piyush: Tyler, we can't hear you.

Denis Lelic: As Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Can you hear me?

Piyush: Yeah, no, no. We can hear.

Tyler Wright: Okay, I'm not sure if you didn't hear anything from me but just go back very quickly. Again, it's welcome to the working group with Akash website. It's September 19th. 2024 The Working Group, The cost website is a weekly meeting where folks and participants usually led by Denis and Piyush. Go over things related to the Akash website. That's everything from all the pages on the website and now includes documentation which is available at network Slash Docs. again, we usually go through any open issues in the website repo as the folks and get participation, but I'll hand over to Dennis, to get us started with the agenda. I have a couple of things that I wanted to cover at some point, but again, I'll end up with dentist to get it started.

Denis Lelic: Text Site. Yeah, I would suggest, we keep the usual schedule of this working group. So we usually check on PRS and newly created issues and anything. Of course, website related. I've just added the latest PR in the chat section. Here this was

Denis Lelic: This was a PR created for adding new projects to the ecosystem page and it was done by Shiny. I provided some feedback on the PR he created and I have to check Everything before we merge all appear to let you know when I check on that.

Denis Lelic: One thing I talked about with Tyler is still have a look at the issues and Lows, the ones that Either relevant or are completed. Maybe the latest one that was created by convey Ghost Smartphone global menu is necessary to update. We have Not a staging link from Piyush. That's already solving that. So obviously we


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Thanks Tyler for sharing. Yeah I would just suggest we delete this issue or solve it as close or anything. Yeah, I know a piyush. You still owe you Additional feedback, not for my side but from Zack and others on the new menu experience. And we have the

Denis Lelic: A new providers page and we have Case Studies page. So it's going to be a PR that's gonna do some changes. On the existing website and hopefully for the better, but I'm still waiting for that feedback from others, but they're all of them attending conferences. So it's a busy month this month and hopefully I'll hear back from them quite soon. But again, I was talking with Tyler that maybe we could just merge that thing because first of all, it's an improvement to the UI. That's a content related. So there's no copy changes, basically. So we might

Denis Lelic: Just merge it without feedback from Zach, I'm pretty sure he's gonna approve all the UI changes because it's way better experience that what we have now. So yeah, you're sorry for. I know you did it a while ago and we talked about it but

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I still don't have the final feedback.

Piyush: Yeah. Yeah, no worries. I'm also at the token 2049. So today was the second day for the event. And We also hosted a lot of side events here and a lot of presentation was there from the devs under the committee members. So I'll personal chat with Zac, probably tomorrow when we meet to get the final feedback and if he likes it or he will approves or find something that we can change, then we'll do or else. We'll just merge it within a day or two.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Yeah, I didn't know you were attending the same conference. Then great. You can get all the information first hand.

Piyush: Yeah, sure.

Denis Lelic: Is it late for you now?

Piyush: Yeah, I'm in Singapore. So right now it's 9:40 pm So, around me. We just came back from the events around 7 pm. So, I just laying around here in the room.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Cool. Yeah, thanks for joining.

Piyush: Yeah, no.

Denis Lelic: Tyler, you wanted to say something?

Tyler Wright: Thank you for joining Piyush. Yeah, there's a couple things I think I talked to Piyush about this previously with the documentation portion of the

Tyler Wright: A officially on the website and the groups. for now combined again, that'll change the cadence for SIG, documentation, and with docs being covered here and our core engineering team being very, very thin whenever we have any documentation updates. Again, if it's just like a simple updates, we can push them ourselves. It's a little bit more complex than we're. Just gonna make sure that we tag a member of the core engineering team. either Scott or somebody else just for them to put an eye on it, prior to it, going out just to say, structural formality. I think we talked about that. So I just want to let folks know that contribute to documentation,

Tyler Wright: if you can tag yourself, Scott McCain Zero. I think it's just pardon me his github, Then I'll save peers some time and effort to happen to do it. And again That's something that maybe we can just add under the labels. That automatically also just adds one of those people as a reviewer but I just want to let folks know that again, much appreciate peers for all the work. And after all the contributors for all that they're doing, this is a great way to contribute. I think there's a number of issues that are either in the process of being resolved and so we'll close those or, being resolve another contributors and ecosystem that are like,


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Pumping at the bit for new issues. So, again, if you see any issues related to the website or related to documentation that we think in be worked on or if anybody here on the call season the issues, creating an issue here and then we can again talk about it to discord talk about the meetings and then assign it and move forward. Any questions there? I have one more thing I want to talk about real fast, but any questions on that

Piyush: I think we have two new PRS from Alice it, so one of the PR is related to the recommendations where he's adding some of the new content to the site plus and other PR is related to the ecosystem. I think Denis is already being it called recommendations, I've already tagged Android so hopefully he'll leave it files. I'll just gym skort to take a look and if you approves then we can merge. The peer there is

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you very much. All right moving along. I'm not sure if there's an issue for this yet but I did see a discord that I Akash insider brought this up in the website channel around decimals on the provider calculator is I just want to see if that was something that has been resolved. I know it's from maybe 10 days ago or 12 days ago or is that something needs if initially needs to be created in, somebody can handle that real fast.

Piyush: so, I think It needs to be resolved. So the issue is more about with the sliders or decimals are visible. But when he's clicking the boxes to write the numbers, I think it's not letting him write the numbers in decimal. So we'll just resolve it quickly and let

Denis Lelic: So, are we creating an issue for this or‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much.

Denis Lelic: piyush? Will you take care of

Piyush: So I'll take care of memories notification.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: I got anything else.

Tyler Wright: That's all I had. Yeah, No. Those are the two things that I wanted to cover today. with, I guess the third being again I'm just a call to action to people on the call people in the community. Let's see any thing that can optimize the current website. feel free to get drop ideas in discord and issues etc. We can talk about them and then figure out a plan to move forward.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that sounds good. I have a couple of other things in the pipeline, but first, I would like to see the PR merged with new menu and the rest of the pages. And after that,

Denis Lelic: I'll create new issues and update some of the older ones new designs. Yes, I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Just throwing out the idea. if you have some new ideas that are based upon this PR that needs to be merged, I know Piyush said he's going to be meeting with Zack tomorrow. I know that Zach has previously seeing these ideas and it's supported them. I'm of the belief that we should because this group here has also supports these ideas that we should merge the PR maybe today on a Thursday. And then, if there's any changes that need to be made, we could make those over the weekend or next Monday. Versus Trying to do it tomorrow, which compared to be a Friday,

Tyler Wright: This is my two cents but I'm happy to move forward. However, I just don't want the process of future PRs that people could be working on to be slowed down by this work. But yeah, that's just based upon new information, So just putting that out there on

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. we have to figure out a way to avoid any blockers, so,

Denis Lelic: either we call or tag these I'm not sure should call them decision makers, but they were. Pretty much involved in this working group, so if they want to chime in they could, but I wouldn't let it rest for a month or two just to receive a feedback. So personally I would like to move forward faster.


### 00:15:00

Piyush: So I think what we can do as the work done I think we did it a few weeks ago. So what we can do is we'll just take a day to just review it. if there are unbox, if there are any books will just resolve and then merge, the PR by tomorrow.

Piyush: Yeah, thanks.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that sounds good. We'll talk either through discord or any other channels we have.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, from my side. I guess number one priority, would be the PR of that menu. And I'm already working on a couple of design drives for

Denis Lelic: other pages that we can build on top of that new menu experience. So hopefully I'll create them in the next week or So next time we meet, we're ready to make. Some progress.

Denis Lelic: so, Anything else you guys want to discuss? I see Robert. Go ahead, please.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, hey everybody. It's great to see that when you guys work in this class And agree on the next steps. Keep it up guys. Really good job. I just wanted to say the secret word for silly. as it's gonna be the same as last month. w w. With that secret word, you can earn some extra XP points on Akash ceiling. Thank you, Denis.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, Robert.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, from my side I think it pretty much covered everything, piyush tie. If you're have anything else to add, please go ahead. Otherwise we can make this meeting a bit shorter than usual.

Piyush: So this one issue that you created on Denis, it's kind of an AI model which considered I think related to So your idea was to basically generate the banners or whatever the user is prompting into the Prompt. It generates basically something related to the cross graphics. So I just want a little bit more brief on this and where do you want to get this added on the website so we can move forward with the addition of this model on the website itself.

Denis Lelic: yeah, we first have to kind of decide on the direction of these graphics and then we could grab at the moment we have this as the Excel, which is a bit outdated and I think Julius is already working on, you experience with adding and choosing different models. What I was thinking, what we could do is to Train.

Denis Lelic: Flux model with certain set of images that we think are representative. As of Akash and we can play around with that and what happens and what kind of images are being generated and if that is good enough for

Denis Lelic: Just to be Representative Akash as a brand.

Piyush: Yeah, So definitely look into it. So let's see.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, if you find time, maybe you can just play around. I saw there are some

Denis Lelic: A great resources I think it's called Laura Flux. Maybe I'll

Piyush: State. ‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: Look slower collection.

Piyush: the best image model right now,‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: I'm just trying to find a link.

Piyush: that is present in the market is the flux. So it came into the market recently, but the quality of majors started produces as much,‚Ä¶


### 00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Piyush: much higher compared to what others are doing. So yeah,

Denis Lelic: Yeah. It's way better than the Asia. And as the Excel, So yeah, I'll pick Julie is just to see.

Denis Lelic: is he making any progress with it or is morally, mainly focused on

Denis Lelic: Thanks to text model. At the moment. So I'll bring him just to see where we at but in the meantime yeah Piyush. Go ahead, please do some research and

Piyush: good fine.

Denis Lelic: We'll see what we can do in the future.

Denis Lelic: Okay, sounds good.

Denis Lelic: Our Thai. If you agree, real, we can just wrap it up. So, thanks again, everyone for joining. Feel free to DM me. If you read anything design related, if you want to talk about SIG design, or Anything website related product design related?

Denis Lelic: On discord, you can find me Denis Core team but keep an eye on the Akash Network website repo, where we Frequently post and create new issues. So if anyone is interested to contribute there, You'll find some work, of course.

Denis Lelic: thanks again for joining and we'll see each other in two weeks.

Piyush: Thank you, you

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe, everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:08 üëã

