# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #37

## Agenda
- Review of tasks completed in the past two weeks.
- Updates and ongoing discussions on open issues.
- Suggestions for new issues and task assignments.
- Improvements for the Akash website, including UX updates and community engagement.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, October 24, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Benjamin B
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Hiroyuki's Notetaker
- M R
- Piyush
- Rodri R
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
### Completed Tasks
- **Logo Update:**
  - The Akash logo was updated to align with other initiatives like Chat API.
  - Task completed by Benjamin or Piber Dev.

- **Events Page UX Updates:**
  - Reorganized event listings chronologically, removing month filters.
  - Adjusted tile graphics for consistency in size and layout.
  - Minor design improvements completed to improve the visual experience.

- **Calendar UI Discussion:**
  - Observed inconsistency in calendar views due to ongoing Google updates.
  - Decided to keep the issue open until November 4 to allow updates to settle.

### Open Issues
- **Global Search Feature:**
  - Suggested by Piyush and his team to enable global search functionality across the website.
  - Awaiting further expansion and detailed UI ideas in the comments section.

- **GPU Resource Enablement Page:**
  - Assigned to Piyush, awaiting updates regarding provider directions.
  - Task progress pending confirmation from external contributor Andrey.

- **Community Page Overhaul:**
  - Recognized the need for redesign and additional content for the community page.
  - Adam to provide new content ideas, with mock-ups to be created by Denis.
  - Focus areas include better visuals, content on community contributions, and integrations.

- **Calendar Accessibility:**
  - Suggested making the calendar more visible via a sticky button or header link.
  - Issue to remain open for implementation based on content updates.

### Contributor Coordination
- **Transparency in Contributions:**
  - Tyler emphasized the importance of tracking contributions publicly for community visibility.
  - Contributors are to log hours and PRs against bounty tickets for transparency.
  - Monthly contributor rewards to be processed based on logged hours and contributions.

### Miscellaneous Updates
- **Community Engagement:**
  - Encouraged increased participation in issue creation and implementation from community members.
  - Plans to feature community activities and photos on the redesigned community page.

- **Upcoming Meetings:**
  - Denis to take time off in the next two weeks; Tyler will coordinate meetings and provide updates.
  - Future meetings to focus on addressing high-priority issues and ongoing projects.

### Closing Remarks
- Denis thanked participants and encouraged continued discussions on Discord.
- Meetings to proceed as planned, with recordings reviewed for updates in Denis's absence.

## Action Items
- **Denis Lelic:**
  - Create mock-ups for the community page redesign.
  - Monitor calendar UI updates and share progress on Discord.

- **Piyush:**
  - Provide updates on the GPU Resource Enablement page.
  - Expand on the global search feature issue with detailed implementation plans.

- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Track and manage contributor submissions for hours and PRs.
  - Coordinate meetings during Denis's absence and provide updates.

- **Adam:**
  - Share additional content ideas for the community page overhaul.

# **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's working group meeting for Akash website. For those of you who are joining here for the first time or those that might be listening to the recording these meetings happen, every 14 days, what we meet and discuss everything website related. We usually go through the issues that We fixed in the previous two weeks and then we try to either create or discuss new ones that we're going to tackle in the next two weeks. So I'm just gonna get us going. issues. In the last two weeks.

Denis Lelic: Okay, it's probably this one because we skipped last meeting, we moved it today. So, This one replace logo as the Excel on with Akash Sdxl. I think this was done, not really sure by who, but it's done. So it's basically this style here. it says Akash sdxl, it's kind of

Denis Lelic: Aligned with all the other initiatives and products like Akash, Chat API, and so on and so on. so,

Denis Lelic: So if this icon was distorted kind of compressed a little bit I think Benjamin or Fiber Dev fixed this one. So thank you. I think you're on this call, right?

Denis Lelic: And then we had advanced Page UX updates. This is a little bit bigger issue. So we've Removed. Some of the functionality here, and The page looks Now, So we have all the events listed we skipped months and we just list all of the events that are happening in.

Denis Lelic: I don't know, chronological order. So we got a headline here. And tiles and so on. and there's a button to see all the past events. So, This thing here, changes and all of the events are listed here. Yes. And there was a minor change after we did this. It was basically just a line. All of the Images sort of their kind of in the same size and it's not breaking the layout and so on. So this was the issue.

Denis Lelic: Purify size of the graphics. So that was done as well. Okay, so there's a big discussion happening here around this calendar UI. So basically, there's All right, two views that are happening. Occasionally the first one happens in the majority of times when users view the calendar. And this one happens from time to time, I guess Google was testing at this new calendar and I believe we see

Denis Lelic: Leon Kurt Master set, a Google assistant process of fully launching this new eye, according to this blog post expert expected to be fully launched by November 4th. So I suggest we just keep this issue open for the next 10 days and we'll see if it's updated but thanks to all of you who joined this discussion. And we're just trying to figure out why this thing is happening. Hopefully, in 10 days, we'll have this issue, fixed and close.

Denis Lelic: I'm just gonna have anything else happened. And if any other comments happened here around other issues, this issue was brought up by human HQ so Piyush and his team and it was just asking a global search across the whole website.

Denis Lelic: So Peter and his team, they're gonna expand this issue and provide more details, whenever they find time, I guess.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Denis Lelic: I'm just reading the chat here. So here, she's saying we have a live example here.

Denis Lelic: So it's arbit from Hub.io and Piyush. And his team were suggesting to create this kind of Functionality. I know. Let's try something.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, sounds good. Maybe we can just expand a little bit, the whole idea and everything behind This idea and how the UI would look like here and the issue section in the comment sections.

Denis Lelic: Some of these issues are a bit. maybe outdated this one for adding FAQ space which is gonna go through these a bit late and see you what can we close

Denis Lelic: This one has created a while ago. I'm just gonna revisit this one quickly. GPU Resource Enablement page, should contain directions to provider feature. Okay, I see human age. You self assigned this two weeks ago. So piyush, if you can provide us an update, maybe you just drop it here in the comments section if you're not able to talk now.

Denis Lelic: And this one of course that was created by Tyler a long time ago, and we should definitely work on this but from the Last drafts I shared here. We should definitely have a look at the content. We have to restructure the content a little bit. I talked to Zach about it but he's been working on different tasks and probably whenever he finds time. He's gonna have a look at this thing here and see what can we do. One thing I was talking about we should talk more about integrations here and also,

Denis Lelic: Some sort of call to action or a section where we talk about startups, and how they can leverage Network and universities as well. So that's something we should add here as well. So I'm gonna create a new mock-up and just drop it here and in the section and when we have a green light for the content, then we can start working on the implementation here.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Piyush is saying for the last task. Relate To GPU text edition. We will do the PD to R pretty soon. Just need to get the confirmation from Andre. I have already paid him with the preview, Thank so these are the issues that are still currently open. and as usual, I'm gonna leave this part of the meeting open for discussions. If you guys want to talk about anything, maybe if you've seen a bug here, there you want to create a new issue, or you want to tackle some of these that are still open, just feel free to talk. yes, Benjamin

Benjamin B: Hi, I just want to mention that. I'm jumping in a little for Robert now, for the silly secret code for Participating in this whole And a slow time. The code for this meeting will be www. As in worldwide web.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Yes, I

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's issues created for the community page or any of those other pages that I know we want people to help contribute, I know we need to do some mock-ups for, I know that Adam is working on content for the community page. And again, I know we have a number of contributors in the ecosystem there looking to get more involved, but I just want to see if there's an issue for the community yet. If not, can we create one?

Denis Lelic: Sure Which part of the community. Sorry.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: The end I think the entire community page needs an overhaul. I think right now it's very bare minimum to say the least and so I think the entire page needs a rework redesign and then this is a ton more content that Adam wants to add to it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. I think we're missing. Also something about

Denis Lelic: A general page about community so we have.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, We have the insiders community contributions and validators. So Especially this page around insiders could tell more, it could be visually more. Engaging, I guess we can share some photos from the events as we discussed a couple of times already, but I'll get in touch, maybe with Adam to see, what are his ideas around it and we can just take it from there. I'll create a mock up. We'll do some iterations and for anyone's interested from the community to create this implemented. I'm sure there's going to be a lot of takers. I'm happy to see each issue has a bunch of people.

Denis Lelic: Trying to work on themselves, but just great. That's something we were looking for basically, from the beginning of this Building in the open on how to call it, exactly. But I'm sure your guys are aware what I'm talking about. Yes.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I

Tyler Wright: I just want to add to that for those that are contributing. Yeah, we talked about things, we assign project, if you can drop in just the hours. And I think many of folks are doing. But just as a reminder, if you could drop in the hours and then specific PR inside of the bounty ticket. This is just a way for us to track items in the public. Again, we have ways to contact you all to make sure that you all get paid end of each month for contributions that are approved on via this working group. But I just want to make sure that everybody is putting their contributions in the open because then that gets added to a transparent sheet so they can continue to improve the value of the community support proposal. And all the work that is being done by this group. So again, we try to be as transparent as possible for those that are contributing to the website or Please happy finishing item with the PR in there, just for visibility, and then the hours

Tyler Wright: again if ours seem like erroneous the community will continue to check each other on that. But again, just put the hours and the prs and then we'll make sure that everyone gets proper rewards at the end of each month.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I I usually direct all contributors to do the same, so thanks time.

Denis Lelic: So anything else you guys want to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Real Quick. Can you go to the development page? Please.

Denis Lelic: Yes.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Okay, doesn't seem like much of an issue here when I was on a browser, maybe I had a different size computer but the calendar wasn't visible and I was wondering because the calendar is so important. If there should be a link to it at the top in that second header, or if it doesn't matter as much. But right here on your browser, doesn't seem to be an issue, you can get right to it. So I was just really quickly want to see if there's any thoughts on that, but it seems like it's fine for now. So I'll leave it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, while we're at the calendar here, it's the I guess already updated UI. So sometimes I'm seeing the other one. Now it's this new one but for the

Denis Lelic: Let me see. But issue is just threat, you've just raised a while ago, we talked about having community calendar, as a sticky button which would follow the scroll all the time. And

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it would look like this. So when a user clicks on this, it's just gonna open up the whole calendar and it's gonna look something. In this manner. But as soon as we have,


### 00:15:00

Denis Lelic: Some updates regarding the content on this page. I'll give a green light here in this issue and I'll share down the discord as well if anyone wants to help with the implementation but yeah, I do agree Tyler with Calendar should be more permanent and In users face.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so We're kind of went quickly through the closed issues and mention all these that are still open and I'll create an issue for the community as well. So if you guys, Agree. We can wrap it up early today and next week and then week after that I'll be taking some time off but you guys are free to meet Tyler's gonna. I'm sure inform you if the meeting is going to move otherwise I'll Have a look at the recording, just to see where we at.

Denis Lelic: thanks for joining everyone. Happy to see you here, and we'll talk on discord.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all. Thank you, Denis.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:18:50 ðŸ‘‹

