
# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #38

## Agenda
- Review and discussion of newly created issues.
- Updates on Akash website features and content.
- Feedback on community contributions and engagement strategies.
- Discussion on meeting cadence and contributor coordination.
- Updates on event page templates and future usage.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, November 28, 2024
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://tdwhpg2g6vy4fvwkmud6bua3cvhqv7fdnlyaei6u2k2l56npzbfa.arweave.net/mOx3m0b1ccLWymUH4NAbFU8K_KNq8AIj1NK0vvmvyEo)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants
- Alex Pedersen
- Denis Lelic
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Okhai
- Hiroyuki Kumazawa
- Hiroyuki's Notetaker
- Piyush
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
### Issue Review
- **Image Replacement:** 
  - An issue was raised by Piber to replace a specific image on the website.
  - Denis noted that Hiroyuki has volunteered to work on this, including creating a dark mode version of the image.
  - Figma files will be shared for implementation.

- **Text Readability:** 
  - Discussion on reducing line length for better readability post-navigation menu updates.
  - Piyush suggested referencing OpenAI's design approach but noted its blog-focused narrowness.
  - The community page margins were cited as an example of better text width.

- **Community Page Update:**
  - Content provided by Adam will be used to update all community pages.
  - Mobile experience designs and icons for validators are included in the new Figma file.

- **Funding Program Updates:**
  - Updates to funding program details were discussed, including the addition of new images and more comprehensive text.

### Contributor Coordination
- **Task Assignments:** 
  - Hiroyuki to estimate time and resources for assigned tasks.
  - Contributors like Happy Tinker and Shiny Singtax were identified for specific issues.
  - Tyler emphasized transparency in issue comments for clarity.

- **Template Implementation:** 
  - Piyush highlighted issue #418 for introducing a new issue template.
  - Denis agreed on separate workflow files to avoid breaking the site.

### Community Engagement
- **Meeting Cadence:**
  - Tyler suggested increasing meeting frequency to weekly for faster contributions.
  - General agreement among attendees, with Tyler to update the calendar.

- **Feedback Mechanisms:**
  - Contributors were encouraged to provide comments and feedback directly on GitHub issues.

### Event Page Updates
- **Template Standardization:** 
  - A new event page template was introduced for current and future events.
  - Details include booth numbers, side events, and speaker information.
  - Amanda will update the template for upcoming events like Denver.

### Closing Remarks
- Denis thanked attendees and encouraged ongoing communication via Discord, GitHub, and other channels.
- The meeting concluded with agreement to continue discussions on asynchronous platforms.

## Action Items
- **Denis Lelic:**
  - Share Figma files for ongoing issues.
  - Coordinate with Amanda to update event page templates.
- **Hiroyuki Kumazawa:**
  - Provide implementation plans and resource estimates for assigned tasks.
  - Begin work on dark mode image replacement and other design tasks.
- **Piyush:**
  - Share additional design feedback on GitHub.
  - Assist in reviewing implementation strategies for issue templates.
- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Update the meeting cadence in the team calendar.
  - Coordinate with contributors to assign and track progress on issues.
- **Amanda**
  - Finalize and update event page templates for 2025 events.

# **Transcript**

Piyush: This is I mean if hero joins Yeah, I think he joined

Denis Lelic: Yes,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Hero joined. So I just started the recording. first of all, I want to welcome everybody to today's working group meeting for the Akash website. And I suggest we just kick it off and have a look at the latest issues that were created.  So the first one was done by fiber. So he suggested that we should replace this image with correct information. So I have this file here. so if anyone's interested in replacing this I'll share the Figma file.

Denis Lelic: I know Hiro has already said he's willing to work on it andâ€¦

Piyush: Yeah.  Sure.

Denis Lelic: needs a dark mode version of the image as well. I think I only provided this one and I'm not sure P is this an image you've created the dark version as well. but if not I can just create it and I'll share sigma file here under so next issue is to reduce the line length on the website for better readability. so this is something that's happened when we updated the new menu.

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: So if anyone here on the call can recall there's been a vertical nav on the left and since we replaced it and got this drop-down new experience and with this horizontal nav we have a much wider page which means that some of the texts here are quite long. So I think I've counted one around 180 characters.

Piyush: Oops. So I have some examples.

Denis Lelic: Which is way too long for kind of to have a normal experience while So optimal would be something around 80 characters per line. So, we could fix this by just adding margin left right increase that side number and the text is going to be kind of more narrow and easier to read.

Piyush: So maybe what do you think if we take example from the open AI? So I shared the link in the chat.

Denis Lelic: Let me see if you're referring to blog. I think it's way too narrow. and I even stated here the issue is not related to blog postâ€¦

Piyush: 

Denis Lelic: because that's a different setting. so the examples follow here with these new pages.

Piyush: But it would be greatâ€¦

Piyush: if we can have some example. not this. yeah. Mhm.

Denis Lelic: So community page already has this thing which the margin on the left and right is way bigger than currently what we have on coming next is the issue to update all the community pages. So content came directly from Adam. he's not here. so I've just created this issue based on his texts and requests and so on.

Denis Lelic: So I've got a Figma file with mobile experience as well and new graphics and yes that's about it. So anyone willing to one thing I have to add icons here in the responsibilities section this is for the validators. but when I'll share Figma with anyone who's willing to work on it these icons are going to be included in Figma file as well.  So next issue is the funding programs. so let's see how it looks at the moment. So if we go to development funding programs we have governance proposal and a cash grants program.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: So, what we would like to do here is update it with newly prepared texts and be more detail about what are the ways of funding a project and on So possibilities are bounties governance proposals and delegations. So we got three new images as well andâ€¦

Piyush: 

Denis Lelic: I think that's it for everything newly created. Yeah, that's it. So as usual I would like to keep the second half of this meeting open for any discussions.  If you have any questions regarding any of these issues or you would like to propose a new one, feel free to

Piyush: Great. So I think hero have already shown the interest to do some of the issues.

Piyush: So it would be great if you can share the Figma hall with him and I would expect hero to comment also the number of hours and the estimated time that it will take for him to complete the issues.

Piyush: And secondly if you want to say something you can and

Denis Lelic: Yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: I already saw our hero posted some comments and showed interest interest in some of these issues. I know Tyler has been talking with lots of community members and first of all we need some sort of timeline and of course the resources need that are going to be needed for each of these issues.

Piyush: 

Denis Lelic: So we need to clear that if both bodies agree then we can just move along and move to the next stage.

Piyush: Okay.

Piyush: And also I would like to highlight the issue. I think it was raised back in zoom adding a implemented functionality for the aash blog. I think it has been raised by Zach where he wants to filter the blocks based on the author. So I've also shared some of the Figma file already in the comments like how we can implement.

Piyush: So I just want some feedback on whether they are looking good or not. so yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yes,â€¦

Denis Lelic: that's something we got to ask Zach about because he's like the keeper of the blog section and this issue was raised by him.  So I would just ask him directly just to take a couple of minutes of time and have a look at these proposals here design drafts and so we have a clear direction from him. Yes. Sounds good. Yeah.  type. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: 

Piyush: Yeah. Yeah. I think

Tyler Wright: Sorry.

Tyler Wright: The only thing that I was going to add was I know that P and some others had talked about changing the cadence of this meeting to more frequently weekly so we can get more and faster contributions. I don't know if that was talked about in the first couple minutes before I joined. So, I apologize, but I just want to bring that up as an agenda item because I'm happy to meet weekly and I know there's a bunch of contributions or contributors in the ecosystem that ask questions weekly and want to get more involved. So, I think a weekly meeting wouldn't be a bad idea and it doesn't have to be the whole hour. It could be however long we need, but just throwing it out there. I try to catch off to you.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean if everyone agrees hi P Ho, I know you're attending these meetings on a regular basis and if you guys agree we can meet every week works for me as so Tyler I think you can change the cadence of these in the calendar.  Just feel free to Okay, cool. Yeah.

Piyush: 

Piyush: So there is one issue I think raised by himself. It's the issue number 418 introduce issue mp So I think the direction behind this template is great. basically what this issue will do is it will allow the contributors to have a template while creating if they are creating a PR to the documentation site or a website or whatever. So I think the direction is good. So I just want hero to provide some proper implementation plans and what are the files that will be changed while implementing this issue. I think there needs to be some changes in the workflow file. So I just want to make it clear that we don't want to make changes to the main workflow file that is estro.


### 00:10:00

Denis Lelic: I think we had it

Piyush: ML for the issue templates.

Piyush: I suggest to have a separate workflow file to avoid breaking the site. So yeah, that's my feedback on this.

Denis Lelic: a while ago and I know we used it for console. So, let me just see. Let's have a look at some of the older issues. But the thing is sometimes these templates just don' You're right. We changed the repo.  So we had it there. but yeah sometimes these template issues just don't work. Just for example for if we have a look at the latest one updating the funding programs page it just means we got to update the text.

Denis Lelic: But I like the idea of templates for bugs just because you have to state how to replicate the bug an error or something like that and what the pix would look like.

Piyush: 

Denis Lelic: But for that that's great. I think I would use it in that manner. But for if we just have to update text or anything like that, I would just go just straightforward and update this text, replace it with this text, and that's it.

Piyush: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Piyush: I agree on that point.

Denis Lelic: Okay, sounds good. anything else you guys want to talk? I know you've been talking with different community members and who's willing to take some of these newly created issues. So can you maybe sync all of them andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: make sure there's one doing two issues or two people doing one issue and so on.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I'm coordinating with some folks, but again, if we talked about doing an issue, if you can just put a comment under that specific issue, that'll be transparent for everybody in the community. But I think Happy Tinker is taking one. Shiny Singtax is taking another. so again yeah, just leave a comment under the one and then if I don't see a comment in next day or so, I might reassign to somebody else because I think we want to get both of these things updated as quickly as possible.

Piyush: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. Okay. maybe we just talk about this thing really quickly. So there's one new thing that happened on the website and that's this event page. we're probably going to use this template for all the future events. in the next year probably because this one is the last one happening this year. so this is a dedicated page for a detail page for events.

Denis Lelic: So anyone who's interested to meet the core team members at different events, there's going to be a detailed page where you can read all about it and you can also find side events hosted by if there's someone speaking from the community or core team, you're going to find information where there's also a booth number that's stated here and a little bit more about what it is. You can explore the ecosystem and find some latest news.


### 00:15:00

Denis Lelic: So that's something that we introduced for neural IPS and we're probably just going to do use this temple template for all the future events. I think the next one might be not sure.

Tyler Wright: I think it's for tier all the events where we'll have a very big presence in 2025.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. So I'll talk to Amanda.  you just have to update all the events that are currently so I think Denver we have a date for that. So we can just easily create one of these that's about it for the updates that happened in the last two weeks and we went through the issues.

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: So, if you guys want to talk about anything else, now is the time. Otherwise, we can just wrap it up and continue on Discord or all the different channels we have. So, thanks again everyone for joining. we'll see each other probably next week if these meetings are going to happen every week. So, looking forward to meeting you again.

Piyush: 

Denis Lelic: And let's stay in touch on GitHub, Discord, X, Twitter, whatever you prefer. Have a good day. Bye-bye.

Piyush: Hey, have a good day.

Piyush: Hold on.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:20:07 ðŸ‘‹

