# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - Meeting #39

## Agenda
- Updates on the Akash community calendar and roadmap.
- Review of ongoing and newly created issues.
- Discussion on community contributions and improvements in workflow.
- Enhancing visibility of website features and navigation.
- Call for more contributors in technical documentation and copywriting.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, January 23, 2025
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants
- Alex Pedersen
- B S
- Boldpanther
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Okhai
- Forbes Analos
- Hiroyuki's Notetaker
- Leandro Barbosa
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes

### Community Calendar & Roadmap Updates
- **Calendar Button Visibility:**
  - A community calendar sticky button was added but feedback suggested it was not visible enough.
  - Proposed changes: Moving the button to the **top right corner** and making it more noticeable.
  - The button was also missing on the **roadmap page**, so it was included in the issue.
  - Tyler noted inconsistencies in mobile visibility, prompting further review.

- **Roadmap Automation:**
  - **Boldpanther** confirmed that GitHub Actions are now implemented for **automatic updates every 6 hours**.
  - Community repo updates will be pulled automatically, reducing manual intervention.
  - Tyler asked about **automatically displaying the next meeting on the website** using community repo data.

- **Automating Meeting Info Display:**
  - Boldpanther suggested modifying **front matter parameters** in the community repo for structured updates.
  - Another approach is to explore integration with **Google Calendar** for automation.
  - Tyler stressed the importance of accurate meeting info to improve user experience.

### Website Fixes & Feature Enhancements
- **Fixes Implemented:**
  - **Clickable navigation tiles**: Previously required multiple clicks; now clicking directly navigates to relevant pages.
  - **Secondary horizontal nav restoration**: Missing navigation bar on the roadmap page has been restored.

- **Pending Issues:**
  - **Community Calendar Button Visibility**: BCT Crypto expressed interest in working on this.
  - **Assignments & Estimates**: Contributors should state **estimated hours and cost** before taking issues.

### Improving Contribution Workflow
- **Issue Assignments:**
  - Boldpanther noted that **many contributors do not fully read issue details** before requesting assignments.
  - Tyler emphasized **adding estimated delivery timelines** along with effort estimates.
  - Aim: Ensure tasks are completed efficiently without unnecessary delays.

- **Technical Documentation & Copywriting Needs:**
  - Tyler called for **more community contributors** to support documentation and writing efforts.
  - **Bounties are available** for:
    - **Technical documentation** (provider console, API updates, user guides).
    - **Copywriting support** to enhance website content.
  - Open-source nature of Akash Network provides a great opportunity for skilled writers and documenters.


**Action Items**
- **Denis Lelic:**
  - Finalize calendar button changes and roadmap page improvements.
  - Ensure community repo updates reflect automatically on the website.
- **Boldpanther:**
  - Explore automation of meeting info display using Google Calendar or front matter modifications.
- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Track and manage contributor assignments based on effort estimates and delivery timelines.
  - Continue outreach for technical writers and copywriters.
- **BCT Crypto:** Work on improving visibility of the community calendar button.

## **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey guys, welcome to today's working group meeting for those of you who might listening a recording of these calls happen every week same same place and during these meetings we discuss everything akash.network is the website we're talking about here.

Denis Lelic: Let me see. we talk about everything website related including docs, designs, content as well. So the way things usually go, we head over to the repo of the website and we have a look at the issues that are newly created or were done in the previous week. so this issue was created by me. last call we talked about the development page where we had a calendar previously. It was positioned somewhere here.

Denis Lelic: And then the next change was we added this community calendar sticky button in the bottom right corner. You want to use your fix there was this popup where you can go through the calendar. yeah but some community members and I think Tyler as well mentioned that it's not visible enough. So I propose some changes. so yes, here is the new button. It's going to be more up there. so it's easier to see, I hope. And, it's going to be positioned this is the button I'm talking about. And it's going to be positioned in the top right corner.

Denis Lelic: and I saw while I was going through this that the button is missing on the road map page. So, I've included that in the issue as and What else?  And another thing would be

boldpanther: I am your loyalty.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I thought it was just me, too. yeah, Dennis, I can't hear you up right now. Can anyone hear me?

boldpanther: guests. we can reuse

Tyler Wright: While Dennis is figuring out his audio, as it pertains to this community calendar, as I look around, the website, I' to look at it on mobile. I'm trying to see if I can even see this community calendar button on mobile. Yep.

Tyler Wright: Okay, it does show up on some pages on mobile. I was trying to direct somebody to it a couple days ago via mobile and was having trouble via some places. but it looks like it's there on the development page. Dennis, are you able to speak? And yes, yeah. Yeah, you're good You're good now.

Denis Lelic: dropped. so yeah. I don't know if you guys could hear me through all my monologue because I have no idea when I dropped off. So yes, can you still see my screen? You probably do, right? so yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Denis Lelic: this is the issue we were talking about. This is the button I was just suggesting. it's in red. So hopefully it's going to pop up more. And I was suggesting also to put it in the top right corner. there are some changes that are going to happen in this secondary nav. and hopefully we're going to have more space. and maybe the community calendar button is going to be positioned here where product engineering road map is.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: but I guess we need some time until some community members and core team members figure out some new updates around the product road map and product strategy and one part of this solution would be to bring the calendar back to this area. okay. I think P is here. yes.

Denis Lelic: So there was this issue that was brought up by Tyler in our last call and Human HQ aka Bold Panther created this issue and I believe the latest update is we're going to have this live by Friday.

Denis Lelic: But if you have a minute and you can talk, please go ahead.

boldpanther: So for a repo the road map it is already implemented.

boldpanther: So we have now actions which checks for any updates to the road map repo every 6 hours and if there are any it pulls the latest updates automatically.  The second thing is for the community it's in the work but for the road map it's already implemented. Thanks.

Denis Lelic: Cool. Thank you,â€¦

Denis Lelic: So, let's have a look. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, ier, real quick. for the GitHub actions issue so we can pull in the data from the community repo. Is there any way for us to pull in so that on the tile if somebody goes to that community groups page they can see when the next meeting is or is that something that we would have to manually do inside the website repo Okay.

Tyler Wright: 

boldpanther: So we are implementing the GitHub actions that will pull all the latest changes from the community repo. So we won't have to do anything manual to the website repo after it's implemented.  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I guess more specifically, I guess I'll just pull up the page just so that what I am talking about.

Tyler Wright: so on this page, what's there are some of these groups that are no longer in existence like sync deployments. this page still have to be manual. I know that the data from this page will now be pulled in from the community repo.  So it'll reflect all the meetings that now live in as an example SIG Analytics in the community repo. But this previous page right here, will this have to be manually changed? And then is there a way in the meeting section right here for us to add when the next meeting is with the date and time?

Tyler Wright: Can that data be pulled in from the community repo if we put it in a specific field or do we have to manually change that inside the website repo?

boldpanther: Then we have to play with some of the parameters on the community itself where we are updating the front matter with the description the next meeting and the links right so this is something that can be done automatically if it's not there then we have to do this manually or else I'll explore how can we do this via Google calendar that we have and so yeah I'll explore this more and let you

Tyler Wright: I can make a more specific issue, but I have heard of a number of people and this is why I brought this up last week that have been coming that have go to GitHub, but maybe don't go to the community repo, but look at the website and then feel as if the community groups are or are not happening based upon the websites, not based upon the GitHub Akash network organization. So this is why this is of high priority to me just to give people accurate information.

boldpanther: You need  Thank you.

Tyler Wright: And then I know people have been asking wanting to know when the next meeting is.

Tyler Wright: So trying to make that as clear as possible would be greatly appreciated.


### 00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Thanks Tai.

Denis Lelic: And thanks P. okay going back to sharing my screen so a couple of issues that were created andâ€¦

boldpanther: Yes.

Denis Lelic: already closed. there was a fix site link. Okay, this link was replaced with this one on the ecosystem page. let me see.

Denis Lelic: Okay, this is something we were talking about probably a couple of weeks ago and this one is done. so what this means is all of these items are clickable.  So in the previous version you had to go through each of these items to go to a certain page but now just by clicking on this one it's going to go to the first page. So community to events development to get involved network to about a cash and so on.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, this one is done. and there was a missing secondary horizontal nav on the road map page and this is done as I think that's so probably one of the easiest and the low lowest hanging fruit would be to improve the visibility of the community calendar button and the calendar itself there. So if there are any takers out there who are willing to work on this issue just drop a comment there.

Denis Lelic: I see BCT crypto already showed some interest.

boldpanther: are asking for the other issues to be assigned to them but I just want to say most of them are under discussions once they are ready we'll just assign to the interstate candidates the only thing that the candidates have to do is to mention the number of hours that is required to complete the issue followed by the cost so we can assign the issues accordingly to the contributorsâ€¦ who are interested  Thanks.

boldpanther: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree.

Denis Lelic: There's a lot of back and forth under some issues. I have a feeling not everyone reads through the whole issue and just go through the first part.

Denis Lelic: but at the bottom if the issue is not finalized and it's a starting point and a starting point for either to create new content to create new designs just please follow through the whole issue so you're aware of the status yes go ahead

Tyler Wright: I again second what you and Bull Panther said. The only thing that I would add is it would be great if people could start to add time frame in which they would deliver it because I know hours is good but sometimes people say and this is not just here but just in general this will take me four hours. and then it's a week later and it's still not done. I know people have to find time but I would love to people to think about how much time they have in their own week to give contributions to Akos and then incorporate that into how they're scoping out the work so that we can determine all right it might take someone six hours andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: someone else four hours but it'll live by one person by Friday. I think that would be the most important thing some cases

Denis Lelic: Yeah, agree Tyler.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so as usual, we went through all of these issues that are either newly opened or newly closed. but if you guys want to discuss anything else website related, you have a new issue or anything, now is the time. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I know that there's somebody helping out with documentation for the provider console. so there should be a PR coming soon. I know that again some other people from the core engineering team have been submitting PRs for updated documentation and Bold Panther has been and merging those and reviewing. So thank you on Bold Panther.  One thing I would love to find is again more people in the community that can do technical documentation or technical guides. We have one person in the community that's been very helpful there, but we're always looking for more especially as the core engineering team is focusing on thinning up ajs and some of the API stuff so that it's easier developers for them to use a console etc.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: as we think about better user experience in 2025.  another. So again, if anybody has technical documentation expertise or knows anybody that's looking to do that kind of stuff, please point the business in this direction because there again our bounties available. And we are also looking for somebody that can help with copy, somebody that has an understanding of the English language and can kind of write in the style that you see on the website right now. with informative copy to help speed up the process on some of these other supplemental pages. I know our internal core team is working on again a number of different efforts.

Tyler Wright: so obviously with the K network website being open source it would be great to get more folks involved to not only code pages but also provide copy support etc so that we can kind of move these things on a little bit faster.  So again, if anybody in your circle is looking for more working opportunities and wants to get involved in a project like Akos and again has some copywriting chops or is a really good writer, please point him in this

Denis Lelic: I agree with everything you said. so all contributions in any shape or form are always welcomed and yeah anyone else?  So we have another meeting happening u same place keep an eye on the cash network website repo where we frequently post either new issues and everything website related and also on the discord working group akash website channel.

Denis Lelic: thanks for joining today and we'll see each other next week. Have a good day. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:05 ðŸ‘‹


