# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - November 6

## Agenda

- Review of updates and status reports from the past period.
- Discussion on the status and communications related to the Mainnet 14 upgrade.
- Examination of community contributions, including PRs, new content, and UI enhancements.
- Detailed conversation regarding the proposed Student Ambassador Program webpage implementation.
- Identification and prioritization of necessary improvements for technical documentation.
- Coordination of open Pull Requests, new content ideas, and agreement on immediate next steps for the working group.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, November 06, 2025
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

- Piyush
- Tyler Wright
- Dennis
- Fennel
- Various Community Members

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks

- Piyush initiated the meeting by extending a welcome to all group members.
- He clearly articulated the primary function and purpose of the SIG meeting.
- He emphasized that all work related to the website, including all open issues and submitted Pull Requests, operates with complete transparency and is hosted as open-source on GitHub.
- He strongly encouraged proactive engagement from the broader community, directing contributions through GitHub issues, the submission of Pull Requests, and active participation in the dedicated Discord Website channel.

### Network and Ecosystem Updates

- The core team successfully executed the **Mainnet 14** upgrade, which represents a substantial and significant update to the Akash Network.
- All meeting attendees were strongly advised to thoroughly review the corresponding official blog post for comprehensive details regarding the upgrade.
- Akash’s official presence on Twitter underwent a change, transitioning the handle from the previous `@akashnet_` to the updated and consolidated `@akashnet`.
- This new Twitter handle has been successfully implemented and reflected across the user interface (UI) and all associated web pages.

### Community Contributions and Pull Request Activity

- The project observed significant community engagement, resulting in the submission of **ten to fifteen or more Pull Requests** during the Hactoberfest event.
- The submitted PRs encompassed a variety of necessary updates, including fixes to the UI, corrections for spelling and grammar, necessary DevOps updates, and overall improvements to the documentation.
- A new blog post, submitted as a PR by a community contributor named George, was noted; Piyush requested that Tyler undertake the review and provide approval for its integration.
- A separate, newly authored blog post, penned by Marissa, which specifically highlights the value and activities of Akash Insiders, was selected by Adam and subsequently published.

### Lead Generation and Website Operations

- Ongoing efforts are focused on updating and refining the **GPU-on-demand lead-generation forms**.
- This work is being meticulously coordinated in collaboration with the core team and the marketing department.
- Several other open Pull Requests contributed by the community, covering minor fixes and general enhancements, remain pending and are scheduled for necessary review.

### Student Ambassador Program Webpage

- **Tyler’s Update on the Program**
    - The community and the Insiders program are actively preparing for the official launch of a **Student Ambassador Program**.
    - The inaugural cohort is confirmed to include students representing high-profile institutions such as Princeton, USC, Cornell, in addition to participants from various other international universities.
    - The primary strategic objective of the program is global expansion, aimed at providing dedicated support to blockchain student communities and facilitating access to essential compute resources for student groups.
    - There is an urgent, immediate need for the creation of a new **Student Ambassadors** subpage, which must include the following components:
        - A concise, descriptive introductory paragraph.
        - A prominently displayed call-to-action button, specifically for Spring cohort applications.
        - An initial temporary placeholder design, with plans for more complete visual assets to be added at a later stage.
    - Tyler requested that this new page be deployed and go live **within twenty-four hours** of the final copy and necessary Figma files being delivered to Dennis.
- **Piyush’s Commitment**
    - Piyush confirmed that, upon the receipt of the necessary Figma assets, the page deployment can be completed within the specified twenty-four-hour timeframe.
    - Both parties agreed that this aggressive turnaround schedule is entirely feasible and achievable.

### Documentation Improvements Needed

- **Missing or Hard-to-Find Documentation Areas (Highlighted by Tyler)**
    - Comprehensive guides for **Managed Wallets**.
    - Advanced workflow documentation for the **Console**.
    - Detailed information regarding the **Chain SDK**.
- **Piyush’s Response and Plan**
    - Piyush accepted and added all three of the identified documentation items to his immediate priority list.
    - He formally requested that Tyler supply any additional relevant topics to ensure the documentation achieves complete and thorough coverage.
    - He made a positive reference to valuable past contributions from community members, noting successful guides on subjects such as stable-payment deployments and sandbox usage.
    - He committed to creating dedicated GitHub issues for each item to enhance visibility and streamline coordination efforts.

### Closing Notes

- Piyush officially confirmed that all critical updates scheduled for the meeting were successfully addressed and covered.
- He reiterated his encouragement for all participants to continue sharing any emerging issues, new ideas, and potential documentation topics via both Discord and GitHub.
- The meeting concluded with a mutual exchange of thanks and a clear acknowledgment of the agreed-upon next action items.

---

## Action Items

### Website and Blog

- The pending blog Pull Request submitted by George must be reviewed and subsequently merged into the main branch.
- The review and approval process for all community Pull Requests submitted during Hactoberfest must continue without delay.
- Verification is required to ensure the updated Twitter handle is correctly integrated across every user interface component.

### Student Ambassador Program

- Tyler is responsible for delivering the final textual copy and all necessary Figma assets to Dennis.
- Piyush is tasked with publishing the new Student Ambassador webpage **within twenty-four hours** of receiving the required materials.
- The published page must include the critical Call-to-Action for the Spring cohort applications.
- A dedicated GitHub issue must be created for the purpose of tracking this development task.

### Documentation

- New documentation must be added or existing documentation must be migrated and updated for the following subjects:
    - Managed Wallets
    - Chain SDK
    - Advanced workflows for the Console
- Tyler is assigned the task of sharing any further topic ideas for documentation expansion.
- Piyush will open corresponding GitHub issues and coordinate the involvement of community contributors for these documentation tasks.

### Community Coordination

- Efforts to maintain and update the GPU lead-generation forms must continue as an ongoing priority.
- Continued encouragement of community involvement through active use of GitHub and Discord is essential.


## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Piyush:** Hi everyone uh thank you for joining the world group website meeting of Akash network. In this meeting we cover everything related to the works that is done in the past few weeks and the recent updates on documentations and the ecosystem as a whole. So in this meet we'll cover a few things uh regarding the works that is going on on the website and we can track it directly via Twitter uh sorry GitHub. So it is 100% transparent. It's 100% open source. So if anyone is willing to contribute to the Kash network website or documentations feel free to create issues or participate in the issues uh participate in the discussions that is going on all in the pull request also you can ask any questions via work website discord channel. So feel free to join. So in the past week past two weeks we have some good updates uh related to the network. So one of the big update was uh mainet 14 upgrade. So recently akash network uh went into a very big upgrade u to mainet 14 uh which has been completely handled by the code team and if anyone is interested to go to aash.network/blog network/blog we can find what mainet 14 update means for the network. \
  \
 


### 00:01:36

  \
**Piyush:** Beside this we had some works uh in in um the UI updates including including uh the Twitter handle updates. So also Akash Akash network has upgraded its Twitter handle from Akashnet_ to only under Akashnet. So this has also been updated. Then we had some great contributions from the community members via Hectober fest. So we were receiving some good uh PRs from the community as a part of Hectober fest competition where we received more than 10 to 15 PRs over past four weeks. Uh and in past two weeks we had some good PRs from my uh army programmer uh scale and others. So and then we have a regular updates on the lead generations like we undergo regular updates on the GPU on demand uh lead generation forms which has been directed by the core team and the marketing team of Aash network. Also we have some open PRs from the community uh where we have some PRs and spelling mistakes. Uh some PRs are related to the DevOps uh experience and stuff. There is one PR that is related to the new blog additions from George. \
  \
 


### 00:03:18

  \
**Piyush:** Uh I have asked him that it has few bugs which I think he fixed. I'll review it very soon. the styler if you can also give it a small review to this blog and approve it so we can get this merged. So yeah also there is one blog that has been posted and it was selected by Adam. So this blog is written by Marisa Hudson and it showcase the work that the Akash community or the insider community is doing u as a part of insider groups and other community initiatives that are happening in the ecosystem. So that is all the updates that we have for past two weeks. As we saw like we have some good community contributions, good PRs from Hectober Fest which has been handled by Fenel. So he's definitely doing great job for the H Hectober fest. So that's all the update that we have for past two weeks. Now I'll give a chance to the community that is Tyler Dennis and Fenel. So we don't have much presence today. So if anyone of you wants to say something feel free to speak. \
  \
 


### 00:04:45

  \
**Piyush:** Yes. \
**Tyler Wright:** Uh yes. Um I haven't made an issue for this quite yet. Um but there is some urgency. Um it through the Akash insiders program and the Akash community. I think there's been a lot of talk about building out a student ambassador initiative on the community page. I think we want to make I've talked to Dennis about this and he's just waiting for copy. I think we just want to just add a student ambassadors kind of um subtab um so that people can apply to a student ambassadors program. There's a first wave um that is currently coming through um of of some student ambassadors from University of Princeton, University of uh Southern California, Cornell University and I think a couple of other schools. But the idea is to build this out across the entire world, you know. for students you know in university in India or you know um Nigeria or Germany you know we want to spin up kind of blockchain uh groups and student ambassadors to be able to give compute etc. So um I guess to that note I will follow up with um some like copy for Dennis but the hope is that we can have a page that goes live tomorrow. \
  \
 


### 00:06:04

  \
**Piyush:** It's something There's \
**Tyler Wright:** I know it's last minute. Um, but I was hoping that we could just basically copy a version of a page and just have like maybe a paragraph of copy and and a call to action to apply for the program for the spring cohort. And then we'll just add some images um and additional information later. So, I need to make an issue for this, but I just wanted to uh talk about it here and see if um there's any issue with delivering that like uh by tomorrow morning. \
**Piyush:** not supposed So \
**Tyler Wright:** I know it's late for you, later for you, Pier, so this might be something that I'll have for you have for Dennis by end of day and then maybe tomorrow before most of us on the east side uh or west side wake up be done. So, just want to put that out \
**Piyush:** yeah. Yeah. So this sounds good. So once the Figma is provided to me, uh I'll get it live as soon as possible. So yeah, I think we can target like if the Figma can be ready uh we can target 24 hours from now. \
  \
 


### 00:07:13

  \
**Piyush:** Uh from the development part uh I'll keep it quick. So yeah, Miss Tyler, you want to speak? Fine. I think uh yeah, thank you. \
**Tyler Wright:** Sorry, I was on mute. I'm good. That that sounds like a good turnaround time. \
**Piyush:** Yes. Um so yeah so we discussed a lot of things about what's been done and also the upcoming student ambassador program that is going on as a part of a kosh network initiative. So the next goal is to make a page life so students or anyone who is interested to be a part of student dem program can find it out and fill out the form to be a part of it. But I think this is going in a right direction starting with few universities and then ultimately scaling to the full scope. So yeah, you can Easy \
**Tyler Wright:** Sorry, one more topic. Um, I know that there is some items related to manage wallets and the console um that live in a wiki, but probably need to move or be added into documentation. Um, I think I talked about this previously, but if anybody from the community, I can create an issue for this, but I know some folks in the insiders and vanguards have talked about this. \
  \
 


### 00:08:39

  \
**Tyler Wright:** If anybody can populate that documentation so it's easier for people to find documentation examples around managed wallets and you know console like more advanced documentation I think that will go a long way for the community. \
**Piyush:** people. \
**Tyler Wright:** So I just want to put that out there as well. You can follow up with me if you have any questions and then um you know peers can help. But again just like better documentation in the doc site around manage wallets API chain SDK and console I think would go a long \
**Piyush:** Great. Sure. So, yeah. Uh I'll take a look at it and I'll keep uh it in sync. So, we have manage wallet uh chain SDK and the console, right? fine. I think uh that sounds good. So probably like when we meet uh next uh I'll make sure that we have uh the proper documentations around these topics. So I'm keeping them in my to-do list where we have manage wallet uh chain SDK and console also Tyler if uh you can just tell me whatever that comes to your mind in terms of the topics. \
  \
 


### 00:10:16

  \
**Piyush:** So I'll be on saying that this is our priority in terms of content. Uh so you can also uh share some content ideas. So I can also involve few community members in contributing to the content. So we have had a great like when I started this documentation program. So we had some great contributions from the community around few guides uh like for example stable payment deployments uh in the sandbox also we had like sandbox via console. So just uh share the ideas directly to me via discord and I'll keep things in sync in terms of content, blogs and documentations. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. And then um it'd be good to create some issues just for more visibility. \
**Piyush:** Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Thank you. Thank you. Um I think we have covered almost everything uh regarding today's meet. Um so if anyone is interested to discuss anything regarding website eosystem or documentations feel free to ping us on discord under work group website channel. So for today we can conclude the meeting. Thank you for joining and attending. See you soon in the next meet. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:11:49

