# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - August 14, 2025

## Agenda 
* Review of previously created issues, bounties, and their payout status
* Review of recent community suggestions from Zealy
* Discussion on documentation issues, website improvements, and needed reorganizations
* Review of technical issues, PRs, and bounty allocations
* Review of 404 link issues and cleanup tasks
* Token expiry issue affecting automated PR syncing
* Overview of recent merged PRs and website updates
* Discussion of community blog contributions and review workflows

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, August 14, 2025
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

* boldpanther
* Tyler Wright
* Denis Lelic
* Benjamin B
* Other Community members

## Meeting Notes 

### Review of Previous Issues & Bounty Status
* **boldpanther** shared the updated sheet tracking issues and bounty payouts.
* Three major issues resolved in the past three weeks were reviewed, including those completed by Finil and Ayush.
* **Tyler Wright** confirmed that pending bounty payouts for these issues have been completed.
* The Community and Zealy shared-cost bounty structure continues to operate smoothly.

### Community Suggestions from Zealy
* A major "find issues in the whole website" challenge generated strong community engagement.
* McKenzie’s suggestions included:
    * Reorganizing Akash documentation; requires deeper discussion and a dedicated issue.
    * Highlighting **Akash EDU** in the navbar; **Denis Lelic** to review and provide structured feedback.
    * Adding an AI assistant to documentation; to be discussed under the proposed docs reorganization issue.
    * Fixing empty FAQ sections; suggestion acknowledged and added to "under watch" items.
* Several suggestions require long-term alignment with core team members such as Adam Wozney.

### Technical Documentation Issue Identified by Programmer K
* **Programmer K** reported an outdated **CLI installation command** causing failures.
* Issue approved with a total bounty of **$140**.
* A PR has been created and is awaiting review by **Artur**.
* Once merged, bounty payout will be requested from the community pool.

### 404 Link Issues Reported by Jim
* **Jim** highlighted several 404 pages across the community and website repos.
* One outdated page will be removed completely.
* Broken links under client library and community sections will be fixed within 1–2 days.
* Jim to receive a **$20 bounty**.
* A general issue reported by another user lacked clarity; community encouraged to submit more actionable feedback.

### Token Expiry Affecting Repo Syncing
* Automatic PRs from community repo to website repo are failing due to an **expired token**.
* **boldpanther** will coordinate with Arul (core team) to restore token access.

### Recent PRs Merged & Site Updates
* New blogs, pricing updates, header improvements, forms, and event page updates have been **merged**.
* Updates done in collaboration with Adam and GQ factors team.

### Blog Contribution Discussion
* **Tyler Wright** raised the need for more **community-driven blog content**.
* AI tools reduce language-barrier, encouraging broader participation.
* Some blogs already drafted by Anil, one published (Provider Console Earnings API).
* Additional blogs will be pushed live once access permissions are granted.
* A formal **blog-submission guideline** will be created, including:
    * Topic proposal via **GitHub issues**
    * Review by **Tyler Wright**, **Denis Lelic**, and community reviewers
    * Technical accuracy checks
* **Benjamin B** warned that AI-written Zealy submissions historically lacked quality; strong safeguards needed.
* Community blogs must undergo proper vetting to prevent low-effort or incorrect content.

### Community Engagement Highlights
* Several previously inactive Zealy users participated for the first time in the website improvement task.
* Community appreciated **Benjamin B's** initiative to integrate Zealy missions with website contributions.
* Active collaboration between Zealy users and the Akash WG is growing.
* Clear bounty breakdowns (“Zealy vs. Community pool”) are being communicated transparently.

### Closing Remarks
* Team expressed appreciation for increased community participation and momentum around website issues.
* The working session successfully covered updates, open issues, and blog processes.
* Meeting concluded with thanks to all contributors and encouragement for continued involvement.

---

### Action Items 

* **boldpanther:**
    * Create dedicated issues for: Docs reorganization, Navbar highlight for Akash EDU, AI assistant integration, and Blog contribution guidelines.
    * Coordinate **token renewal** with Arul.
    * Push additional blogs live once access is granted.
    * Ensure accepted Zealy issues include clear bounty allocation comments.

* **Denis Lelic:**
    * Review and provide structured feedback on Akash EDU navbar suggestion.
    * Sync with Adam Wozney for alignment on documentation and navigation changes.

* **Tyler Wright:**
    * Review Fenel’s N8N blog and provide feedback.
    * Review future blog PRs with Denis and core team.
    * Support creation of blog structure guidelines.

* **Artur (Core Team):**
    * Review and merge **Programmer K’s CLI command fix PR**.

* **Community Members:**
    * Continue reporting issues with actionable details.
    * Propose blog topics before drafting full articles.


## Transcript
### 00:00:00

  \
**boldpanther:** Okay. Hello everyone. Uh so this is a work group website meeting of Akash network where we discuss all the issues and the community contributions coming to Akash network website from the insiders and the community. Today we'll go through the past issues and the community PRs that have been created including the bounties. So, we'll keep it quick. I'm just sharing my screen. Uh, is my screen visible? \
**Tyler Wright:** EF. \
**Benjamin B:** Yes. \
**boldpanther:** Okay. So, first uh I'll go uh to the sheet like we created some issues with the bounty and their status. So we have three issues that got resolved in past 3 weeks. Uh and those were the big issues I think we already discussed. This was assigned to Fenel and it was resolved with dollar in bounty with a request here. The status is unaware. So I just want to ask Tyler if uh this has been paid out. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes. \
**boldpanther:** Okay. And the other tools like uh that was created by Aush uh Aando. So he requested two bounties that got approved and he also resolved the issue. \
  \
 


### 00:01:32

  \
**boldpanther:** So uh are these also paid out? \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes, I believe so. \
**boldpanther:** Okay. So fine. So recently we created one great issues where we received some great comments from the community and that was regarding find the issues in the whole website and get rewarded with part uh part of the bounty will be is covered by Zeli and the part of it is covered by the community pool. So in this uh comment so we received one from Meckenzie uh he he suggests that we should reorganize the cash documentations as one of the problem that he found but I think this is something that needs more discussion. So dedicated issue will be created where the community and the core team members can comment and if everything is aligned we can proceed with the stepbystep improvements instead of going in one go. The second suggestion is about like highlighting the akash edu edu over the navbar. So this is something that I think we can discuss here. So Dennis uh you can share a feedback on this like how should be aligned on this problem. \
**Denis Lelic:** Yeah, I'll have a look and uh provide a detailed feedback in the comment section. \
  \
 


### 00:03:11

  \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh but we also have to check with Adam Wny to just to hear his thoughts. \
**boldpanther:** Mhm. For sure. So I'll just uh hit the dedicated PR or issue for this and then we can discuss inside that. And uh so one of the issue one of the suggestion was adding the AI assistant. This is also something I think we can discuss under the docs issue that will create so we can align on the things. And the last suggestion is about this page which highlights the FAQs but there are no FAQs inside a cost provider FAQs and guide. I think this is a good suggestions that we can improve either we can remove this page or else we can keep this page. So this will be kind of under watch. So I think there are few suggestions been suggested by McKenzie are good and some of requires very vast discussions if we proceed with the reorganization of talks. Now coming on to the second one this is from programmer K and this issue is really good because he spotted one of the technical command issu problem in the documentation which is regarding installations of of a CLI. \
  \
 


### 00:04:31

  \
**boldpanther:** So he reports that there's one outdated command which fails uh with uh with an example. So this issue was is uh approved by me uh and he will get the total bounty of $140 for$ dollar 20 for resolving the issue and $120 uh for spotting the issue. and he also created the PR and I think this the PR will be merged very soon when once it's been reviewed by Arthur from the core team and I'll share the dog with Tyler so once the PR is resolved or the merged uh he can request the payment in the community pool from the community pool uh now coming on to the next issues so there were some issues that were reported by Jim and he reports some 404 lanes which is quite good. So this is the page uh I think which is no longer maintained and it also not gets indexed or not getting highlighted in any one of the page but it's still there. So this page will be deleted. Now the second two issues are related to the two or three four or four links in the community repo. \
  \
 


### 00:05:49

  \
**boldpanther:** So since community repo is bridged with the website repo. So there are three links which are not working under work group client library and s community. So this is also been created as a separate issue and it will be resolved in next 1 to two days and he will also get dollar20 in bounty. uh dollar 10 will be covered by Zel and dollar 10 will be covered by community pool and this has already been the steps has already been communicated with the seam on how to claim the mounting now this is more of a general issue so um that we can just um it's good but like this is more of uh it's not highlighting what's the problem is instead it's saying that it's gluted and stuff like that So it's better if if he can highlight better problems with proper comments on what to resolve and what not to resolve. So this is all about this issue that's been created where we saved some good comments from the uh from the community and this is also highlighting some 404. So this I haven't reviewed this one yet but I'll I will review this after the meet. \
  \
 


### 00:07:08

  \
**boldpanther:** But this is also highlighting some 404 which is quite good. So if the issues are reflected on the actual website then this will also be approved for the bounty. So uh that's pretty much uh under this issue. Now coming on to one issue that I created recently is it's about token expiry in the community repo. Since the community repo is now bridged with the website repo. So website repo automatically pulls all the changes from the community repo. But recently I found that the community repo token has expired which is now so the automatic PR is now fail failing from the community repo to the website repo. So this is something that I'll communicate with uh Arul from the core team to get the access token and resolve this issue. And uh for last few days we have so we don't have much in the issues but like we do have some great PS that's been merged recently. It's mostly about addition of blogs uh pricing headers forms uh updates in the events page uh in communication with Adam and uh GQ factors and stuff like that. \
  \
 


### 00:08:37

  \
**boldpanther:** So this is all about what's what happened in past few weeks and now I would like to hand over the mic to Dennis to continue and um we can continue this discussion with the community. So Dennis Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** Hey, sorry. I don't know if it's me or is it uh on your end, but I I lost you for a couple of seconds there. \
**boldpanther:** So I'm saying like uh my discussions are over like we discussed about what's been resolved and what's uh been created new. So if you want to discuss anything else uh you can say about the Kosh website and then we can if not uh then we can continue with the community if they have uh anything to say for us. \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh yeah, Ty, please go ahead. \
**Tyler Wright:** Um yeah, I I guess the only thing that I wanted to bring up is um I know that there have been um and this is goes for air potatoes on the call as well. Um I know that previously um there has not been as much um blog contributions from outside of the Overclock Labs team. \
  \
 


### 00:10:09

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I think uh as we continue to evolve, we would like some more folks to get involved in contributing to blog writing. um believe uh Fennel wrote a blog um that's being reviewed and I think will be added to the um Akash network uh blog site, but if anybody has any other topics um that they want to discuss, especially with AI being its powerful, you know, I think language barrier shouldn't even be an issue anymore and anybody can write a um a strongly uh written uh blog post um about any topic. So, I just want to put that out there to the community. I believe Anneil um head of product for Overclock Labs has about four or five blogs that are kind of tuned up on a number of recent features um that have been developed and released um from Akos Consul. Um Push, have you been in contact with anybody from Overclock Labs about um making those blogs live and where that stands? And if not, then I can make sure that there's issues created and we take next steps there. \
  \
 


### 00:11:19

  \
**Tyler Wright:** But I just wanted to just talk about the blog in general. \
**boldpanther:** Mhm. So yeah uh so uh I'll add you on that. So I'm in contact with barrier and he shared few blogs that's been written by Anil recently and one of the blog that I already pushed live is provider console earnings API and he shared he will share more uh so I think there are six blocks but I right now I only have the access to the one block that I pushed and he will get me the access to the those very soon. So once the access is provided to me, I'll make sure that those blogs uh made live on the kosh website and in terms of the blogs from the community uh I think it's a good uh step forward that we can accept uh the blog uh from the community but before doing that it would be great like if we can create a issue with some guidelines on what type of blogs we can accept what should be the style And uh whom uh like uh they can be few viewers from the core team as well like uh Tyler one can be you and the other can be Dennis. \
  \
 


### 00:12:33

  \
**boldpanther:** So yeah I think that will be and I think it's a great step that we are now moving forward with the blogs from the community. So yeah that's all from my side. \
**Tyler Wright:** Awesome. Bet. I know you had your hand up. Go ahead. \
**Benjamin B:** Thank you, Tyler. I just wanted to share some personal experience from having bounties and missions on CE with written blog post in the past. Uh the quality of the articles that we have received to Celely when we have had missions like this are really bad. \
**boldpanther:** What's that? \
**Benjamin B:** Usually half to the between half and the entire article will be written entirely with AI and uh uh the information is not really correct either. So uh make sure to have some safeguards in places so you can reject articles. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes, I think that's a really good point. I think to that point, um I I think Pierers put uh said it perfectly. It would be great if there was a process where there was an issue created about what the blog is going to be or there should be a general um issue about what structure is. \
  \
 


### 00:13:51

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Maybe we should add that to the website um read me. But beyond that, there should be specific like like if somebody's going to write a blog, they should either come to this working group or have talked to people in a discord channel about what they're going to write a blog about before they just start writing a blog. And then from there once it's been discussed and it seems like it's approved then they should make a PR that not only I should review with Dennis community um can review to make sure it's technically sound um et \
**boldpanther:** Okay. \
**Tyler Wright:** etc. And I think that would be real uh value ad that the community can kind of collaborate \
**boldpanther:** Yep. Uh for sure. I'll make sure that um I'll I create an issue so community is aware of how to create a blog and uh how to proceed with it. But yeah, I think it's uh pretty clear on how to uh write a blog and we'll make sure that uh we do not accept uh loweffort blogs being pushed to the website in rush and have proper safeguards in place. \
  \
 


### 00:15:05

  \
**boldpanther:** But yeah, so right now title there's one blog I think I already assigned you to review it. It's from Fenel. It's about N8N. So if you can give it a review and approve it, uh it will be great. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yep. I I'm uh reviewing it and a couple other folks on the team are reviewing it. So, um that thank you for the reminder. I will try to make sure that there's feedback and any suggestions if any are needed by Friday, tomorrow. \
**boldpanther:** for sure. Fine. Uh, is there anyone else in the community who wants to speak about the issues or any features they wants to see on the website or anything? Uh feel free to uh feel free to hold feel free to take mic if you want to see. \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh I just want to thank you Push for um taking us through all the issues and all the work that's been done or is planning to be done. So nothing from my end. Um, it was a good call and I see there's a lot of traction and a lot of movement happening in the community and around this working group. \
  \
 


### 00:16:31

  \
**boldpanther:** Thanks, Dennis. Uh, Benjamin, you can continue. \
**Benjamin B:** Thank you. I just wanted to say that it's fun to see that u the recent issue that was advertised on Celely uh some CE users have only been doing like the missions and never gotten involved with the community. I see that at least two or three of these users are users that have just been inactive in the past. It's fun to see them actually contributing to this. \
**boldpanther:** Yep. Uh I also agree on that like uh the issue of suggestions for the improvement on website is really going well with the Zill program and really appreciate you Benzamin for coming forward to propose that the community initiative can be combined with Zill program to enhance the visibility and I think that's going really well. We have received like more than six comments from the Ziggly users. Two of them are already accepted, others are in review. So yeah and for your informations I'm commenting that whatever the issues that are accepted uh you can just u review the comments of mine on how much uh needs to be paid by Zill but I think it's pretty clear that X amount will be covered by Zill and the remaining will be covered by community. So yeah, thank you for that. Um, is there anyone else who wants to speak or ask any questions? Feel free to ask. Fine. I think uh that's pretty much for today. Uh we discussed all about what's been done in past few weeks. We also discussed about uh some uh possible contributions from community on the blog side. So for today it's pretty much we have covered everything. So we can conclude the meeting and I thank you all for coming in and sharing your views, sharing your feedback and for all your contributions. Uh for now we can conclude the meeting. Thank you. Have a good day. Bye-bye. Take care. \
**Tyler Wright:** Thank Thank you, Pierce. Thank you all. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:19:06
