# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - December 4th, 2025

## Agenda
- Review of recent work completed on the Akash website.
- Updates on ongoing website improvements and feature implementations.
- Overview of documentation revamp and contributor opportunities.
- Discussion on outdated website pages and issue management.
- Open discussion on improving contributor experience and participation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, December 04, 2025
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Piyush
- Tyler Wright
- Denis Lelic
- Other community members

## Meeting Notes

### Website Updates & Recent Work
- Piyush opened the session by outlining the purpose of the working group, focusing on current and upcoming changes to the Akash website.
- It was reiterated that the Akash website is fully open source and available on GitHub, encouraging community members to contribute.
- Piyush noted that there had been limited development activity in the past week due to ongoing internal changes within the team.
- A request from Greg led to the reimplementation of **light mode** across the website.
- Light mode has already been implemented on the homepage.
- Full site-wide light mode support is still in progress and currently under review by Denis.
- The group expects the light mode changes to be merged shortly once reviews are complete.

### Content & Community Initiatives
- Piyush shared an update on the newly published blog post announcing the **Akash Student Ambassador Program**.
- The program is currently running as a pilot initiative in the United States.
- Participating universities include Princeton, Cornell, University of Southern California, and UT Austin.
- Expansion to other regions and countries is expected after the pilot phase.
- This initiative is positioned as a new pathway for students to engage with and contribute to the Akash ecosystem.

### Documentation Revamp & Contributor Opportunities
- Piyush highlighted a major documentation overhaul being led by Zeke.
- The revamp focuses on:
  - End-to-end command testing
  - Content verification
  - Improved accuracy and usability of documentation
- Community insiders are invited to assist with testing the new documentation.
- Contributors who participate in testing may receive a bounty of one hundred dollars in AKT.
- Interested contributors are encouraged to respond in the Akash Discord insider channel.

### Community Feedback & Contribution Flow
- Tyler Wright acknowledged that the key updates had already been covered and expressed appreciation for the clarity.
- Piyush followed up with Tyler regarding previously raised concerns about missing or outdated documentation.
- Tyler explained that he prefers to wait until the documentation revamp is live before opening new feedback cycles.
- Tyler emphasized that documentation and website contributions are important entry points for new community members.
- He raised concerns about **outdated website pages**, including university-related content and legacy pages.
- Tyler questioned whether keeping outdated issues open could discourage or confuse new contributors.

### Issue Management & Cleanup Discussion
- Denis Lelic provided context on older website issues, noting that many are blocked due to outdated or missing copy.
- Denis explained that while design and development could be addressed, unclear content direction prevents progress.
- Pages discussed included:
  - Universities
  - Integrations
  - Startups
  - Testimonials
  - Development-focused pages
- Denis recommended closing these outdated issues for now, as the overall direction and design philosophy has evolved.
- He noted that these topics can be revisited later with updated specifications and clearer content strategy.
- Piyush agreed with the recommendation and committed to closing older issues.
- Piyush also noted that some pull requests remain open because contributors have not responded to feedback.
- A plan was agreed to follow up with contributors and close inactive pull requests if necessary.

### Closing Remarks
- Piyush summarized the main discussion points:
  - Website improvements including light mode
  - Student Ambassador Program launch
  - Documentation revamp and contributor incentives
  - Cleanup of outdated issues
- The group aligned on keeping the issue backlog clean, relevant, and contributor-friendly.
- Piyush encouraged all interested contributors to reach out via the Akash Discord for guidance and support.

## Action Items
- **Piyush**
  - Close outdated website issues related to universities, integrations, startups, testimonials, and development pages.
  - Follow up with contributors who have open pull requests awaiting feedback.
  - Coordinate final merge of light mode implementation.

- **Denis Lelic**
  - Continue reviewing light mode changes and support final rollout.
  - Reassess closed topics in the future once updated content direction is defined.

- **Tyler Wright**
  - Support post-launch feedback collection for the new documentation.
  - Continue advocating for clear, active issues that encourage new contributor participation.
 
## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Piyush:** Hello everyone. Uh this is a work group website meeting for Akash network where we discuss all the ongoing and upcoming changes on the kash website and documentations. So today first we'll cover uh some of the works that has done in past two weeks and also the work that is ongoing and the possible opportunity for the contributors and the insiders. So let me just share my screen just two minutes. So if if you are new and would like to locate uh the code uh base for the Akash website, you can go to github.com/acashnetwork/webite. Uh Akash website is 100% open source. So if anyone is interested or would like to contribute, feel free to do so. So for the past uh few weeks uh like the past week was u not much uh there was not much of work that is done on the k website due to some internal changes that is ongoing. So we had this one request from Greg himself to reimplement the light mode uh across all website which was removed uh from it a while ago but now it's implemented uh on homepage still it's not implemented it the work is ongoing probably we'll merge the changes max by tomorrow it's uh already under development and being reviewed by Dennis Now recently we pushed a blog related to Akash student ambassador program. \
  \
 


### 00:02:03

  \
**Piyush:** So if you don't know Akash network has launched this new initiative where uh anyone uh who is interested can become student ambass ambassador for a cash network. So right now it's a pilot program which is happening in the US and we already have few students from the top universities like Prince Princeton in University Cornell University of Southern California and UT Austin once uh once uh after the pilot there will be opportunity for the other uh countries as well. So this is one of the latest initiative that's happening in a kash and one more initiative that's happening is uh it's related to documentation. So if you don't know Z blocker is uh the core team member of the Kash is already working on the major revamp for the Kash documentations with proper tests across all commands of the text verifications the content verifications end to end. So if you are an insider and would like to be a part of this revamp uh feel free to u reply in uh a cash discord insider channel and there is a possible bounty of 100 USD in AKT for testing the commands in the new documentations. \
  \
 


### 00:03:37

  \
**Piyush:** So that's the update for the Akash website um in the past two weeks. Now if anyone of you here would like to ask any questions regarding all the discussions that we did recently or any topic that you would like to raise feel free to do so. So yes, anyone fine. I think uh yeah, Tyler. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, I was just going to say everything that I wanted to mention you already covered. So, really appreciate that. Um, yeah. \
**Piyush:** Okay, thank you. And uh uh so Tyler uh so as the last time you raised some uh issues regarding creations of new documentations uh I think that's still pending. So since the new revamp is already under progress. uh if you could just share me a list uh via Discord or any channel, I'll make sure to have those issued open issues open for the community or maybe like the code team to contribute. So that would be really that would really be appreciated if you could share. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, there the I I think I'm going to wait. Um the core team I think that documentation as you mentioned is being tested right now. \
  \
 


### 00:05:14

  \
**Tyler Wright:** um anybody else involved in testing that PR is available but I the goal is to make that documentation live um tomorrow or by Monday and then from there we'll start to get more feedback from the community. \
**Piyush:** Mhm. \
**Tyler Wright:** Um this is something from a contribution standpoint that we want more people to get involved with. So, we're um you know, as a core team um new teams, new individuals that join the community, we're trying to push to um help with the documentation, the website because it shows an interest and an understanding of the network that I think everyone needs. So, um just going to continue to push something. Actually, while I have the mic, um there are a number of other people um that are coming through either the student ambassador program or just new um community members that are looking for ways to contribute. And as I was looking through the website, there were a number of old pages like the university's page and some of these old pages. I'm not really sure if we should close these out right now because there was a number of people that wanted e either these pages are done or there's people that wanted to develop but they were waiting for us to move some. \
  \
 


### 00:06:24

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So I wonder if we should close some of these older tickets out and then either reopen them in future meetings when we have like a spec um or do you think we should just leave them for right now? \
**Piyush:** It's awesome. \
**Tyler Wright:** just want to see what the group thinks because I don't want people to be like, "Oh, I can solve this." Um, but then we don't have anything for them to solve at the time. And so, I don't want them to be deterred. I just want them to work. I want new community members to have a chance to work on website issues that are active, open, and needed. \
**Piyush:** Okay. So uh maybe Dennis uh you can speak about the past issues that you opened. So how should we proceed? Should we close them or maybe reopen them with the latest findings so the community can work on them? \
**Denis Lelic:** Yeah. Uh, thanks T and P. Um, just looking at the date here, it's like 2024 in December. Uh so it's been a while since this issue was posted and the only blocker here we have is uh copy basically um we can figure out the development and the design and everything else but until we figure out uh the content side I think we could just close it. \
  \
 


### 00:07:46

  \
**Denis Lelic:** I can discuss uh with some core team members um what can be done around uh topics of universities and uh as well the others of course but um I just don't have like a tangible um timeline when could this be done. So for now I think we can just close it and we can always revisit and I can uh put up a new uh new issue because anyway I feel the design and the content and the direction is a \
**Piyush:** Sure. \
**Denis Lelic:** bit outdated. Uh but we're going to have like some great changes in the in the native future. So those are going to be reflected uh there as well. Yeah, to make the answer answer short, let's close it. \
**Piyush:** Okay. Uh, yeah, sure. \
**Denis Lelic:** Sorry. \
**Piyush:** So I'll pro I'll just close all the 24 2024 issues for now. And for these uh I think the PRs are already there but the community like the authors are yet to respond to the feedback on the changes. So I'll follow up with them if they are going to do it otherwise we'll just close them up as well. \
**Denis Lelic:** Yeah, I I was talking mostly about the new pages. So, integrations, university, startups and uh improved development page. \
**Piyush:** Mhm. Mhm. \
**Denis Lelic:** So, all four of these that I've created, even like the testimonials because they're not there anymore. \
**Tyler Wright:** What happened? \
**Piyush:** Mhm. Sure. \
**Denis Lelic:** Yeah, that would be great. \
**Piyush:** Fine. \
**Denis Lelic:** Thanks, \
**Piyush:** Fine. I think uh that's pretty much uh we covered uh few stuff like the improvements in the documentations or the launch of student ambassador program and some contributions that are done on the Akash website. Lastly, if anyone of you are interested to contribute to the website and need any kind of help, feel free to ping us on Akash Discord channel. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:10:28

