
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Review/ discuss/ address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- Presentation from Praetor Team.
- Presentation from Events 2023 Working group.
- Open up to any other questions from the participants.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, February 23, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: **Coming Soon**
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Carlos Gomes Botelho
- Cheng Wang
- Décio Pinto
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- George Pro
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Julius Lattke
- Luca Fortes
- Max
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Robert
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Sergio Gomes Barbosa
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


# Notes

- Anil kicked off the meeting with remindind the group of the general agenda for Steering Committee
- Greg asked that the Cloudmos Funding Proposal be added as a topic of discussion from the meeting.
- Anil led the group through a high level summary of special interest groups and working groups. [More details from the discussion can be found here]
- Anil led the group through a the project list, states of projected, and priorities were discussed. No priorities needed adjusting from last steering committee meeeting. [More details from the discussion can be found here](#progress)
- Praetor presented a funding proposal for 2023. [More details from the discussion can be found here](#praetor-presentation)
- The group discussed the Cloudmos funding proposal, led by thoughts from Greg. It was agreed that the Cloudmos team should create more specific proposals with deliverables outlined around solving specific problems. There is no need to duplicate work being done by other developers either. [More details from the discussion can be found here](#discussion-of-cloudmos-proposal)

### Progress: 

- Anil mentioned all of the progress happenning. Anil highlighted sig-clients, and the demos from Spheron, the new updates from console, and new work for client libraries.
- There have been multiple work group that have been spun up, including GPU Working Groups.
- There was a first sig-chains meeting, and it was talked about a [network upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)
- There have been a couple of rounds of reviews of specs 
- Greg talked about progress being made on sig-economics. Members are putting models together for security.
- In the sig-providers meeting, there were some actions items around provider attribute spec. The group also talked about benchmarking for providers. Classes of provider are not clear, and adding more attributes may not be best for choosing a provider. 
- Anil asked how does the steering committee wants to tackle the work around provider benchmarking. 
- Greg said that if the work takes multiple people over a couple of weeks, than it should be a working group. If the task is very quick, 
- Adam recommended a working group to finalize a spec for benchmarking api. 


### Project List

- Anil updated the Project List after last meeting.
- The group went through the list of projects to update state. 
- Artur gave an update of on GPUs and his work with Akash API.
- Artur mentioned the work sig-chain is doing for the network upgrade. New parameters need to be introoduced for (https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/16) and [issue #18](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/18)
- We can not doing [Issue #20](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20) this network upgrade anymore. We have to fork, first then update this next network upgrade.
- Artur mentioned that Akash API is apart of the microservices switch. Instead of using multiple reposisitories, the API will handle things very efficiently. Providers Services API will be defined in this repo. 
- Work can be found at [Akash API](https://github.com/akash-network/akash-api)
- Client Libraries spec is ready. 
- Going to hold off on working on Authorize Spend spec right now. 
- Anil is continuing work on prov
- Adam gave an update on Akash EDU program.
- Sig Documentation needs to be thought out a bit more over time. 

### Praetor Presentation

- There are a number of key friction points for users trying to be providers on the Akash Network. Issues include no content modertation , no dashboards, no financial management, and other items.
- Praetor wants to bring Helm into their infrastructure. The upgrade path should be the same for all providers. Existing providers will be migrated to helm. New providers would be made using Helm charts. 
- Praetor also mentioned some miscellaneous features
- Asking for 50,000 akt in two trenches to be done over the next 5 months.
- Anil asked if the provider anaylytics api will be improved, and it will be open so everyone can use. 
- Praetor team will contribute work directly to the provider as well as with Praetor App.
- Anil asked if the Praetor team is still focusing energy on deploy tool. Jigar mentioned that 

### Discussion of Cloudmos Proposal

Discussion can be found [here](https://github.com/akash-network/community/discussions/85)
- There are milestones, but there are not specifics on what the deliverables are.
- There is a lot of duplicative work that Cloudmos is asking for funds for, that a sig or working group is already handling. 
- It would be better to break up the proposal into smaller parts with specific deliverables and how they will be tested.
- It would be great to add projects in Github, and then ask for specific funding for those items. 
- Max heard the feedback from the community, and understands that things look very broad. The hope was to have smaller portions of money over time. 
- Provider profile was provider attributes with a picture and other information about the provider. 
- Max will take the feedback and make smaller proposals to share with the community. 
- If there is a database, who manages the database? Is it public data?
- Greg mentioned that the community pool is not large. This is why the economics 2.0 is important, in order to add developer pools.
- If Max wants to create a proposal to open source the indexer, for the work they have done, and future work, then that would be a great next step. 
- Max and his team will think about it.
- **Max asked if there was a timeline for implementation of new Akash Economics 2.0.** Developers are needed, and Greg mentioned hoping to have a spec in March 2023. 
- Implementation could be two months after the spec is developed, and there will be akt behind it. GO Developer 

### Action Items

- Anil to create an issue to decide what needs to happen with provider benchmarking. Group can determine whether or not a working group needs to be formed. 
- Anil to create a working group for Economics 2.0
- Adam or Anil to move over spec for microservices into the public repository.
- Anil will merge PR from Luna after reviews from participants through 2023-03-04
- Jigar to add Praetor presentation as a discussion on Github.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to the second monthly steering committee before I pass it off to Anil. I'm going to quickly reflect on the previous meeting. Obviously, you can find the notes in Github under the committee steering. There was some action items that we took that took place out of the last year and committee meeting that you can see down below. Including again Anil reordering that project list which is to happen. There's been a new SIG design that's been created and there's been a couple of meetings that I've already happened there and a working group has come out of that as well as again, the Stereo Committee folder. So, here's some again, some of the action items that came out of last meeting. Um and we'll continue to track these as we go through the monthly meetings.

Tyler Wright:  So, without further ado, I'll pass it on to Anil to get us started with this month's steering committee.

Anil Murty: Thanks Adam. Hey everyone. So I'm gonna go and see my screen and we can just talk through some of the stuff.

Anil Murty:  Okay so yeah. So it the status said There's agenda here and I think last time we talked about you know in general what we want to be doing is at least these three things and every meeting we want to be discussing any progress we've made on the various work groups and cigs between the last meeting and now and talk about any sort of feedback in terms of how we have organized, the work groups in the CIGS, any issues or conflicts that are happening. And then we want to review the Projects list. See if there's any new projects that need to be added or existing projects need to be prioritized. And then, you know, any special topics from the participants, but I think which I think we have two topics for today. So that's kind of the overall agenda, any questions or thoughts before we get into these?

Anil Murty:  Do it right?

Greg Osuri: I would also like to add the cloud once funding proposal to the agenda to discuss today.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Sure. Sounds good. Alright, cool. So just starting off with the first item here.

Anil Murty:  In terms of the progress since the last steering committee, I feel like there's been a tremendous amount of progress. That's happened across the various things and were groups. So, some of the things that I noted down in my own notes, were, You know, we have had significant activity on the sick clients, which is probably the most user facing SIG that is that they're out there right now, In the last six line. Meeting, we actually saw good demo on presentation by a new team stayed on. And we also talked about console being generally available for people to use as well as open Sourcing Console and the Akash JavaScript Library.

Anil Murty:  So for those people that didn't attend, that specific client SIG, go look at the sick, clients meeting recording for that. There's a good demo from this, where on team and, and then, you know, take a look at Akash Dash console on discord. And one of the things that you've done is, we've created a list of open issues inside the console. Repository prioritize them, according to priority, and severity, depending on, whether they're a feature or a bug. And we've also tagged issues, there's I think four issues now that our tag does good first issues. So our intention here is to not be. The Overclock doesn't want to be the only one that develops and maintains a console going forward. It's an open source project. So we invite anybody that's interested in working on it. So good. Good, you know? See Client meeting progress.

Anil Murty:  Apart from that, there's been a multiple work groups, set up inspired for various things. So there is obviously the GPU a group that got spun up after the last senior committee meeting authors family, being leading that effort, a lot of good progress on that side as well. You know, author. If you want to add something else, feel free to jump in. But I think, you know, we're getting close to point where we'll be able to. After the next network, upgrade will be able to potentially open this up to a limited limited beta also starts.

Anil Murty: Speaking of network upgrades, we also had a first SIG chains meeting where we talked about, you know, the various issues related to anything that requires a chain upgrade. And what came out of that was essentially three or four issues that got prioritized for the next network upgrade. And and there is a issue that's been created the tracks, all of these things. So if you want more information on that or you're interested in helping out with one of those issues, definitely take a look at six chains recording and also take a look at the support issue list and take a look at the specification that's created for the next clinical trade. So tentatively right now. The next network upgrade is potentially going to happen. Sometime in March, we don't have a exact date yet, but that's kind of the general thinking and it's going to include two or three main big features.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Including migrating to the latest cosmosis DK. That's based on costs committee and changes to the provider. Units, as well as GPU units, as well as provide attributes to support GPUs. So those are the main two big things for that. Outside of that. We've had a couple of rounds of reviews on Prds as well as API specifications for the content. Moderation work. So, the hope is that by the next country content, moderation meeting, which hopefully should be in the next week or so, we should be done with specifications and we should be at a point where we should be able to start working on implementation of that. So that's kind of where content moderation is. Um, and I think there was one more what group that I was going to touch on I think.

Anil Murty:  Let's see who actually a SIG. So sick design has had a significant amount of activity. I actually was not super closely involved in that so Denis or Julius if you want to jump in and talk a little bit about Sikh design and what you guys have, not feel free to jump in right now. But you know, sit design had I think one meeting or maybe two, and it seems like you guys are getting a good cadence of work that you're starting to work on. That's kind of the updates. I had anybody else want to jump in here? Talk about any updates as well as you know, any feedback or grievances or conflicts around the CIGS in the work groups.

Greg Osuri: So your ultimate incredible progress with economics? Sick. Be positive proposal on a well, a early proposal draft as a very how it's linking. And we started collaborating with folks at David Shay you know, to help optimize the security budgets for the token. So have more incentives to allocate towards both development as well as.

Greg Osuri:  As well as the providers, right? So make good progress there. Because they're clear items. That, you know, individual folks have are working on. I mean, security. I believe David shares. This is putting a model together, and I'm putting the mathematical model behind it. So, this progress happening there as well.

Anil Murty: Yep. Yep. Sorry, I forgot about that. I thought it was before the last screen committee, but I think it was after, so thanks for bringing it up.

Anil Murty:  Cool other thoughts. I had one more thing I wanted to bring up which is not specifically an update but more sort of a little bit to line with the projects list but I want to see if there's any other people that have any thoughts or suggestions or inputs on the first bullet item here.

Tyler Wright: I just want to quickly call out some of the CIGS that are going to be happening next week and just make sure everyone is aware of the calendar. Greg just mentioned SIG economics and there will be a follow-up. The second monthly meeting will be happening next Wednesday, as well as six docs, which has been making a lot of progress. Thanks to Luna, Scott and others, that'll be happening. Next Tuesday, and obviously sick communities, and some other. So, if anybody needs access to the calendars, obviously easily, accessible vehicle and in Github, and then you can go to Discord to connect to any of the specific meetings that you want to be a part of

Anil Murty: Awesome. One of the thing I wanted to bring up here was in the SIG. Provider meeting this week. We actually took away a couple of action items. And basically what we took away from that was we need a couple of things to happen. We need obviously a better attribute spec for providers to implement. That's something that we have spun up our working group on and I'm working on a spec for, for that. but separate from that we also talked about Potentially the need for some sort of benchmarking for providers. So one of the challenges I was brought up on the SIG. Providers meeting was today, we have the idea of beta 1 beta to Beta 3 when it comes to storage and this, you know, first of all, is not super clear to people. What exactly these beta things mean?

00:10:00

Anil Murty:  And second, even if they were clear, it's not enough for people to be able to decide if a given provider is the one that they want to go with. And while we can continue to add more and more attributes to the list of attributes that are given provider exposes, it still doesn't provide the level of. I mean, it's it's a It's sort of a slippery slope as to how many you keep on adding in, it doesn't create for the best user experience. So one of the suggestions that came out of that was to look at potential, we have benchmarking providers and making that information available to tenants in the deploy. So the question I'm going to post to this team is, How do we want to handle that work? Do we want to Kind of Letters of Work Group, do you want to handle it? As potentially an issue in the support repository. Or do we just want to hold on it for now?

Greg Osuri: it's how many I mean that's that determines I guess they the different that governor will be The amount of work that needs to be done, right? So and how many people need to be involved? So general.com is like,…

Anil Murty:  Yes.

Greg Osuri: if it's multiple people involved over weeks of work coming, that should be working group. If it's an individual doing for one day, it should be a task.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah, I think are the challenge.

Adam Bozanich: I think.

Anil Murty: Sometimes is not knowing what the work is, unless you actually speak it out but Adam, did you want to say something?

Adam Bozanich:  I was gonna say I think it's worth like reviewing and a working group just to get a spec. So we all know what we're talking about. Yeah I know that you have a spec right now I don't know if that's final or or what. So maybe just a short working group for reviewing that and finalizing it.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so the the spec guy wrote was for the provider attributes. At least my understanding was in addition to that, we also want to Think about how we want to do benchmarking, which I look at a circuit thing from attributes.

Adam Bozanich: Why?

Anil Murty: So you yeah, so it's totally fine if you want to just combine them together and that works for me,

Anil Murty:  Is that kind of what you're thinking? Adam?

Adam Bozanich: Uh, yeah, that and also one for the benchmarking. I feel like if we get something, you know, detailed spec, then, you know, there are a lot of people that want to be involved in the project and maybe they can help. As it is now, it's Searched for somebody to just jump in and work on that.

Anil Murty: Okay, so we'll do a working group. This is any opposition to it. From anyone else? Going out.

Artur Troian: But yeah, maybe we should just have some sort of least on what needs to be done for the benchmarking. and from that that to decide whether it should be separate working group or we put that into something existing

Anil Murty: Okay. So start basically start with an issue maybe in the support repository, that just talks about what needs to happen and then decide if it's a working group or just deal with it in that support issue. Yeah. Okay.

Anil Murty:  Sounds good. Cool. That's all that. That I had on the first bullet point. I don't know, Denis or Julius? Do you want to jump in and talk about design? Like how's how's the seat design going? Any anything you want to bring up what discussing here?

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I was running a little bit late so I just joined like a second ago. So, sorry about that.

Anil Murty: Yeah, no worries. If you need it you need to do. We can talk about something else.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, please continue. And I'll jump in a little bit later.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Cool. Any other feedback? Regarding the six or the work groups is things working fine for most people. Any concerns issues things. We should change.

Anil Murty:  Okay, I'll take that as I know then. All right, so moving on to the second thing is the projects list. So after the last six, or the last training committee meeting, I went in and updated this table to reflect the priorities that we discussed last name and I think we pretty much stand in terms of the priorities, the way they are right now, I don't think anything has changed console generally repeats done. So that's kind of not at this point, we can change that state. So I'll update that

Anil Murty: Economics 2.0, I think it's a, it's still inspect definition. Unless Greg, you think it's? It's in. I don't think it's a new implementation yet, so we'll just leave that inspect definition for now.

00:15:00

Greg Osuri: yes, and expect definition so

Anil Murty: Okay. Should we be creating a work group for it? Explicitly. For. Okay. But we'll do…

Greg Osuri:  Yes.

Anil Murty: GPU support currently in implementation.

Artur Troian: Yeah just well a little bit of summary so the API changes that now living in the Akash API are pretty much done. I will be posting a couple Pr's into the Akash and the provider is the GPU implementations. It's not like fully complete…

Greg Osuri: It.

Artur Troian: because we still have to decide on the attributes, but the sufficient for us to start

Artur Troian:  since I just testing, and,

Artur Troian:  I hope that sometimes we going to,

Artur Troian:  You should not go great. If you talk about the Sikh chain, we have a few things going on. There. Number one is Filtering stem proposals. So that requires us to introduce new chain parameter that will require pretty much every proposal that being created to have a minimal deposits upon creation. If it doesn't have it just rejected and the second part is implementation of our presentation commission on for all over theaters. Once again we need to introduce a new parameter, we still use. A little bit behind on the cosmosis. Decay upstream.

Artur Troian:  And we don't. So the newer customer SDK has this parameter already said, but you cannot jump, it straightforward. So, we need to do some backboarding and once we do the back portion, we can be able to set this parameter and pretty much everybody dates or the created updated or exists on the network will be forced to set to use at least 5% commission. So there will be my great thing during the network of great. For that, all of the validators that this mission was less than five percent. There will be forced to five automatically Um yeah, that I think that's pretty much it.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Thanks Arthur. Yeah, so as I said, Is. You under support that's tracking all the work for the network. Upgrade. There are these three main issues within the support repository, that this will be addressing. But then outside of this, it will also be adding these resource units, and, and attributes for supporting the very first MVP of GPU on AKASH. SO, go another

Artur Troian: Yeah, just one motivation. So the migration to common with key. Um, yeah, we will have to remove the link. We will not be doing this time so there is a two-step process as we will be migrating to custom ck45.6 or 14. I believe it uses For, but common BFG. So we view apply the fork first. And with the following network of great, we will switch to committee once the My Guide to Custom Syndicate, for G6 points X.

Anil Murty: And this is the informal systems for great for tenement. Okay.

Artur Troian: Correct. Yeah. Yeah, the informal systems fork is what's been used by customer ck45.14 and we will be switching to obtain to that one on the next network of gray.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Sounds good.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I will find that issue. Is latest changes to what you actually doing there.

Anil Murty: Okay. Oh, the next one is provider services microservices refactor. The implementation for this started. Before we created the concept of communities at the start of this year. So this is technically any implementation, but we still need. So we have had internal spec in inside overclock labs for this. We need to move this to the external specs. So, Adam, when you get a chance, wait over, or let me know, and I can, I can do that.

Anil Murty:  good at

Artur Troian: Yeah, just on a different that the Akash API repo that we created. Recently is pretty much part of that. we will we moved from about definitions from not report to the Akash API, as well as manifest is not defined as the put above So that sort of separation into dedicated republic will allow us. Well, everyone in the community to create dedicated microservices for the provider services whenever it's necessary. So instead of using you know,

00:20:00

Artur Troian: Are multiple repositories like not linked to not linked to provider services. Etc. The API, all the stuff. It will be located over here. So for example, if there's a need to, let's say, make a clients on Python, right? Which is gonna have generated stops for the iPhone in the triple or one can generate itself. You're gonna extend the committee, how to do that. And for example they can interact with a provider services and pretty much the provider services API. What we have in the rest right now will be defined in this group as well, but a little bit later.

Anil Murty: If anybody is curious where this stuff is, it's under Akash Network, Slash Akash DASH API. And as Artur mentioned, that a high-level, it basically takes the API. Definitions that used to sit inside two separate repositories inside, node, and provider services, and unifies them under this single repository here. So,

Artur Troian: Yeah, there's a like it's a bit lucky on documentation right now. So once I finalize all of the updates into the protobuf I will put As much do presentation, as they need to explain. Why we need that and how it works and how you can use it on examples this for example, more Android services.

Anil Murty: I'm good.

Anil Murty:  And I guess the other action here is to get the spec that we have had internally into the public repository.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah we've done you've done the forecl. So provider services was the first step and Adam right now is, you know, working on different parts of that because like what was probably five or six steps process. So we finished stage two. There's still one way to go over there.

Anil Murty: Okay, right. Moving on to the next one. Here content. Moderation already talked about this. But essentially, there is a, there's a spec that is or there's, you know, a PRD in two specs for content moderation. That are in review. So if you go here, and, Looking group for conversation. This two of these API specs and a PRD. Our hope is to close these out, close out the reviews for these by the next meeting and then we can move to implementation on this.

Anil Murty:  Anything else anyone wants to add on content? Moderation.

Anil Murty:  I guess the one other thing is, I don't know if Andrew Mellow is on the school. Probably not. But I've heard that Andrew Melo, has some kind of an implementation for content moderation. It'll be good for us to try to get him to start participating in this as well.

Anil Murty:  Alright, cool. The next one here is client libraries. I believe the very first spec of this is Is ready. Let me just take a look at really quickly.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, so the very draft pick of this is here. Do you want to provide any updates in this Luna or Kindle comments?

Greg Osuri: Luna said He's a boarding a plane.

Anil Murty:  Oh, okay, fine.

Greg Osuri:  The virgin 1.1 of specs is still on PR just to be merged.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Great. yep, see that

Anil Murty: So, yeah, if there's people that want to review that I've reviewed it, I've given my comments, if anybody else wants to review it to please do. So in the next few days, I'll look at any reviews that come through the end of this week and…

Greg Osuri:  Okay.

Anil Murty: then we can just merge the latest version of that.

Greg Osuri: I want to review.

Anil Murty:  The next one is console. Authorized spend. I don't expect for this a while back. We're not actively working on this. Yet there's a pretty detailed spec for what we want. But you know basically the approach we're gonna take with this is we're going to try to get some community contributions on slightly, simpler tasks, with console first. And then if we can, you know, if we can get some good contributors to that we might look at doing something more complex like this with the community contribution. Unless of course, you know, there's somebody that has extensive experience and wants to jump into this right now.

00:25:00

Anil Murty:  So for now this is kind of folding, the spec is done, unless anybody has any questions or comments on it? You can take a look at the spec. Let me know if you have any comments or questions but, you know, we're going to hold off on this until, you know, we have console out there resort some of the existing issues and maybe get a few more community contributors to be part of console development.

Anil Murty:  The next one's provider attributes. I'm working on a spec for this. Like I said, no significant updates from me on this. I'm going to keep working on it. One part of it is I want to get inputs from Adam and author on this. In both them are quite busy with other things right now. So I don't want to bug them too much. but I'm going to keep working on this and I'm going to add the, I'm gonna add an issue for The benchmarking stuff. And then we can decide if that becomes part of this working group, or it's a separate working group. Once you create that issue.

Greg Osuri: That's good.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Certification Program. I actually have no idea what's going on with this one. I'm hoping that Adam, Wozney. If you're on the call, maybe you can give us an update.

Adam Wozney: The platform on Netflix.

Carlos Gomes Botelho: Right. He? and, He? oh,

Adam Wozney: Know what's going on here?

Carlos Gomes Botelho: How much?

Adam Wozney: Wait a second.

Anil Murty: I think I took care of that.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Okay, that's interesting. Um so yeah so just had a call insiders call right before this were sisla, from Omniflex gave an update on Akash Edu. We're about ready to go live where we can introduce and invite the about a hundred or so folks that have applied to the program to join. So I would think within the next week or so, this will be live and open to the public. But I'm yeah, we're pretty pretty much ready to go on that.

Anil Murty: Awesome.

Anil Murty:  Cool. So I guess you have. You have like a Folder or something under this. That's been updated. You see, the education has all the updates for it or

Adam Wozney: So, I don't think we've actually held our first education SIG meeting. This is akashi to,…

Anil Murty:  okay.

Adam Wozney: you is kind of was before we kind of launched six and working groups. But this will be something that will include in it. So yeah.

Anil Murty: Okay. Yep. Might be good to do that and get some updates for people that want to look at it or participate in it.

Anil Murty:  Cool. I don't think we have any work that started on the dockside. Migration, I know. Luna has been working on a spec for the new potential new or how we can structure the oxide.

Greg Osuri: If?

Anil Murty:  Okay. What's going on here? Okay. You know what's going on?

Greg Osuri:  We're going to have to do a better job with content moderate. Meeting moderation, right?

Anil Murty: Yeah. Quoted mortgage on this on this car. Yeah, we'll look into that. Yeah, so outside of the spec that Luna has for the new dockside suggested like layout for it, I don't think there's any other work that's been going on on this. So And…

Greg Osuri: Now that I did some work on it obviously.

Anil Murty: then there's

Greg Osuri: I mean, I wrote some scripts, We haven't touched that not since last no updates since last but I,

Greg Osuri:  while I was, you know, looking at the existing docs website, those enormous amount of content I thought was not relevant, and You know, it required a whole new outlook on how we looking at. Structure and idea and whatnot. So, Can someone remove this person please? Thank you.

Anil Murty: I'm just going to remove the person you. Should you?

Greg Osuri:  This person is a bombing or spamming.

Anil Murty:  I think they're gone.

Greg Osuri:  I think it's the same person that's been there before.

Anil Murty:  Yeah. I moved another person before there was also making noise. Okay.

Greg Osuri:  I would imagine, I think the same person. Like with different identities. You got to find a solution to this spam problem.

00:30:00

Greg Osuri:  um,

Greg Osuri:  okay, so yeah, there hasn't been significant but I think what I would propose is a complete Restructure of the docs and lots of a lot more. Similar lot more simplification and we also incorporate the technical docs. I believe Adam has been

Greg Osuri:  his dream taking a look at it. from the On how Akash works architecture. Standpoint at a high level, right? So,

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think the results. So

Anil Murty:  There was like a pull request from Luna is gonna bring it up but yeah, we can take a look at that as well.

Greg Osuri: Great.

Anil Murty: Um cool. I don't think we need to go into any of these other ones. I guess the main question to ask is Is there any other projects that are being worked on or need to be worked on that? We need to create an entry for in the stable. And is there, anybody that doesn't agree with the priorities talked about him on this list right now.

Greg Osuri: Very good. I mean,…

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Greg Osuri: I'm good for myself.

Anil Murty:  Sounds good.

Greg Osuri:  Great. There's nothing else. I would like to discuss Carlos proposal.

Anil Murty: Oh yeah, I think Plato also had a presentation that they wanted to do. So you have to that first.

Greg Osuri:  Governor. Discovered.

Anil Murty: Very cool. Jigar, you want to take it away. I'll stop sharing my screen so you can take it away.

Jigar Patel: Sure. Thanks. Let me just share my screen.

Jigar Patel:  I think I don't have a permission to say, can you?

Anil Murty: I think it's a title meeting so Tyler, you know, you might have to it.

Anil Murty:  I'm just going to see if I can add you as a ghost and that that might fix it works. Now.

Jigar Patel: Okay, now I can do that. Yeah. Yeah, it works. Yeah. just,

Greg Osuri: Here.

Jigar Patel:  Let me know when you can see the screen.

Anil Murty: Here.

Jigar Patel:  Awesome. So so basically current provider faces, like several challenges, no country moderation, or no, lease or financial dashboard to see it, no idea of great part, right? So we would like to address these issues and several solutions are being proposed right now. Grooming implementing a management API for content. Moderation, creating lease, and financial dashboard upgrading to him for operator, providers and adding additional feature for existing providers. So one of the significant problems provided faces lack of under moderation, which can lead to low-level trust and for user experience.

Jigar Patel:  I'll be proposed implementing your management API and in across border service and operator to address this issue by implementing of management repairing our customer service, we we can provide a better control over the leases on the platform. The API will enable providers to manage this more effectively and ensure the only moderated content can be hosted on their provider. Now, we also proposed to implement the same APIs interpreter as well. So on this will give the crop prego address. More control over the content they host on on their provider, with the ease of use

Jigar Patel:  Or implementing a Moderation. API can also be challenging for some providers. So we also propose to help providers implement, the Moderation API. So there's like two APIs that we talk about management and moderation into our cost border services and this will answer our products can use this API effectively and efficiently to. Like if you take one to host only certain images based leases or certain words they can ban

Jigar Patel:  Next issue, we wanted to address is the least dashboard on a crypto platform. Currently there is no list ask for and making very, very difficult for providers to manage this effectively to address this issue. We proposing preventing on this as well. So all the current and past this is on the task board. This will also make it easier for why to to track statuses of their lease is and ensure they provide like these services for leaseholders. Secondly, we will allow providers to close lazy and choose not to host is from certain wallets. Content, moderation and this will give more control for to provider to over the leases and enabling them to close no longer profitable or viable disease or deny hosting specific water leases as well.

00:35:00

Jigar Patel:  Next, we also like to introduce financial dashboard into operator, and this will have a server feature. I have been provided to manage their finance more effectively first we propose so comprehensive finance on the provider side. The financial dashboard will also so current month and upcoming projection based on the leases, they hold every month. This will enabled providers to make better decision and plan their business more effectively. So, right now, we have like about 50 providers. Like, let's say when we scale up and we have like 100 hundred fifty right, there will be a business business.

Jigar Patel:  Companies, who bring their the service into the akas so they can see the projections. They can make a better decision on their side of as well. Are in addition to that, we will also so historically financial data as well. So based on that, they can see, okay? Not performing very well, they can remove certain servers. I've SST is in more demand, or nvme is more advant. You can put more nvme and make a better decision on how to scale up or scale down there infrastructure.

Jigar Patel:  To extracting process. These data, we propose to use airflow and this will ensure the financial address very like process, if efficiently and store securely and access to access by our providers. Also, this data can be how you spell like Luna for API process as well alternative. We can also use Carlos Index API as well. our next thing we wanted to

Jigar Patel:  Fix, or we want to do introduces, how into treasure basically. Because when we started working on, Their provider build a hair was on a beta, right? So we went on the classical path right now. What's happening is Traders providers are on the they don't get like enough support because we our team is very small. So what would want to what we wanted to do is we wanted to bring our providers and all the new providers into the

Jigar Patel:  Same upgrade path. What a cash flow akas is like is doing right now, right? So with moving to home, our existing non-trader provider, will also have Twitter from society, so this will be very big so now not only predator providers or Non-provers also can upgrade their providers change the pricing and many more things they can do. and, It obviously will use the health process for ensuring the new providers, and we'll all also upgrade the existing providers to home.

Jigar Patel:  And in addition to upgrading the approximal to ham operate from insider and vanguard program, this will be the big for like, supporting entire community because now because it's a same process as followed by operator and a cash, anybody can give the support right and they really like the support from both community. In addition to cool feature, that we have discussed, we are proposing to prevent some missed features to improve order experience to provider on our cast network as well. First, we will be integrating moderation API. Now, this will be other than the least dashboard. This will now you can ban certain images

Jigar Patel:  For lazy. So the quotation API that we're going to work will be based on the image paste. Banning. So now you cannot host certain images on the providers, so will allow them to add those images into into the dashboard every Basically, every providers on the network, will able to use this feature. Currently only the processor is a, like, active on on one's, they create the provider. So we wanted to Give this functionality where they can. Once they build and provider, they can come in again. And if they want to add more storage, they want to add percent storage later on. It's not possible right now. So we want to add that feature as well.

00:40:00

Jigar Patel:  And moreover like we have created across First Issue video program and like to continue with the education part that we have started will support existing EDU program, participants and work with ADAM to create a new curriculums to educate our community better. and, Just to summarize, we have proposed solutions to several current problems that provider face. This includes the bread bar to ham, which will help provider A provide, the latest feature and upgrades and give better insider support will implement content. Moderation API in Argosporary service and Twitter to ensure network is responsibility and appropriately.

Jigar Patel:  For the more we will provide at least dashboard allowing provider to view all the current and parsleys closely is, and choose not to host a lease from a wallet or or certain images. Additionally, we offer, we offer a financial support to financial dashboard to provide to provide us with the real-time financial data. And this financial data will be process and store like the causes like airflow or index like Ramos. We will also plan to add missionaries feature integrating models in API and our personal storage for existing providers. Any that using the dashboard and,

Jigar Patel:  oh, we're asking for funding of 50,000 US dollar, but the next month in the two changes, actually, to implement the solutions, we have our timeline for each solution and we were very hard to implement very quickly and efficiently. This suppose proposal services significantly improve our cash flow and provide a better user experience. For our providers.

Adam Bozanich: That's great. Thanks so much to go.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, thank you so much. Jigar.

Jigar Patel:  Thanks.

Anil Murty: was wondering was The, I don't know. So you were part of the discussion, we had It's again erratics talking about the various types of analytics model collect Wright including providers. Do you think that your proposal would cover the ones that are in the provider portion of that?

Jigar Patel: Oh yes. Actually like I actually forgot to add that in here as well as as you know that we also have like provided Analytics API that Luna uses, right? So will enhance that API and will be will making it open so everybody can use it.

Anil Murty: Awesome. And then, as far as the content moderation and Management. APIs, go. I am not 100% sure but is their work that needs to happen in the core provider itself, not specifically predator. And will you will you be contributing or…

Jigar Patel: Yes.

Anil Murty: video team be contributing to that? Or is that something that would be handled by somebody else?

Jigar Patel:  No. So that's what we are keen to contribute on both moderation and management API in provider service in Core and also like once that's ready. We want to implement that into better as well. Input.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Let's awesome. Really. And then I guess last question is in this sort of like historical, but at some point you were thinking about doing something on the client side, meaning client like deployment client side. Is that still in your plans or you really focused on the provider trying?

00:45:00

Jigar Patel:  Are right now. We are only focusing on provider side because I think that's where like we parted our strategy because if you like if you'll go into like two directions I think will be less focused on both products. So we want to leave that aside right now and focus on providers.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Yeah. 100% agree with you great. Thanks so much.

Jigar Patel:  Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Anil I guess is the next action item. Is it possible for Jigar to make this presentation available in discussions? And then we look to figure out next steps from there. Okay. Cool,…

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think so.

Greg Osuri: It.

Tyler Wright: I'll add it as an action item.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know we have all about 10 minutes left and I know we have a couple of things. I know Adam wanted to speak about events. I asked if Adam could move that conversation to a discussion with the proposal that the working group events has done and then we can have discussion about it and kind of work through what the next steps are async. So we can take the last nine minutes at this point to discuss the cloud most proposal.

Anil Murty:  Sounds good to me.

Tyler Wright:  Cool.

Greg Osuri: Yes, you

Greg Osuri:  cool. Consumer maximum in the room. But thank you so much for the proposal. The club moss is extremely important. Part of the akashico system, it is the first and most widely used. Client, and we thank. Max and his team for incredible effort and love to support them in every possible way. But I do think there are missing gaps especially in this proposal that I would like to be interested before we can, you know, the Overbox that support and my support as well. Personally, the important thing for funding is essentially, we need

Greg Osuri:  We need to be absolutely sure there's no duplication of efforts when it comes to what we're finding right? And people can independently duplicate efforts. If they see, they can do a better job, but I think, as a community we have to agree on consolidating and organizing and not duplicating our efforts. So number two, We want to ensure there's no individual entity, that's capturing value, but rather creating something that can be shared across ecosystem. So in that way, the proposal is grand is a lot. It's a lot and back here. And there is quite a lot of, and the time for this proposal is to implement about 12 months.

Greg Osuri:  And the milestones. And I know you talked about quite a lot here. The milestones you don't really get into What the actual deliverable is going to be? How the deliverable will be validated. And how much of funding is going to for what developers. Right? So instead of having this big block of three thousand dollars, which is what we had 30% of the community pool, what will be ideal is is individual smaller projects and clear deliverables and clear validation criteria for those deliverables. and then, And, you know, estimated, you know, time and and money that is required for the developers. Something that stood out at a first glance is well, there is a proposal to do

Greg Osuri:  Reputation system for example but no Arctic providers. Is working on a reputation systems In this proposal. There is some sort of a need for standardizing attributes. That's that's already happening, right? There's a quite a lot of

Greg Osuri:  You know. I don't know what odds, Zee manager to enable faucet means, right? I don't know what pro provider profiles mean. I assume there's some sort of a standardization for attributes, right? so, there's not there's a lot of details that should be addressed in order to to ask for for money, especially from public funds, right? As you can tell, a lot of the and so, instead of having a big block, I would say if you're planning to do

00:50:00

Greg Osuri:  Oddsi for for faucet. That's right. A little project there. Let's put the project in in the in the Projects list under the, You know, in this in this repository And estimate how much a project is on track, right? Right. Expect for the project and put a proposal to get that project funded happy to support it. So I'd like to see.

Greg Osuri:  That level of granularity in order to fund and instead of a gigantic give me money for 12 months and you'll get all these things. Is that fair?

Max: Hey Greg. Yeah, I mean we've received some very Sunday valuable feedback and thanks to you for getting your feedback on it. And rightfully, so things. Look a bit. too broad in the in the proposal and of course, we like in the problems and solutions, I think everyone agrees about about them and everyone's like working towards these goals and like some of the projects are overlapping with let's say prayers working on the providers and stuff. And when I wrote this proposal, I'm not aware about like everything that everyone is doing necessary. So and we we have kind of the technology to achieve this. Fairly easily. So,

Max:  And it's something that would be integrated in our platform also. So it just made sense and that we proposed it. And and for the provided provider proof house, What we had in mind is not something maybe entirely on chain like the provider attributes. Although it would be a mix of like the attributes and like an external database where providers and like create their profile in like uploaded picture and provide more information. That I guess could also be with attributes. It's just with attributes and feels like it takes a lot more effort to achieve something. Standardized. Kind of, but yeah, our our goal is to take that feedback from everyone and

Max:  Of course, make a more fine grain or like smaller proposals. and, You know, go with that instead of like when we were proposing was like, Okay, we have all these projects that we want to do and we would like to dedicate like full full-time for for a year to make a cash with the everyone is in the. What's it? What everyone is vision, envisioning of what it can become. And but yeah, of course that

Max:  That approach is a bit harder to approve and I agree because it's like, are they, are they going to actually do it? Or are they going to not do it? And when the amount that we propose, we're aware that it wouldn't make sense necessarily to fund it. Like all up front and kind of drain the community pool, because it's not that big we're open to like smaller Portions over time that picks with like milestones and stuff. So These are my top.

Greg Osuri:  And to act yet, as I in this time, I want to add You think I know you're capable of doing it because it's clearly seen your work. I don't think there's a question about you doing. It might concern would be You know overlap of efforts, right? So period of teams working a lot of provider stuff and and second point you brought up, like it's a separate database like okay. Now the big questions who maintenance to database because every time you have Data captured. The data should be public data, right? So a lot of questions around like, Okay, if you're doing a database is a backup, a public, is the sequels of public, you know, can anybody, you know, Whatever. Even since the database, there's a lot of these questions.

Greg Osuri: That, you know,…

Max: You.

Greg Osuri: need to be addressed. That's why we have a student committee. That's why we have this open public discussions to ensure that we can coordinate better, right? And so I would highly recommend you join the groups, the public groups you have for providers because it's quite a lot of overlap in what you're thinking, and and let's like, the saying, says, right? We posted on a blog. Like We Can Go Faster. By yourself, but we can go further if we go together, right? So I want us to go further all of us together.

00:55:00

Greg Osuri:  And that's the goal of this. And on in on the second point about the pool being too small. Yes. That's a problem community pools. Very, very small. That's why we propose a public good school as part of the new economics, right? So we want to move really fast with economics implementation. This will be significantly larger than the community pool which can you know which can fund a lot a lot more proposals, right? We're not even talk about 300,000. You talking about millions in dollars of funding for development actually, right? So what we're doing that, we want to be very mindful about community pool and really incentivize community activities more than development activities and have an exclusive development pool. That will be that we that's designed to to fund public goods. Deval, we had a question.

Deval Patel: Yeah, I would like to add on that public data or the indexer API. What Max are building, right? If we can utilize that database or like we have our own database like we are storing some of the data for pro like you know providers profiling or provided attributes and stuff like that provided analytics point of view and if we can utilize some of the database like what Max is talking about and that would be nice at any discounted rate like we are. Okay as a business to business, we are okay to pay for it if he's making it for monetization, right? If it's a public money and if he's making then like we would like to use that as a cross community polarization.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, there's another good point like, okay, Max wants open source, the indexer. I mean Cloud one. Should get paid for it obviously, because they put a lot of work, but it was going to be a business deal, you know? Of course, community won't pay for it. It'll be a business operation. So Max if you want to like open source indexer and you want to put a proposal to fund that indexer work so far and the work going forward. and I think that would be great things we can support and you can work with you and like You know and merge. Those efforts part of the SIG analytics. There's a PRD there. And ensure that we already can be addressed, right? And then and the indexer will become part of the akash. Public repo Every project that gets funded by the community should be available to the community and managed by the AKASHA Network Report repository. Of the organization in general.

Max: Yeah, makes sense. Well we'll think about it to see how we want to tackle this and if it makes sense. For us. But yeah, I'm developing we can talk in the end and see what we can do. But yeah, we we pay for the database that we host the data on and Of course, if it's funded by the community makes sense that it's open source and available for for everyone. Yeah, we'll see. You when we wanted to, I'm not sure.

Greg Osuri: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: I know.

Greg Osuri: That's all I wanted. You know what else, one color or anything. Before we sign up?

Anil Murty: No, I think we pretty much at all the topics.

Max: All the question and Greg in about the economics. And you mentioned several times about the developer fund. In place or being worked on, is there like a timeline for this? What do you?

Greg Osuri:  Joins the economics. I mean beer. You're all working together to just establish a timeline. We definitely need a developer to implement it. We have a few proposals from Q developers, but You know, the next step. I'm hoping to have a spec by mid-March You know, that can be well done. It's a lot of lot of math, obviously needed for For mentioned, educator and whatnot.

Greg Osuri: And so, if me the Technical aspect of implementation is not that hard.

Max: It.

Greg Osuri: It's literally just taking a portion of the the the pool and distributed, all these poles US and the span will be similar, but design the governance and how You know, different types of proposals that we need to put like, you know, like like provider like Sorry Public Goods fund. Will have a, you know, proposal type of sort of thing. So there's a little nuance in terms of spec the we need to implement but From a timeline, you have to put in optimistic line to it. I think we'll have a spec in a month and then and then implementation could be two months provided as a developer that's willing to pick it up and run with it. And of course, there's a paid gig. So there's another option for people to To contribute to a caution and so very clear like clean project and it doesn't. It's not as complicated as any of the other stuff like GP, So what not? So,

01:00:00

Greg Osuri:  and so optimistically, I would say three months,

Max: Okay. Thanks and what's your plan? If that doesn't work out. Or like, it takes a more than three months or six months or

Greg Osuri: No way wait for six months to finish that I don't think there's a plan B. To I mean,…

Max:  oh yeah.

Greg Osuri: it's only as fast as we can find developer. So it's in all of it, all are interest to go. Find a developer. They can implement, I will have a spec within a month that I don't think there's a There's a There's anything that's preventing me from having a spec only thing that could delay is an implementation, right? So, If you know any goods they can do it.

Max: Hmm. All right.

Greg Osuri: You know.

Max: Sounds good. Thank you.

Greg Osuri:  Awesome. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Or I know we're a little bit over time. Thank you all for saying a little bit longer, there's no more questions. And again,…

Greg Osuri: and,

Tyler Wright: we can continue any discussions in Github and also in discord and again, meeting notes in the meeting recording will be, made available for this and all the other meetings. Be a good be a github. Anyone else have any other comments before let you all go?

Cheng Wang: That we'll put it into a different format within discussions on GitHub and we can have asynchronous discussions and…

Greg Osuri: You do it real quick.

Cheng Wang: carry it forward. If you want to do real quick,…

Greg Osuri: Can you do that? Five minutes, Adam.

Cheng Wang: we can do as well. Happy to stay Adam.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: Ah, honestly, it's so there's three separate kind of proposals going on here. One is 2023 akash events. One is SIG and working group, note taker proposal, just budget for people taking notes within those calls. And then one is a nakash HACKATHON which has its own budget, it's gonna be longer than five minutes for those things.

Greg Osuri: Okay, okay. All right, let's let's review like with you know is only forms person forums Nothing should be private and I will give my feedback asynchronously on the forums and let's let's do this for more discussion and then next SIG presentation. Make sure that we add this in the agenda and we keep it more tight because you move fast. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: All right, great. Well again, oh, go ahead, Boz.

Boz Menzalji: Oh, sorry wrong.

Tyler Wright: Now, you're good. All right, if there's nothing else. Then again, everybody enjoy the rest of the day. Let us know if you need anything online and discord. Thank you.

Greg Osuri: Think yes.

Jigar Patel: Alright, thanks guys.

Adam Bozanich: Think so.

Meeting ended after 01:03:54 👋

