

# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- Presentation from Cheng on wg-stable-payments.
- Discussion of updated edits to [Cloudmos Funding Proposal Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/85#discussioncomment-5396318)
- Open up to any other questions from the participants.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, March 28, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://hnikzwcoj3nzztkcpgmllozmwxt5wl62h7cswhzzylm7ozoiy4za.arweave.net/O1Cs2E5O25zNQnmYtbsstefbL9o_xSsfOcLZ92XIxzI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Addo Smajic
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- George Pro
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Max
- Pablo Estrada
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Anil kicked off by talking about the Agenda. Anil asked if anyone has anything to add to the meetng agenda.
- Anil asked if anyone has any feedback about the Akash Community process.
- Anil would like folks to look into the remaining open pull requests. Stale pull requests should be closed.
- Cheng gave a short presentation on Stable Payments.
- Economics 2.0 is such a large topic. Breaking down.
- The next item on the agenda was the Cloudmos Funding Proposal.

### Progress of Projects

- Anil will remove Console-GA from project list. It is done. More discussions will happen during sig-clients monthly meeting. 
- Anil talked about Economics 2.0. Cheng will talk more about progress made around "stable payments" theme under Economics 2.0. This project should be moved into implementation phase. Economics 2.0 will be broken into smaller tasks for some themes. This will speed up development and implementation. 
- GPU is still highpriority. Artur is working hard to get to a Community Testnet up and running. Internal testnet is happening right now.  
- Microservices refactor has been paused for now. This should be moved down as a priority. 
- Content Moderation should move up the priority list. Jigar and the Praetor team have worked on this. This could be in "implementation" phase.
- Client Libraries can be moved to "implementation". GO and Java client libraries will be demoed soon by Luna and his team. More information can be found on [discord here](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1054846400275431464/1090275674016727040).
- Console AuthZ can be moved to "implementation". Denis has finalized designs for AuthZ, and Joseph is starting the work.
- Docs Site can be moved into "implementation". Luna and his team are working on migrating to Hugo, and following the spec outlined in sig-documentation monthly meeting. This can move up the priority list.
- Anil talked about the Omnibus repo. This needs consistent maintenence for auditing and fixing SDLS. A volunteer is needed to manage the current SDLs and they should look to add new SDLs to Omnibus from different Chains. Cloudmos, Console, and Terraform all use the Omnibus tool.
- ***Stable Payments and Take Rate*** should be its own priority. This should be moved up as Cheng and others from Overclock Labs are working on this. See [Discussion on Github here](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/147).
- Events Planning is about to go on chain for a vote via Chandra Station. There has been discussions for multiple weeks. This priority should move up and be labeled "implementation".
- Adam added Akash Hackathon (via wg-akash-hackathon) as a priority. There will be a governance proposal hitting the chain today.
- Anil has talked about the work sig-analytics is doing. There is a spec for the data that Akash does not have. A team member from Messari may join the next sig-analytics meeting. 

### Cheng discussion on Stable Payments

- Adam, Cheng, and Anil have worked on phase 1 of a spec for Stable Payments. They will share shortly in Github Discussions. 
- The first multicurrency integration would be USDC, but this is up for discussion.
- Take rate implementation will be another part of stable payments.
- The goal is to get these features to market very quickly. 
- Please feel free to chime in via [Discord]. 


### Cloudmos Funding Proposal

- Boz asked some questions that he put in [Github discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/85#discussioncomment-5456374). 
- Discussions were focused on business model and profitability. 
- Boz asked Max his approach to sustainability of the business.
- Max says the business model for the feature is a SaaS model, with a free tier that is a minimal product, and the business or advanced features would be behind a paywall. 
- Max made a point that adoption needs to pick up before he believes a kick on.
- Boz asked if Max can provide more details on the hours for the work that he has outlined in the proposal. 
- Boz was asking about the risk of big asks. Boz wants a small quarter by quarter funding approach. 
- Greg asked that Cloudmos proposal be more granular. Praetor proposal is more granular. 
- Greg says there is no plan to
- Mintscan and Big Dipper already have explorers
- Greg suggests making a proposal by project. Each project should have a validation factor. 
- Greg wants to make it clear that this kind of proposal is setting the precendent. Cloudmos is a top ecosystem partner, so it is important to get this right. 
- Cheng mentioned that a good template for the kind of proposal to submit could be Events and Hackathon Proposal. It is about accountability. This should be standard for all proposals.
- Max said that this makes sense. 
- Cheng mentions that there should be a standard for all governance process. 
- Adam is working on a best practices document to share with the community for governance proposals and other discussions. 
- Max is fine to break the proposals down, but making so many proposals by project is a lengthy process. They thought it was better to have 1 larger ask that includes a number of projects.
- Adam suggested that some projects should be fast tracked by the steering committee. Adam would like to have specs for projects.
- Adam mentioned that things need to be defined more strictly, because more people are starting contribute to Akash.
- Adam stated that more contributions need to be made to the core product. JWT Authentication is an example.
- Adam thinks that Max needs to work on JWT Authentication. This is higher priority then deploy tool. 
- Adam asked what Max thought about the feedback. 
- Adam asked if the work around Analytics is apart of sig-analytics. Anil answered that Cloudmos has an indexer. Their indexer is not open source as of right now.
- Adam mentioned that work around analytics should come from sig-analtics. 
- Greg says thats projects can batched into a single proposal. Still needs to be more granular. Max felt like they did that. 
- Each project should have hours, approximate date of completion, and a budget attached. 
- Adam mentioned that the process being open included making PRDs for certain things. The process should be followed. Adam has no problem with patching PRDs.
- Max mentioned that the PRDs for provider attributes and sig-analytics will be followed. 
- Artur mentioned that there is other things that are needed for the core product, i.e. testing. This is currently done by Overclock Labs. It would be great for testing to come project.
- Artur mentioned that Osmosis way of proposals is not bad. It is quick and easy. 
- Anil mentions that Max should write the spec for Provider Attributes. Anil is doing it because no one else is doing it. Max is poised to work on this spec and make a PR. 
- Anil also asked about what is open sourced. Everything but webui is open sourced. 
- Adam is very understanding on why the proposal was made. The hesistation is that the large ask needs to be folded in the new open source framework we have. 
- ***Process is a PRD is made and then Development of PRD if funded.***
- Anil clarified that the Provider Attributes PRD is old. Max can help. 
- Anil mentioned that Luna has made PRDs that have gotten comments and additions from others.


### Action Items

- Adjust priority list.
- Find a volunteer to help manage Omnibus.
- Create a priority for "Akash Hackathon", and add label "implementation".
- Anil will add sig-analytics spec to the project list. 
- Anil, Max, and Praetor team will work on Provider Attributes spec.
- Tyler to schedule working session for wg-provider-attributes.
- Adam is going to talk to Max about JWT Authentication.
- Anil will make a rough spec to add to wg-provider-attributes looking for feedback from Cloudmos and Praetor teams. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: To a very well. Welcome all to the third monthly meeting for the steering committee. I'll pass it off to Anil, to get us started in a moment. Just some quick items I think as mentioned most folks have been using the discussions on Github. The forum, the old forum is no longer being used. You can't write on it anymore. There'll be in some announcements that will be added to it very shortly, as well as some additional announcements and that will be tag to the current github discussions on how folks can templatize some of their messaging. So look forward to that coming very soon. There's been some CIGS that have already happened this a week, and obviously, this will normally happen on the Thursday, but because of some conflicts, it's happening on a Tuesday. So, without further ado, I'll pass it off to a meal to get us started. I'll be taking notes in the background.

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler. Hey, everyone. so I'm going to go ahead and share my screen so that I can let Tyler take notes.

Anil Murty:  All right. So hopefully everyone can see my screen. Let me know if you don't.

Anil Murty:  So wow. Yeah, we're on the meeting. Number three for the steering committee. This is amazing. We made it through the first quarter. It's awesome. Looks like we're getting in a pretty good cadence which is great, not just for this but for all the sigs as well. So thanks everyone. That joins these meetings and contributes to them both during the meetings, as well as async in Github. Appreciate all the contributions. We have a pretty good agenda that we've done a couple of times, so we'll just stick to that but then if there's, you know, things that people have burning on their mind want to bring up, please raise your hand or drop, comment to the chat and we'll make sure you get the time to address it.

Anil Murty:  So to start off the first thing we talk about in these meetings is discuss any feedback about this whole process, meaning the whole community development process and any sort of grievances conflicts anything that you want to share about how things are going. So I'm going to pause here. See if there's any feedback from anyone on the call. I have a couple of things that I want to bring up, but I want to give the opportunity to others to talk first.

Anil Murty: Cool, absolute silence. So I guess I'll get things going and maybe that'll spark some conversation. The only thing I wanted to bring up was we have had a pretty good cadence in general of people creating poll requests in the community, repositories for specs, as well as for meeting meeting notes and stuff. The one ask I have and I'm guilty of this myself is, There's pull requests that have been open for a while. Now these are primarily around some specs and some, you know, artifacts related to working groups. The ask I have is if we can do a little bit of work in terms of pushing these along or at least putting in the version that exists right now as a draft or something in, you know, updating it later, that'll be great because there's a few requests are open and that's primarily the only thing I wanted to bring up.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Any thoughts? Any other questions? Any other feedback anybody wants to share from? People running through this over the last few months.

Anil Murty: Cool. I guess if there's no other things to bring up we can move on to the second item on the agenda. So The next thing we do here is we review the list of projects and we see if there's any new ones, we should add to the list or prioritize them, if people have opinions about what needs to be going first and what needs to be going later. So I'm going to go ahead and open up the Projects list page and we can go to that. Oops, looks like we're broken link here.

Anil Murty: Explosed there, okay. so,

Anil Murty:  Yeah. So this is kind of a table of things that people are working on console. General availability is now done. So I'm going to go ahead and update this after the call, and I'm going to close it out. And then market is closed. So, obviously, consoles, generally available right now, it's still in. It still has a beta mark, but we'll talk about console and it's roadmap, and what's coming next during the client SIG meeting, which I think, is week, or two from now. So, So I'll save any further comments on console. For then, but that items pretty much complete. The second one here is Economics 2.0 and I think we're going to have a discussion from being led by Cheng. Right. After I think this item, So I think that makes sense to have in the second row here as the second priority.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  and then the third one, obviously is a big, huge, big thing that's coming up and that's, you know, Adam milestone for it already is Artur has been leading GPU support and all the code changes which are pretty significant In the node and the provider repositories. And as last week, we obviously announced Internal Testnet so author and a bunch of us have been Testing out an internal version of this GPU support right now, and he is furiously working on trying to enable this for an external testament as well. So that makes sense. I guess in the third, third, most priority in terms of things having worked on or freely father far along. But, you know once,

Anil Murty:  Cheng goes through his thing today. We can trust potentially change, this one state from specific definition to the next thing. And this is obviously still in implementation so it can stay there. Until we at least get to a public testnet.

Anil Murty:  Provider services, Microservices Refactor. This one's kind of been a little bit stalled and paused, I think mostly because of me, I've just been swamped with a bunch of other things and not had a chance to look at this. Also, I needed inputs from Arthur and Adam on this, and they both been pretty busy with GPS support. So I think it makes sense to move this down because the next item on this list, which is content, moderation, the Predator team in others, Adam myself. We've had a few discussions on this and this seemed like it's very far along and also in case people in the colonist, did predators funding proposal, just passed yesterday. So you accomplishment for the team And so I think it makes sense to move this up in terms of priority, because I'm assuming they're good to start implementing this but, you know, somebody they will or jigar should jump in and correct me from wrong here.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so basically we started working on it and we'll have updates soon on that.

Anil Murty:  Amazing. Great work. Guys, the next one's client libraries, I believe this can stay right below content. Moderation, Luna. And the, In the Quasar team are actively working on this. I believe they have like a prototype of the Java client or glow. Kind of both. I don't exactly what. But, you know, we're looking forward to a demo soon on that. So I think, you know, content, moderation can move. From ideation respect definition to implementation and then this can move this obviously, an implementation. So we'll make those changes.

Anil Murty:  Also, authorized paint is getting started this week, so this is, technically, Spec definition is done. There is actually a pull request right now with the defines respect for it, as well as wireframes, and design from from Denis that are included there. And Joe, and the team is going to get started on this this week. And so this can definitely implementation as well.

Anil Murty:  And and then I actually misspoke earlier when I said This is this is started me. This is actually a provider services refactor. I confused it with attributes, provide a services microservices. Refactor actually is an implementation, it's it's gone through two phases and it's kind of paused because author in Adam and focused on GPUs, but provide attributes is stored on me. I was the one who sort of said he will lead the spec definition for it. So it's impact despite definition and it can stay where it is. I think um, the next ones. Certification program, actually don't know too much about what's going on with this. I don't know. I'm hoping that Adam Wozney or somebody can speak. To this and you are about.

Adam Wozney: Yes, I am. What was the question? Sorry I missed that.

Anil Murty:  There was an item here called Certification Program. Do you know what is I guess? This is the EDU program and I know you can progress on that but

Adam Wozney:  Oh, yeah, sure. I can give it just a quick update on kind of akash edu. So right now, the pretor course is live. I'm currently working with actually you on the Council course with Max on a cloud, most course. And with Mr. Luna on a terraform course. So TBD on windows will launch and win. But on the goal is to get a handful of curriculums up there. So eventually we get to the point where people become kind of a cost certified.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Amazing. Thanks Adam for jumping in and sorry to put you on the on the spot right there.

Adam Wozney: I was very embarrassed. Thank you.

Anil Murty:  Forest. Dockside, migration, I don't know if this is something that we should move down. I don't. I personally don't feel like it's a super high priority but not anybody else. Feels otherwise. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: We actually started working on this today from the Sea Dogs meeting. We here are assuming the SE task of working on the documentation. So I think we can move it to the implementation phase.

Greg Osuri: You're more into Hugo Right Akash website.

Joao Luna: Yes. Yeah, we are moving with the solution that uses you go and has a localization by default. So we can start working on English documentation, but then easily go to international language. We are following the same model as Kubernetes, so it we have it as our base. Inspiration, let's say.

Greg Osuri: As zoom is going under Akash, chart network slash docs, not docs.

Joao Luna: Yes, we are currently working on a our own repo, but the idea is to transfer it to the cash. People.

Greg Osuri:  Sounds good, thanks.

Anil Murty: Amazing Luna. You guys are amazing taken on this. Oh yeah. So we'll update this one and it can probably go about pro our attributes as well. Because it's obviously really hard and far along the next one, here is what we're calling omnibus maintenance. And so, for people that are not familiar with what was intended here, essentially we have this obviously, so many bus repository, that stores, SDL references for all kinds of nodes primarily within the cosmos change.

Anil Murty:  And the challenge we have with this and it's something that impacts pretty much all clients is and we so often something changes in one of these changes on one of these chains, or the STL needs to be updated for some other reason because it doesn't working and it's either not spinning up correctly or it is spinning up. But, you know, there's something that has changed in terms of version on the on the on the within the SDL that needs to be updated. So what we need is we need some kind of a process for where, essentially, two things happen. There's a group of people that are periodically testing as deals and we can actually take like, you know, the entire set of

Anil Murty:  You know, Omniverse repositories that we care about and split them up into groups or something and then have people test him out and and then there's like a table or something that's maintained in some ways. I'd is, you know, updated and checked and said, You know, if this is still working on this. So and today, and it's done every, you know, maybe two weeks or every month or something. And so that's one part of. It is like regular testing and maintenance of it, testing them, and fixing any small changes to it. And then the second portion of it, is adding support for new chains when they come out. So if there's a new Cosmos chain and support for it,

Anil Murty:  So we need, you know, somebody to volunteer to take the lead on this. I was going to take the leader on this when I had some time but right now I don't. And so, you know, if somebody on this call or just generally in the community, has interest in leading this effort, it'll be great to the first step would be to basically right kind of a document or respect for what? I just described in detail. Like basically what the process is going to be, How often is this testing gonna happen? How's it going to be around within the community? Where is the information could be stored for people to look up, you know, which chains of validated or not. And this is important because, you know, Cloudmos uses all these chains within their UI. Console uses it telephone provider uses it. And if it doesn't work, it results in a bad experience for the user.

Anil Murty:  Because they receive anyone has any questions or wants to volunteer to take on this?

Anil Murty:  Oh, silencing is redesigns. I'll try to push a little bit on the community if I can't get to this or I'll try to get to it in a few weeks from now. I won't go through the rest of this, unless people want me to, but I'll just point out a couple of things that I think make sense to move up. So there is this item called provider pricing. And profitability, This fits really well Cheng with the stuff that I think you'll talk about. Also you know prioritizing pro was a stable payments and settlement, sorry wrong ones. So I think it fits very well within the Econ 2. Rodrigo thing. The question after you changing is like Should we keep this as a good thing or should we just merge it into that? It'll be. I think they should move up because we're actively working on coming up with the spec for this right now.

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, they can chime in here. Thank you, Neil. I think it makes sense to keep it in its own separate thing though. I do reserve the right to to be convinced. Otherwise primary reason just being Akt, 2.0 is such a massive endeavor, that'd be probably behooves us to break that down into its subsequent components and I know that doesn't necessarily fully drive with the the essence of you. I think how this is constructed here but that's just my thought process.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Anil Murty:  And then even planning 223, I know item wozney, you have a bunch of things going on on discord for this is this in a statement. We should move this up in move it into like a you know. SPECT definition or implementation. Phase. If you

Adam Wozney: yeah, so right now we're at the stage where we're just about to put it on chain for a vote Working with Chandra Station, I'm getting that live. Hopefully, today, all the information is in the discord channels and the HACKATHON in the Events Discord channel. So you can review the proposal fully there. It's been kind of live on Github discussions for a few weeks now. So we're basically ready to go on chain for a vote.

Anil Murty: That's incredible progress. So yeah, this is definitely deserves moving up the stable and going into I guess implementation at least at this point. So, Yeah, we'll make that update as well. I mean, either you should take a note that as well. Anything else on this table that we need to talk about or any items that are people working on that need to be added to this table, that you can think of speak up now.

Adam Wozney: Um, there is one that I don't think is added on here. It's similar to the event planning 2023, it's an akash HACKATHON. I don't know if that would be included in this. That is also has been up for kind of feedback on Github and in the discord working group channel, I'm not sure if that should be added to this. But basically, we're to the point to get that unchain as well today for a vote, and then implementation. So I don't know if that should be here somewhere else.

Anil Murty: I see, so I guess the decision point for me would be Number one is is even planning basically. Which events do we want to attend? Not necessarily us running them and then hackathons is something obviously that we would run ourselves, right? Okay. Yeah. So I would look at them as two separate things especially if you're doing two separate proposals for them. Oh, sounds good. So we create one for hackathons as well. And put that to implementation. Cool. Any other is any other things? Anybody wants to bring up. Before we move on to the next topic.

Anil Murty:  All right. Switching back here. Talk about that over to Cheng, I guess for presentation on stable payments.

Cheng Wang: Thank you. Neil, this won't be to lengthy. I promise everyone. I know a little while ago, Greg had introduced Akt chewed Auto Wright as part of the SIG, Economics, rollout and akjiato. And in terms of engaging the community on both discord and as well as in Github discussion, we definitely had some interesting discussions on. You have though not very lengthy and especially once we got brought that to bear in this court. A definitely was even less lengthy and one of the big things here, I think it was. Did it just internally when we started pulling it? Apart determine. I think it became a little bit too much to chew on, because there's just so much baked into it. Right. There is a, there's a payment element, there's a settlement settlement, you know, depending on provider, versus tenant, there is, you know, multi currency support, which currencies there's the take rate, you know where, and when how's that implemented, all of these kind of technical things that in and of themselves can be entire

Cheng Wang:  Definitions alone, right? And you ball that all together in Ak2.2.0, it became this kind of really, really heavy thing that became difficult to I think take down and, you know,

Cheng Wang:  Depending on the community to say, you know, take the proactive approach of going into each one of these subject matter categories and in breaking them down. So internally, we started parsing those out and prioritizing them and, you know, Shout out to Adam Bozanich. I'm not too sure if he's on the quality, saw him coming in and out but spend some work along with some, you know in person time discussion during Meet Denver to talk about, you know what a MVP roll out of economics. I mean, Akt 2.0 would really look like and the first big thing that we're outlining and we'll be submitting to, you know, get out of discussions for the community to review shortly. That's something that I'm putting together, and then I will be submitting, in in Github for everyone to review and take a look at and, you know, engage in discussions there. And from that, you know, we have a proposed back that could go out to hopefully, take into to production and get work done on it very relatively soon, and that is going to be primarily

00:20:00

Cheng Wang:  Within the sphere multi-currency support the first multi-currency support. We would like to introduce via. This discussion is going to be USC. And I'll leave, I'll just say usdc and some of the technical more specific components of which we will go into it and it'll be outlined in the, You know, discussions. That's number one. And number two is yes, or any, I don't actually have a presentation just wanted to talk through briefly. And number two, is going to be the take, great implementation. So those two things will be worked on concurrently side by side, in order to really start to bring Akt 2.0, You know, one step closer to to full implementation and so, you know, breaking apt2.0 into a subsequent components. Rather a phases of phase one let's say MVP face to and phase three etc, etc. With each phase adding more more features in order to enhance the richness of the two dotto idea.

Cheng Wang:  But the first phase of MVP is really, to get all of the supporting components to market functional and as quickly as possible, so that we can start to, you know, make a significant progress. I know that's really important, of course, to keep that drum beat rolling. So having said that in summary, the will be pushing to get up. Soon is the stable payments as part of multi-currency, settlement supporting Usdc. The Take Great for USCC, as well as Akt workloads. Those will be differentiated obviously and the specific details and how we're going to go about doing that is going to be there. And of course I'll lean on those who are a lot more technical and actually doing the heavy lifting aka animals and itch and others to to answer any of the more technical questions though, I will definitely do. Do my best there and anyone in a community who do want to chime in have questions concerns thoughts, suggestions otherwise

Cheng Wang:  As far as implementation reasoning, you know, fair game, please do let us know. Look forward to everyone's participation

Anil Murty: Thank you Cheng. Does anyone have any questions for Chength? What we said we will, of course have the spec out that we've been reviewing between a few of us, but any burning questions right now.

Anil Murty:  Cool. And while Cheng was talking, I just realized a couple of things about the projects list. So I'll go back here for a second one, is we have also been working on a as part of the city analytics we've been working on number one understanding what questions we can answer with the existing options that we have for analytical data whether it's from cloud more. So they exists some of the existing indexes there and and then defining a spec for implementing You know, sort of data model financing, some of the questions that we don't answer today, right? So that's been making good progress as well. So I'll add that to the list. Here, there is a spec that was on review and then it's inside this again analytics now.

Anil Murty:  And we're making good progress in that. We'll update in the next signal analytics meeting and there's a good chance. You might even get somebody from Missouri to join that Sing Analytics meeting to talk about, you know, the kinds of data that they would like to see so that they can go and talk about Akash in their reports. They do like the publisher report just yesterday about GPUs and talk about Akash, so we'll see if we can get them to join that meeting as well.

Anil Murty: Um and yeah, that's the only thing I wanted to bring up. On this.

Anil Murty:  Cool. The next one's discussion about the Cloud most funding proposal. And I don't know, like Boz or Greg. Do you guys want to leave this one?

Greg Osuri: Up and a Boz mythology. Is he here in the call?

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, I'm here.

00:25:00

Greg Osuri:  You hear some thoughts, you posted this morning, right?

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, happy to go through some of the questions I guess if that would help the committee.

Greg Osuri: Sure.

Boz Menzalji:  Yeah, so my thoughts around, this were generally around sustainability practices, generally for projects and to really understand. Value relative to costs and impact. And one of the questions I had was

Boz Menzalji: A Could we have an outline basically of what the path is for sustainability? And what the business model would be like? That's one of the questions. Another thought process around this would be If there are pro forma models or projections. That teams, at least mature teams that have received multiple fundings from the community fund, could begin establishing and sharing with the community to understand exactly the path for sustainability. Um, and another question around this would be if the community is funding development for some of these features, which benefit the community. Would cloudmose be charging the community as well. For these potential future gated features, And if so,

Boz Menzalji:  Would that lead to a conflict of interest based on community funding relative to monetization strategies? Or are there thoughts around some of those features that would be potentially monetized because it's unclear right now with those features, then fund back the community fund. Until those resources are essentially paid back where then all future monetizations would be profited from. So, Just generally around profitability, we can go through some of these questions. I know there's other items in here that I'd like to touch on but we can just distill this in like just section by section. I guess, so I'd love to just hear from Max around his approach to sustainability around his business model for cloudmouse.

Max: Sure. Hey everyone. Hi Boz. Hi Greg. Yeah, just noticed that you posted this, so I didn't get the time to read it all in detail, but

Max:  sure, I can give you a bit of. I thoughts towards our sustainability in the future. It's kind of a bit. Inside the proposal in some places where we'll talk about some of the features that we plan on monetizing, while keeping the core of the features free to use. And our business model that we are aiming to have in the future. Is basically kind of a SAS product. where, There's a free gear. where most of the core features to for new users to get familiar with and use a as a minimal product. And paint feature, paid paid tears where some of the

Max:  more advanced features are for business features are gated by a monthly payments, for example, Right now. It's not very feasible to do this. Well, we could, but I think, That the current state of the adoption of the network, I don't think it necessarily makes sense to start doing this, especially with like all the challenges that are mentioned in my proposal. I think these need to be addressed, and like the path or not the path, but the growth of the adoption needs to be A lot more a lot. Yeah, just a lot more in general, to get to this point. And this is why we're asking for this grant to get to this point. If that makes sense.

Max:  What's the other question?

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, I guess I'd like like, yeah. And and I know I recognize, like, I posted this this morning. So yeah. More than happy to continue this conversation. Like around sustainability just for clarity, so it can be a little bit more detailed just so we can have a frame of reference here. My second question, I guess would be, How did you get 150k? I'd like? Is it possible to distill? Q4 deliverables. Were implementing improved uptime solutions, the integrate token, ON-REM solutions like Cato, Improving, Billing Module and Open Sourcing Cladmas, Indexer and Explorer. Can we distill those or Extract those to have billable hours and what rate?

00:30:00

Boz Menzalji:  So, we have a, the community, essentially has a clear understanding of how you arrived at the 150k.

Max: Sure. But the things that you mentioned like for the second proposal which is currently not well with the focus for this, current proposal was mostly for the first one which is a little bit more detail I guess. Yeah. We the way we estimated the, you know, is kind of yeah. Estimating, the hours that we think that we would spend on the on each of the items. and their rough estimation is because Sometimes it's not a very research and development and things. Can take more or less time. So it's not like regular work that we would do for example for an consulting client where things are. extremely established and like, Things are repeat business, for example.

Max:  But yeah, sure. And I'm guessing you would ask this for greater as well or any other. Project asking for fun from the community pool.

Boz Menzalji: Yeah. Absolutely, I'd ask these generally because the one of the, the core things I'd like to understand is just because it's, it's such a large ask. It's to really understand exactly like. How those like you can you know, economics for features come out. but also for like, multi, -Forter. And this is just a personal opinion as a community. Member on this call here essentially is how, like, given the state of The economy with macro conditions and nation, that's there. It states and their approach to it from like a regular Tory perspective. Large asks, I think have quite a bit of

Boz Menzalji:  Risks. When it comes to funding, for example, if this funding was to pass, And more attacks from the government. Essentially nuke conditions across the market. Not just a cost to Five cents. Where would that position the community fund overall? Where would how would that risk? Contribute to other projects in the pipeline, in the in the sustainable day of the fund itself. I would. I'm in favor of a quarter by quarter. Funding approach. But I'm just curious on what your thoughts around that are as opposed to Funding for such a large.

Greg Osuri: I guess I have some parts the what we discussed last time was to be more granular in funding requests instead of broad I don't, I mean, I haven't seen that feedback taken into account with this new contributions. You start off the proposal with previous achievements and use you, highlight problems and solutions. but, Your milestones and projects are essentially in time blocks, in the sense like, Q1, you need Q2 Q3 this. You plan to, instead of, Hey, I want to achieve SIG analytics. Implementation for SIG analytics. I'm going to need 50,000 for it and these are the expected. In a deliverables. And this is a timeline, right? I understand timelines can can change. I mean, software development, what not? But

Greg Osuri:  I was hoping to be more granular in terms of, like, I need money for X, I need money for life. You look at if you look at what's his name, the prayer funding, right? They're very, very granular. In terms of water asking asking 50,000. To implement, you know this the solution for content moderation. so, The concern I have with with proposal, I mean, it's the same concern that express last time, right? It's like a very, very broad. It's not granular enough for us to be able to like justify We want you to get funding, right? I think as a cash community. I think you I use cloud moss to life. One of my favorite tools, I think meeting sustainability, but I don't want to create a precedence where if this goes through We're going to have.

Greg Osuri:  Newer. I mean, you're gonna have other ecosystem part fares follow lead, right? So it's very important. We get this, right? So, that's why I wanted a more granular approach, your proposing, quite a lot of projects here, like, okay, so another challenge is a lot of reputation, right? So, now Cloudmouse has a web-based tool it's console as well. Console came, first the Web base to, but you have a proposal here, you're going to invest into making Clouds Web You know, a lot more. But there's no like plan to merge cloud mods and and console, and there is obviously elements here that you are. There's repetitive from Munchkin and and Big Dipper, right?

00:35:00

Greg Osuri: You can has a scanner, right? So why are we like, kind of funding? A duplicated effort to have like a, You know, a block explorer on topmost, right? It's a rather use those funds to focus on things that are more important, right? Here's…

Max: Yeah I get but we don't we know that's funding.

Greg Osuri: what that nature.

Max: Sorry to interrupt you. You don't ask funding for black history in the current proposal and I just wanted to address the your first point about granuary granularity of our proposal. If you look at the first version at the top of the page, The like quarter two in quarter three were like really broad like you were mentioning and in the second version already took the time. Well we we took the time to really drill down a bit more the features to

Max: Be a bit more explicit. What it means. And like, granularity down the way. I thought I see it.

Greg Osuri: But you still buy quarter, right? So I would like implement improved up times solution. That's a project, right? And you need I don't know. Twenty thousand thirty thousand dollars for that particular project, right? Be very clear on what the project is what the deliverance would never deliverables are going to be and how those deliverables are going to be. Like validated, right? So you need money for that. Second is talking on right? Using Cato, Great, Right? It's a great great feature. Unit, X amount of dollars for that improve. Building module great. So I want, I want to see project-based granularity instead of like I need funding for a quarter or you know or a year, right? Because Then how is validated? How is it? Like, How does How do you stay accountable, right? How does community it sort of like, Take a look at this would be like Yes we did this, right? So that's my concern.

Max: Yeah, I understand it's a valid concern I guess, in our case. I feel like it's more of a trusting process but I know that it's not

Greg Osuri: it's not about trust, it's about, it's not about trust, it's more about What can go wrong will go wrong. It's about having those Those checks and balances right to make sure that everybody you're also setting the precedence for the future funding,…

Max:  Yeah.

Greg Osuri: right? Sure. If this goes through all the future projects are going to follow lead. In like proposing. And you know, that's going to open a whole kind of worms that we don't know how it's gonna happen. So it's very, very important to get this, right? Because Club Moses, arguably one of the top because system partners for Akash and because it's contributors, right? So it's an opportunity for us to send an example, as how we want the future funding to look like. So I want to do this really, right? And plus the amount is about one, third community pool and it's a large amount, right? So it's a large ass. Yeah, even though even the reduced proposal dollars, still one third of the community. So a lot of parameters here, that, you know, the indicator that we have to get it right.

Cheng Wang: yeah, I agree and I understand that if there can be one for example precedent, not exactly present in this moment in time to follow Max and everyone, I'd like to submit for consideration is if you're if you look at for example, the HACKATHON and the events discussion that was posted by Adam Wozney there in that, we're requesting funds from the community pool in order to do a lot of these akash network related activities, right for both the community building and generating just buzz it

Cheng Wang:  But recruiting vanguards etc. It runs the gamut right? And the HACKATHON itself as far as a prize that will go out you know maintenance all all those particular things have a lot of it's it's really not necessarily about a trust thing but accountability, right? So for in terms of submitting that particular proposal and and currently still lives as the discussion before, it makes it to a governance. Problem is about accountability, This is how we plan on using those funds and we're going to account for them on a quarterly basis to say Here's what the actual expenditure was. Here's what was requested, if there is a delta, what are we gonna do with that delta, right? And in terms of How do we even calm down to once, the funds are received, What is the responsible custody mechanism to what is the responsible potential liquidation mechanism? All that kind of stuff is outline there, so that there's maximum visibility and accountability to the community, so that there isn't and it's not necessarily a trusting but it's really just establishing and precedented, Hey, we're going to be

00:40:00

Cheng Wang:  Fully accountable and we're going to totally open this up, such that everyone and anyone in the community can pull holes and ask questions. Because we understand how important it is right to really moderate the how the funding is kind of dulled out and ultimately how it's going to be used.

Max: And yeah, I agree with you. for sure, you can't rely on trust for like All the the grant asked including us. I mean, You can't like just have rules for somebody and not for the rest and I understand,…

Cheng Wang: Yeah and…

Max: makes sense.

Cheng Wang: and to your point, I think it's worthwhile to create because there's no like really template out there for these kind of things, right. So I think it's worthwhile for us to work together on what is a format something that can be repeatable and everyone adhere. So the same format right, like, for example, anything with the government, you're gonna fill out a form, right? What does that form look like? What are the? What's the information that's requested? I think that's something that we can put on the short list of things to do to streamline and the government's process.

Adam Wozney: And quickly. On that note, I'll mention I've started to draft, kind of a best practices, governance proposal DOC that people can use as a template for whenever they have ideas that they want to request community funds. For I'm still kind of building it out and having people review it, and I'll be sharing it with the community for feedback as well. So that should go live, you know, hopefully in the next few days here. So,

Cheng Wang: Awesome. Thank you once.

Max: And so yeah, to talk about the the concern about being in the proposal being too broad and Preferring. The proposal being just a single projects for proposal. The only issue that I have with this is

Max: Coaches, but putting them on chain waiting for the voting process is a very lengthy process and Isn't the reason why we bundled a bunch of the projects that we believe, after two years of spending with the community and being in the first front of like the adoption, getting the feedback from the community from new users existing user. That's why that's why we come up We came up with all the problems and solutions and projects that we we strongly believe that will fix or at least improve these problems into a single larger ask and proposal. Which in the result of this is that we spend less time.

Max:  Planning, these and like being less on a shorter. Shorter, time frame. Every time waiting waiting for like a probation for from these projects and stuff. So it's just for efficiency, really.

Anil Murty: It Adam.

Adam Bozanich: Hey Max, thanks for. Thanks for doing this. And like, looking through this, I think there's two things, there's like big projects and then there's like they're like incremental features and I was just thinking the exact same thing that you were talking about, which is that that kept for kind of like ongoing incremental features. It's too odorous to do big, you know. Proposals and things like that. So I think that like this steering committee should take it upon itself to reformulate or revive what we had previously with the Community Awards Board so we can kind of fast track some of these projects. I think it is important to have things like Well, defined for the community to be funding, but it is quite interest to go through government nurse process for all of them. For the bigger ones. Yeah, I think it makes sense to

Adam Bozanich:  Like, this is the spec that we're doing for. You know, something, you know, for instance, for the, the analytics that you have in here the API, this is what we're going to be building. It's a it's a full-blown big project. That's fine for like improving, you know, Aziz stuff. Maybe that could be done through kind of less ownerous or renting film processes. I think that's something that we need to get better at. I think it's just a big, it's a big thing to to bite offices. This whole thing. Now, to be fair to you, I know that this is kind of how we've been working in the past, right? You're like this is the thing, you know, here's a bunch of money and we're gonna do a whole bunch of things. But I think that like we're getting more interested in the Queen. There's more people coming and being involved in the process that we need to be more, you know, defines things a little bit more strictly.

00:45:00

Adam Bozanich:  I would say too that just throwing this out there. Like I think that worse still in the phase like what we're in the phase. Now we're I think that we really need to build. It's a like like fundamental tooling for for the network. And things like you know the Web employment tools for an instance and APIs I'll say still, we're taking care of a couple steps back. Authentication. As we know on the network is really cumbersome to work with for web browsers. Similarly literally for APIs, it's difficult to work with. So if we build like we work together to build like a better authentication system using jobs and things like that. I think it would really really impact how we could grow the ecosystem. so, like

Adam Bozanich:  I look at this and it's like, this is primarily building a Cloud Moses, you know, offerings which is awesome. There's totally something that the network should support but it's using a big chunk of the money that I think that should be spent on building fundamental, kind of Features of the network and Max Like you've been working with the network for so long, you're like the most poised person. To facilitate that, right? And it would also, you know, big be a big boon to cloud most productivity because I think you wouldn't have to have this weird This weird like intermediary proxy server and things like that. So like to me, it's like it's a big ask. I know that you can do it but it's it's and very confident that you can do it. But we need to be a little bit more granular with funding.

Adam Bozanich:  We also need to be a bit more fast-moving with smaller things and it's leaving. You seeing a lot of funding from the community pool. That I think that there's like kind of some higher priority things to work on, which would benefit all the all the entire network. All the apps are trying to build Network. So that's just my thoughts on the ground, on the

Adam Bozanich:  On the proposal. I know that there's been a lot of back and forth. I haven't really followed it all. So I'm just curious, like, what was the feedback on this and is there any reason why It kind of ended up like this, like was the feedback followed or do you just use it?

Max: Thanks Adam for the great insights and yeah. I'm trying to follow. Well, like you said, there's no like template to follow necessarily. how to do these kind of proposals and Like I tried to do it as professionally as I think it should be. And I don't know, the market conditions, really suck right now, for everyone. So, It's harder to justify these kinds of it expenses. But yeah, the feedback that I got was mostly Where we talk about the Greg's feedback about the granularity. maybe and misunderstood, how, what that was supposed to mean, but to me was just to expand a bit the projects that we were

Max:  Aiming to accomplish.

Max: To some more feedback I got at least, but you can follow, I guess the discussions on Github there is a There was some feedback about the general ask initially, was it for 300k to And for four quarters and we split it into two proposals.

Adam Bozanich:  so let me just ask real quick, I the for the people that have been participating and like the data in the analytics, And working groups. Is that is like what your targeting in here. Is that something that can like, basically be carved out and

Adam Bozanich:  Allocated by the Data Working Group. Like, is that something that's ready to go? Is it defined enough to be able to do Is there a reason why it's in here? Instead of like, I haven't gone through that process.

00:50:00

Adam Bozanich:  I know that other Anil, I know that you're part of that working group as well. I'm just It's because right? Like So we have this process we're going through with the community about we want things for for analytics, right? Of course, we need business intelligence tool. Okay. So we've gone through and to find these things. And and we also have a proposal here for kind of the same things. Is there alignment in the two things? Is it more? Well defined in the same in the day analytics groups?

Anil Murty: Yeah, yes, we can jump in really quick and then I know Greg had is a hand of provide enough,…

Adam Bozanich:  Okay. Yeah.

Anil Murty: so really quick to answer your question, Adam. Um, Max was definitely part of those second analytics meetings as well. And essentially what we talked about there, at least in the analytics meeting was, You know, we went over the spec for what kinds of questions we want to answer with. And it is data The that spec wasn't a discussion for a while and then it was an appeared. The indexer that Max has, or that Cloudmos has today answers quite a few of the questions. It doesn't answer all of them in answers, quite a few of them, but at least, at the time of discussion, the indexer was not open source. I don't believe it's open source, even now and and there is no public APIs for accessing a data. So I think this proposal, basically talks about open sourcing it or at least providing public APIs. I'm sorry, I didn't leave the the most recent version of this in detail, but if it's open sourced

Anil Murty: And it's able to support. The questions that were in that spec, then the answer to your question, Adam is yes. But, you know, it's a little bit gray, it may be supports 80% of it and…

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Anil Murty: maybe the cloud most teams decides not open source. It, but offers public APIs. Is that the same? Don't know. That's, that's kind of where it is.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, I feel like we're doing a disservice to the process if we just, if we don't fall on that way, we have a PRD. Let's fund the development of that PRD. And I feel like, you know, Max Cosmos most teams can definitely do it, so it feels a lot to have it in here as well, but go ahead. Go ahead, great.

Greg Osuri: well, so when it comes to like granularity and batch sizes, right? You can always batch multiple projects in a single proposal In the sense, you can still get the 150k member. If you can be more granular in terms of like Project based funding and proposal per project. You can say, like analytics, you want to open source, you want to You know, you want to implement this priority that was published in the SIG Analytics group and you need, I don't know like 50K that's one and other projects that you need, you know. the kiddo money being bringing Fiat on ramp, you may 25k for that, that's another project. So you can batch all those projects and give an indo single proposal instead of going through this repetitive governance, you know, you know, cycles. Right. Which I understand is it's distracting and also very onerous, right? So So, that answers a question and concerns.

Greg Osuri:  About his owners process.

Max: And yes, I know, maybe it confused with the batching in the Craniality…

Greg Osuri:  Yeah.

Max: because I feel like that's what we did. We batch a bunch of projects that Yes, they could be evaluated like individually how much they would cost for example. and that would be exactly what you were describing, or maybe I misunderstood

Greg Osuri: Yeah, like be like, well, I'm gonna work on this project and it's gonna take a month or two and it's not cost. Why it's gonna, you know, Project 2, we're gonna work on it for four months, he's gonna cost X. And be very clear about what the deliverables for Project. One Project two, you can buy some of the single proposal Which is not too many of them. Obviously, we go like five projects in a single proposal people that's going to take longer for governance to understand. But if it's, you know, if you're saying like it's smaller set of projects, you can have a number of the, you know, no higher number in the back side. But if it's like a large product, you have No number, right? So So make your best judgment,…

Adam Bozanich: Yourself.

Greg Osuri: right? Like, you'll be great to, like, break up the instant analytics and maybe realize a care of money invaded in a single like in single proposal to projects the separate, we cleared eligible overtime.

Adam Bozanich:  For me it's like we were having all these meetings the pointers to open up the process, right? And so we have all these these meetings, this whole scheme for producing prds. and then for funding development of those PRTs, and like, I think, again, I'm not faulting for it again, where you're coming from, but, like, what? What are we? How does this impact that the process that we're building for this stuff? If there's an, if there's a kind of parallel thing that's like, oh, we're also doing some of that, but Kind of not really like it's not targeted at a PRD, it's like some line items on a proposal. like it's just confusing from a project management perspective to be like,

00:55:00

Adam Bozanich:  Well, we funded this but it's it's these things and maybe we could ask for more, but maybe not. But we also spent all this time to build this PRD for, you know, for very specific for, you know, the comprehensive PRD. Do we then fund that too? It's just kind of confusing. And so, you know, I really do think that we we need to kind of again. I understand that this is different from the way. before, but the point of this whole framework that we've built up, is that with the community, we we go through, we build prds and we fund illness development of those periodies and that Greg's saying that yeah, that's patch some prds to make it less owner is but I don't see the PR days here. That's that's the same and then it becomes Will we're kind of undermining this whole process that we've been working. That's the issue with it for me.

Max: Well, to address this, we put the two of the prds. So one of the provider attributes and the other one is for analytics. For the attributes. Technically, we already started working on this. I know, Anil is Where this and he was like he said in the beginning of the meeting, supposed to work a bit on it, but he doesn't have time, so it's all good. But yeah, we were me started working on it and we know what to do. So that's one priority and you're the one is very lean on. It takes

Max: So the PRD was looking for solutions to answer some of the analytics questions that are defined in the PRD and I said Hey we have these, This are our indexer that basically answers all these questions. Why not use this? instead of like doing all the work that we already did in the past, so, That's why I put the priority in, in the In the proposal and I didn't describe in detail because it's in the PRD. So if you look, if you click on the PRD, you'll see all the details that we strongly believe that we can. answer these questions in the reasonable amount of time instead of going and doing it from scratch, because it takes a lot of time to build an indexer and like, Calculate all these statistics. From block Genesis and stuff. So

Adam Bozanich: Okay. So then we're finding our calculate x to implement the PRD. That came out of segated. Full stop presentation.

Max: well the funding is to get these statistics and yeah we want to open source it the indexer at some point right now it's it's under the proposal to

Adam Bozanich:  That's awesome. Okay.

Max:  but yeah, we would we want to in As it's mentioned there, get access to that data, to an API, for in the proposal, one, which I think is sufficient. This is what the PRDS is asking for. We need to get this data and we can provide it

Adam Bozanich: Okay. So just just question about process and Neil, you have Archer, you have your end up too. But so when we get to it, I just want to understand like closing out of PRD and fully funding, how that works, because it sounds like this is a great avenue for that. Sorry, archery. I know you've had your hand up for a while.

Artur Troian: Yeah, well thanks, uh, just like real quick to my soul's. I don't actually extending your mentioning about the how for example, cloud, most and network, and benefit from using the community pools, there are lots of things actually need to be done on the core prospective in order to include the network quality, for example, like testing network of great destinations for. So this, this part is Pretty much on overall labs at this point. And we, I think the Having that done by the community would be. Very good example, that's number one. Number two, is,

01:00:00

Artur Troian:  You know, things can be changed. So let's say some of those things that you mentioned in the founding proposal have been done by someone else in the parallel, while you've been doing the deliverables for Q1. So, how do we gonna go with the process of okay as fast returned.

Artur Troian:  Or what to do is that and to give, for example, if you look at Osmosis team, they passed send proposal for finding every month. So somebody is working on that. They spend a few hours to create a proposal for the next month's deliverables. The proposal, most of the cases they pass. So I don't think working on the proposal and chasing validators, could be an issue as soon as the proposal, who is really small. So everybody is how understanding of what's gonna be done and really short reasonable amount of time.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, you know, just I totally agree. I think that sounds awesome. And like to, to be Clear, we we haven't defined that process yet. Like so again, Max's coming this proposal is is coming from the place of like we want to, you know, this somewhere in line with the way that things have worked historically. We haven't really to find how. And something like that could work at but I agree. I think that we should again, I think it should, we should take it up on the steering committee to define Monthly thing sense sounds great especially if it's not unrest and you know people have had success with it elsewhere. I totally agree. Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, thanks. So yeah I just wanted to address one of the questions that Max brought up in how to question, slash comment as well. So max, I apologize if I said that I, you know, I I should be working on the provider attributes. Honestly, I was taking it because nobody else seems to want to take it but I mean if if you're far along I feel like you should lead it. Like you should basically right up this, like, take this bank that is that exists right now and like formalize it and somebody does a as a full request for review because I definitely don't have to be the one doing it. In fact you're probably in a better position to do it than me. So please don't don't assume that I really wanted to do it. I'm doing it because nobody else is Same thing goes for other other things like the omnibus stuff and others. So just wanted to throw that out there. and then the second is,

Anil Murty:  The question I had was and I should probably post this in the comment. I apologize for not doing that is even though you're working on this SIG analytics and adding new data to the indexer or new endpoints or whatever it is that you need to add. Why is it that you're not open sourcing until the next phase is it just purely the challenge of open sourcing the code or

Anil Murty: See.

Max: Yeah, the repose that we currently have are not very open source, friendly and we wanted to separate into two separate purple proposal to just,…

Anil Murty: okay, and…

Max: Separated. There's no.

Anil Murty: then Sorry.

Max: Specific reason.

Anil Murty: And in this bullet point about open sourcing cloud market. I thought that was already open source. But is this basically talking about the Web UI versus the The desktop one. Okay, got it.

Max:  Okay.

Anil Murty: Cool, thanks. I think I'll do you raise your hand again? So go ahead.

Adam Bozanich: So like yeah, I With those two things, right? So whatever attributes. Again I thought it said That does appear de I guess there's not a PD but like what's purity on up here the with the with the analytics. Let's like put together like what this addresses for the analytics, what it doesn't and what's the timeline and I put those together in a proposal. And in photo, I mean, I think it's that's pretty straightforward. and without that I don't really know like where we are like okay, so the API Funding the API and it's not going to be ready until Q1 2024. Like, is that okay with people that are interested in using analytics? I don't know. Are people gonna we still going to be spending time?

Adam Bozanich:  In the meantime, trying to get other solutions, you know, it's not clear. so, Again I got the big I really do. Understand exactly. Like Hey don't ask, you know us we always do great work, you do always do great work and you'll get s*** done like it's totally Totally no disagreement with that there. my my hesitation is just like how does this How do we fold this into this framework that we're trying to foster for Building a community around around this process.

01:05:00

Max: Here. I mean, if someone else wants to work on these prds, I didn't see anyone else claiming these. So that's why we felt like we were positioned well to to make them up. And and I'm not sure about the process. Once someone claims the PRD, is there supposed to to is there supposed to be something happening or…

Adam Bozanich: The process. ation you Make.

Max: something? But like, just making Just doing them.

Adam Bozanich: He refunded, Right? I mean that's just kind of typical right if you already.

Adam Bozanich:  Like the development of that gets funded. So like funding comes before the PRD. It's kind of backwards.

Anil Murty: Yeah and just once here the question I think Max and Edinburgh brought up so Adam. The PRD for provider attributes is not in the community repository. There was a priority that I started the four we went open source at the start of the year. It was a Google document that I started and shared with Max Pretty and a few others. That has a whole bunch of comments on it and basically, I had to clean up when you version of it and post it into Github. So that's where that is and and then Maxwell question. It's really opened like there are communities. So like yeah, just to take another example. I think there was a couple of prds that

Anil Murty:  Luna 19 came up with where I had comments and, you know, basically they were like Yeah, feel free to submit a update to the pull request with your changes. So we can be very collaborative about this. We don't have to be like, If somebody touches it, I can't touch it anymore and stuff like that. So yeah, both of these pries are definitely open for anybody. You take over take on and update and submit as a review. So that's the whole idea of the community is like, anybody should be able to timing to these poor request reviews and anybody should own any of the changes to it.

Anil Murty: Oh, and over time but hopefully this was useful overall for everyone and never Max. And yeah I just want to go What Adam said, Max is thanks for the patients and all this. I mean I know it takes a lot of effort to put these together. And appreciate you, like, going through this, because We're trying to build this for. The like basically doing something that's not been done before kind of create a community that builds together. even though they have, you know, their own businesses to sustain in some ways.

Anil Murty:  All right, I guess we can. Continue the discussion if needed on the on the chat on the discussion thread there. But if there's no other questions from anyone else for today, we can probably hit June this meeting. I just want to see any burning questions or anybody's mind. That they want to bring up before we input today.

Anil Murty:  All right. It's not presenting in Tyler wide jigar.

Jigar Patel: Hey sorry, so Tyler we created working group for prioritude so are they still continue? Doing that or…

Tyler Wright: Yes. Yeah,…

Jigar Patel: yeah. Okay.

Tyler Wright: yeah, we'll set up a meeting, I'll schedule some time for us to set up a meeting Max. I'll follow up with you. If you have any desire to create that spec and anticipation of that meeting. But again, we'll talk and discord about the next steps, but we should definitely have a meeting sometime soon because I know it's a, it's something that folks are working on.

Anil Murty: Yeah. And if it makes life easy I can take the Word document spec that I had from a while back that has a bunch of comments in it and I can either directly create a put request with that Word document link or converted into a markdown and put it in in Github and then feel free to like anybody can feel free to take that and update it to the next version if before I can. So Let's work on it together.

Tyler Wright: That'd be great. Again, I appreciate everybody, taking the extra time today, we follow up on discussions, I pray tours proposal again, is up right now in the voting period closes tomorrow, there will be a number of other proposals. That would be on chain. I believe, the cloud most proposal is currently on chain as of this morning, as well. So, feel free to participating in voting on. The proposals that are on chain based upon comments, here, comments and discussions, etc.

01:10:00

Tyler Wright:  But again, notes will be updated recording and transcription will be added shortly after this meeting, but feel free to reach out to me or anybody else via discord if you need anything else, There's a six support meeting happening tomorrow, as we continue to move towards the network upgrade, and then again, follow discord and follow the Twitter to keep up to date on everything going on across the Akash community. Much. Appreciate, everyone's time. Today everyone have a great rest of the day. Thank you. All

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Adam Bozanich: Think so, bye.

Rodrigo Rochin: To you.

Jigar Patel: Thanks everyone.

Cheng Wang: Take everybody.

Artur Troian: Thank you.

Deval Patel: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 01:11:13 👋

