# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- Next steps for wg-GPUs.
- Open up to any other questions from the participants.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, May 04, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Alani Kuye
- Andrew Mello
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Eddie, Eddie B (FreshSTAKING)
- George Pro
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Max
- oo o
- Poroburu
- Robert Del Rey
- Salvador Gala
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn



## Notes

- Anil kicked off by talking about the Agenda.
- Anil wanted to dig in on the Progress with GPUs this meeting.
- Anil asked if anyone had any issues or feedback for the steering committee.
- Greg believes there is an unresolved matter around the Cloudmos proposal.
- Max is not on the call today. 
- Project list has been updated by Anil after the last steering committee meeting. Anil does not think that anything needs to change at this point.
- Anil asked Max what his thoughts are for the proposal. 
- Max plans to revisit the Cloudmos proposal soon.
- Max asked which projects should be funded. 
- Greg reiterated that there needs to be low waste of funds for smaller asks so there is little work.
- Steering Committee is just designed to throw their approval behind a proposal. 
- Greg wants Cloudmos to be more specific about deliverables and timelines.
- Max mentioned that it is still early in the network development. There is going to be overlaps for some projects like with Console. Max thinks it is positive competition. 
- Greg mentioned that there should be a public discussion about Cloudmos and Akash Console doing the same thing.
- Greg wants Max and Cloudmos to put a few projects in the discussion between meetings to push Cloudmos forward. 


### Progress of Projects

- AuthZ is currently on pause right now.
- GPU support is the second topic of discussion. It has been discussed that 
- There are no significant issues with the current GPU testnet, but it is a really small pool. 
- Overclock Labs has talked about extending the GPU testnet by 2-3 weeks. 
- Overclock Labs also talked about doing a hackathon to match workloads with providers. 
- Zach and Anil are working on models for users to test. 
- Overclock Labs wants to extend the testnet,
- Greg talked about 2 incentives. There will be incentives for providers to come onto the Akash Network GPU Testnet.
- The second incentive is a hackathon to grow demand. This will test our the network and generate buzz leading into the network.
- Greg talked about a working group to run these 2 projects. 
- Andrew Mello brought up that the spec does not support a way to choose by model or memory so that multiple cards can work under 1 provider.
- Miners do not have GPU rigs that are all the same. There should be pricing for the specific model in the testnet. 
- Artur mentioned that the GPU filtering will be ready next week, and it will be part of the future Testnet. 
- Anil mentioned 3 things that need to be developed before GPUs go on mainnet:
1. Upgrade testing using CI (GH actions).
2. Implementing GPU attributes.
3. Provider migration command.

- There needs to be a command for providers to migrate more easily. 
- Andrew Mello reiterated that pricing is important for the bid pricing script.
- Adam Wozney mentioned that there is hackathon working group. 
- Adam Wozney mentioned that the Akash Hackathon that has been approved by Community Pool is about 1 month away. 
- The Akash Hackathon working group is meeting the next two weeks. 
- Anil mentioned that the GPU hackathon will be around getting tenants to deploy different AI workloads on providers and there will metrics. 
- Artur reminded the community that Nvidia GPUs but more manufacturers will be available soon. 
- There are no technical blockers for GPU providers to be brought on. 
- Andrew Mello mentioned that the low end would be 1080 tis.
- Jigar mentioned that Praetor is working on content moderation and helm chart updates.
- Luna mentioned that the client libraries are ready to go. The libraries are on hold until the mainnet upgrade.
- Luna mentioned that the migration for docs is almost done. 
- Next week Hackathon working group will set up roles and timelines.
- In two weeks wg-akash-hackathon will select different tracks for the hackathon.
- Gateway to Cosmos is the only event left in Q2 2023 for Events 2023.
- Adam is going to put out another community pool request for Q3 2023.
- Adam mentioned that only 25% of budget was used for Consensus 2023.
- Overclock Labs hosted a DeML event during Consensus in Austin
- Greg mentioned that all folks should really think about how to spend.
- Greg wants to also see the impact of the events in a post mortum write up. 
- DeML meeting in Consensus went very well.
- [Akash Whitepaper](https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmVwsi5kTrg7UcUEGi5UfdheVLBWoHjze2pHy4tLqYvLYv) is turning Five Years old on May 13.
- Greg mentioned that there is an NFT drop on Saturday to all that want to celebrate the whitepaer turning 5. 
- Hewi mentioned that the sheet will be public soon and shows how community pool tokens are liquidated and how funds are spent for events. 



### Action Items

- Artur will update the GPU testnet to enable provider attributes.
- Overclock Labs team will share tracker for wg-events-2023.
- Community to brainstorm on how to maximize Whitepaper 5th Year Anniversary.
- Adam Bozanich will talk about stable payments.
- Max and Cloudmos will make a new version of their proposal.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to the fourth Monthly Steering Committee meeting. UM, There's a typical agenda that we normally go through. We go through the project lists and then various CIGS and working groups can talk about things that they are working on. I know this past month has been a very busy time. Amongst many of the CIGS. I know SIG, documentation, and Luna, Luna and Christ. Search team have been doing a lot of work around docs 2.0 and having some working group sessions there. The prey to our team. After receiving funding from, the community pool, has given update the most recent provider meeting about the progress that they're making as their continuing to work on the helm charts and moderation API from the Spec coming out of the Working Group content. Moderation, again, a month. Number of other things that have been happening across. May the six and working groups. So, thank you everybody for all the hard work this month. But without further ado, I'll be taking notes in the background and I'll pass it off to

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler. Hey everyone, I'm going to go ahead and share my screen so we can get going with this and not keep everyone here for really long time. Awesome. So hopefully my screen comes up now. Yeah. So as Tyler said, we typically go through three main things on this meeting, we review discuss and address any community feedback, we review the projects list, reprioritized things if necessary. And then open it up for any questions or questions from anybody on the course. So one of the things I wanted to do today a little bit more deeper is and it'll come up as part of the project list is, I wanted to begin a little bit in terms of understanding the progress on the testnet for GPUs and where we are in that with that, and what we can do going forward to make sure that it is successful in the GPU launch a successful. So, that's kind of the things that that I had on my agenda here.

Anil Murty:  Um I think what I dig into the projects list, I want to give everybody a chance to, you know. Talk about any feedback, anything any topics that they want to bring up? Anything that you know have not worked well month or since we met last time or any sort of, you know, conflicts anything at all that maybe wants to bring up give a couple of minutes to see if anybody has any of those.

Anil Murty:  No, I didn't raise your hand or submit a or, you know, somebody something a chat if you have anything in terms of feedback for for the steering committee.

Greg Osuri: I, And unresolved. issue with Was funding, I did. Give my feedback and

Greg Osuri: That went online. Was not. Did. Our brother feedback. So I was very clear on You know, my support as a student committee. Of course. Didn't, you know? Is. Know. Validators vote on the proposal. But I was wondering if

Greg Osuri: Max is. on the call for To. It is on the progress on. On the About on the proper. Based on a feedback.

Greg Osuri: Is not here. I would imagine he abandoned the And we can move forward.

Anil Murty: Yeah, it doesn't look like Max's on and yeah, there is something I was wondering about as well. I was hoping that Max would be on here and we could talk about whether he's planning to resubmit a proposal with a more broken down. Stages and and, you know, smaller amounts of funding for each stage, but it doesn't look like Max's. Yeah. I don't know anybody else have any? Yeah, good Andrew.

Andrew Mello: I just pinged him, I see if he jumps in.

Greg Osuri: Okay, that sounds good.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Greg Osuri: Let's move on to the next. Adam. That.

Anil Murty:  Okay, I guess nobody else has any feedback that they want to bring up.

Anil Murty:  Oh, okay. So going to the projects list here. Last time we went to this in pretty great detail. We talked about every single project here and also pre prioritize things, I made changes to this right after that meeting. After the March Steering Committee meeting so we didn't have a meeting in April. We were gonna have one last week. We moved it because lots of files were out and a conference. And with other things. So this is the next meeting. And so, most of this is prioritized, I don't think there's anything that needs to change here. but, you know, Please speak up. If you think that something needs to change, I'm just going to go over over the main ones that are in progress right now and talk through them. But at any point, if somebody feels like something is missing from this list or the order of things needs to be changed, please speak up or Um, you know, submit feedback in the chat.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  So the first one here is console, authorized Spencerport. This is kind of on pause right now because the effort and console is on trying to get GPUs and RPC support right now. And that's kind of part of second. The second thing here. Hey Max, thanks for joining as well. But yeah, so that's kind of number one. The second one is GPU support and this is where I want to spend a little more time talking about how things are going on this. So, just to recap for people that are not super familiar with what's going on here is Essentially, we added support for GPUs within the core code base. Author was primarily leading this effort. And launched a testnet on this about three weeks ago. I want to say at this point.

Anil Murty:  And the initial intention or the initial thinking was that we would run this test for about three weeks. And then, at that point, we would evaluate and see if we're ready to go to a minute or what we should do with that point. So some of us synced up internally and I kind of wanted to open up that same discussion in this forum as well. So essentially where we are right now, I'm going to click on this so we can actually go and look at because all of this is documented publicly as well. Here is a, you know, sort of testnet progress thing that Tyler and others of subredded. Essentially, what we did is we did a inventory of all the GPU providers that have been spun up on the testnet right now.

Anil Murty:  And this is kind of that list lists out the specific providers, as well as the types of GPUs that are on there and the quantity. So it's on the one hand. It's great that so far that has been successful deployments of GPU providers And as far as I know, there are no significant issues reported from these deployments. But correct me if I'm missing something here. All that is great and huge kudos to author as well as everybody else that was involved in getting this done. The bigger concern though, is that this is a really small pool. It's a small pool both in terms of being able to get a significant amount of testing within the testnet. and it's also a small pool in terms of being able to go out and make a splash when we get to maintain it and, you know, be able to announce GPU support

Anil Murty:  So essentially the challenge right now is what we want to do is we want to try to get a lot more providers onto this testnet in the next we could do. And so one of the things that we discussed is potentially delaying the completion of this testnet by two or three weeks and working on number one, getting more providers on to this testnet. And then number two, is potentially running a HACKATHON of sorts where, you know, once we have a sense for the types of providers we can get in the next week or so. We would then run a hack. We would then plan a HACKATHON, maybe, you know, two or three weeks out where we would try to get people to deploy AI models onto these GPU providers. And try to do, sort of a matching of, you know, type of AI model with the resources that are available.

Anil Murty:  We started working on a spreadsheet. This morning, Zach, I can myself for kind of collaborating on this, but we'll open it up generally as well, but we're kind of various models according to the categories that they fit into trying to find open source, repositories, where these models are available and people can take advantage of them to deploy and run on cash providers. So that's kind of an effort we're starting right now with the intention that, you know, potentially we could run this as a HACKATHON. What it would do is essentially Due to things. Number one, it would validate that the testnet is working and surface, any bugs, if they exist. Number two, it will generate demand and interest for akash GP providers. And number three would give us content for being able to do a proper launch of GPUs on the mainland.

Anil Murty:  I know I said a lot of things there. I'm going to pause this. See if anybody has any other thoughts questions, other feedback, things that are missed in terms of the status of the destiny right now.

Greg Osuri: so, to just, By Anil. So we're Do. A. Sort of incentiv. And incentivize activities, right? First is going to be like doing a Like inside. We did with a You know, the occasion. Are we're able to A lot of developers, a lot of providers using the testnet. you know, your product thinking of Something in the, You know, we One of the good. I'm now. Is. us to

00:10:00

Greg Osuri: Thousands of miners. To some of our part. You know. Interact with a lot of eat miner. So, Meet miners, have GPUs? It's not assume it's a lot of data actually. We do know that they have GPUs. Going to reach them. And I think there's a way for us to get these. Address. So we can actually reach them. Buy them to participate in the testnet in exchange for some tokens. so, there's some incentive for them to like, you know, to give Cash network, right? And Once we have a sufficient, You know. Lord of GPUs will do. A. On on the demand side to attract the Once we launch Mainnet, it won't be just GPUs but It will have the supply and Demand. And a buzzing network. because GPUs are apps are biggest, sort of like, Milestone, you know.

Greg Osuri: always being about GPUs from from, a very long time and this, We feel is a because, Now. For something in the market. Really. So that's that's the plan. If anyone has any Thoughts suggestions. Are now the Talk.

Anil Murty: Yep. Thanks for the stating it. So clearly that's exactly what it is. Those two things, there's number one finding more providers and you know Internet advising them to get on this network. And then number two, running a HACKATHON so that we can generate enough buzz as well as test out the providers and deployments before we go to mean it.

Greg Osuri: We wanted to. I also want to promote a proposed doing this HACKATHON, in a little Different way before it was prim. Overclock labs doing end-to-end right? You know, promoting everything, but now we have a community. So I want to do a working group. To run these test. Well as hackathons of course a working group will be comprised of community as well as Outlook employees and other. Tired. And if you want to partake and organizing these two events, please let us know as well.

Andrew Mello: I'll go first, sure, thanks Greg for the update on that and it's really exciting to see the GPUs are now in testnet. This is great for me. Personally, one of the stumbling blocks that I've had is that right now. The current spec as I understand, it does not support mixing cards underneath a single provider. So the example would be You know, you have a 30 60, a 30 90, a 30 80 and and you know kind of a grab bag of cards right now, it's my understanding testnet, we don't support a way to choose by model and we don't support a way to choose by memory. And I think those those two things would would be really, really important to get into testnet. And during the stage because when it comes to scaling up,

Andrew Mello:  In terms of my experience and mining and background, you know, finding minors or large amount of GPUs that are all the same is going to be a pretty uphill battle. Um, you know, particularly with minors who have been, you know, collecting GPUs year over year

Andrew Mello:  It would be really, really nice to see that we get pricing for memory and for the model specifically would be great in the testnet and and, you know, potentially before Mainnet because it's going to be really hard to set up providers with with just one type of GPU and just to finish there on my reality. You know, I, I could set up a provider right now with maximum about five GPUs of one type, but I'm being held back from really turning on 25 GPUs. Because again, I, you know, again, collected over many years and have all different kinds of hardware. So, I think a lot of people are gonna be in that same boat.

Greg Osuri: Wait, wait, are you saying that you cannot select a CPUs, as a tenant. like I like To. Yes, you're saying that I cannot select A100 versus an h100.

00:15:00

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Andrew Mello: Right now,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Andrew Mello: you can only request an Nvidia GPU from the provider, not. I want a 30 60, or I want a 30 80 or I want a specific model. So then it means you need to build the provider with all the same type of GPU because you can only price it as one thing. It's an nvidia.

Anil Murty: Right, soâ€¦

Artur Troian: Process your major jump in on that.

Anil Murty: if I can jump

Artur Troian: They'll be. Yeah, so that's correct. The GPU filtering will be available in next week. um, and that will be part of the, this new So right right now. Yeah as soon as the The only GPU units specified. There's no way to filter by GPU type.

Anil Murty: Yeah. And so just to I don't know what other said and this is another reason for why we would like to delay the Testnet. Completion date is basically there are three things we would like to do from a development standpoint before we go to main. It number one is what we just talked about what we generally refer to as supporting attributes within for GPUs. So today there's no attribute. There's no way to specify attributes for GPUs, when, you know, creating a deployment SDL. So that's number one. The second one is,

Artur Troian: Yeah, in terms of filtering from the 10 side, as well as what provider, can specify on the Monday declare attributes. So for now, at least for the next president, there will be only option to filter by the model not by memory. There are a couple reasons for that. Number one, is the Data Center GPUs. They are pretty much standardized on what type of map. What amount of money they have.

Artur Troian:  In terms of consumer GPUs lost I would say rtx 30 and yes 4g thousand series. They all more or less advertised on the memory sizes. So if you specify RDX let's say 37g the memory size is going to be all over the same all over the vendors. Um, we will, we are thinking about making the different options, you know, inspired the memory size and some other things. However, there will be covered as a part of new provider attributes that we are still thinking on and hopefully sometimes, when we will be able to expand that.

Greg Osuri: In. A 100. Already as a different model year 180, right, there's no flexible memory on. Chips. You want to get six chips. So

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrew Mello: So, an example, just just of the memory situation on a 360, right? There's two models. You can have a 360 with six gigabytes or 30 60 with 12 gigabytes. So that's why I,â€¦

Greg Osuri: Correction.

Andrew Mello: you know, there are chips out there and model types that have mixed memory. And then finally, just my last comment is to bring it back to pricing, right? So providers, who are putting this this hardware on the network? One of the first things we want to. Be able to set up is pricing for the models that they're bringing online underneath their cluster. So arts are just reminding, you know, again, we're those calls for pricing are going to be important too, for for being able to link that to the bit engine script.

Artur Troian: Yeah, but the big engines script is up to the provider what they want to, so it's not up to the akash how the bid script works, right? So provider, will be able to pull different beats things. Build options for different GPUs.

Andrew Mello: Perfect. Yep. Yep. I was just looking to make sure the 3060 can be priced different than a 30 90, right? That's yeah. Thank you.

Greg Osuri: Al. The. left meeting Adam, you

Anil Murty: Adam wasn't good. Yep.

Anil Murty: Stevie lose him as well.

Adam Wozney: Oh sorry. I thought I mean. Can you guys hear me? Okay cool.

Anil Murty: Yes.

Adam Wozney: So yeah in regards to the HACKATHON, totally on board. With that idea we actually have a HACKATHON working group under way, right now we put up a governance proposal budget's been approved. So right now we're at the point of selecting community support individuals for running workshops scheduling workshops, finding other sponsors for HACKATHON tracks and marketing. The HACKATHON The biggest question mark was like, What would tracks be? And this is kind of one of the things that we wanted to plug into the HACKATHON is GPUs. So, In terms of where that stands right now next week Monday or Tuesday. I believe we're having our working group call to select roles from community members to help support organizing and putting together the HACKATHON and then also at Timeline

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  If I had to put a rough number on when we think the HACKATHON would be ready to go live. We're, you know, accepting applications. The HACKATHON tracks have been selected. It's probably gonna be about a month off. I don't know if that fits within the timeline what you're thinking for this. I it seems like it might not be, but putting all these pieces together will take a little bit of time. So, I just wanted to kind of mention that as something to note.

Greg Osuri: get fits the timeline like we Obviously. Wise. The supply before the demand, right? It doesn't work the other way, right? So by We go ahead with the HACKATHON. We should have. Shouldn't. Active for for machine. like, Roads to actually use a car. So I think it fits about the timeline

Adam Wozney: Perfect cool.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just to just I don't know what Greg said. Basically the next two weeks at high level the next two two weeks or so is going to be as focusing heavily on trying to get more providers on. So it'll be kind of on two tracks. One is Hitting up, everybody that regardless of what type of GPU, they have, what GPU they have. As long as it's an Nvidia GPU, we want it on the network. It doesn't matter if it's a continuity GPU, It doesn't matter if it's legacy. I mean, if it's Data Center, Great, but if not anything works, get those on to the onto the network. As long as the Nvidia and then separately, We're going to be We're talking with Data Center partners as well. Just try to see if you can onboard them if required with some incentives and then so, you know, I would think that, you know, there'll be some logistics in terms of planning for the hackathons, I could probably take a week. So we're tentatively looking at, you know, three to four weeks out which I think it's your timeline.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, perfect. Next week is gonna be selection of community support roles and the timeline. And then the week after was, when I was planning on, starting to think through what the HACKATHON tracks will be. And that's when we'll have a working group call, which obviously everyone here is invited to and the whole community. And then once we have those tracks like figured out, then it's really execution, We'll have the timeline, we'll have the people that are supporting. Well, the HACKATHON tracks are going to be and then it's gonna be promoting it and getting people to sign up. So yeah, I think I would put a rough timeline around a month is when this would kick off, but I'm just wanted to put that out there too.

Anil Murty: Yep. And so for the very first HACKATHON track, I guess I'll say that. You know. Plan for something, which is basically involving giving people a bunch of AI models that are open source and available and github and having them deploy them onto these providers that have GPUs and then tracking a few metrics around ease of deployment. Time it takes to deploy and time. It takes to run inference. And in some cases, fine, tuning. That's kind of the first Okay.

Adam Wozney: Perfect. I'll seeâ€¦

Adam Wozney: what I can do.

Anil Murty: I was inâ€¦

Anil Murty: who other.

Anil Murty: Whether you?

Artur Troian: So it was new to. Yeah just one reminder about the what kind of GPUs we support. So first of all, we start with Nvidia but it doesn't mean that the not going to support any other renders in the future, it just way easier for us to focus on one. Vendor for number of reasons like a driver support provider side and so forth. Another thing about to mention about specifically Nvidia GPUs is Well. I'm trying to say that we are, we are supporting as much as we can. However, the what GPU Families. are supported is actually depend on the driver that we install and the driver obviously is what particular repository.

Artur Troian:  Courses is installing for the conversion. So, for example, if that's gonna be like Debian Repository is going to be something lightest, we have all this check. He The given family if it's quite old supported through the particular driver. Otherwise it's going to be some unique about.

00:25:00

Greg Osuri: Yeah, so the technically no limit. Some. Know, GPUs Akash can support. Really comes down to the provider. Providing GPUs. Drivers. all the so, Is. An emphasizer. Mello.

Andrew Mello: Yeah Arthur just a support where you're saying there in my experience, you know, 1080 TI's are kind of going to be our our lower end. We're not going to see much below that it's an 11 gigabyte card. So it's still relevant for the AI workloads and and is supported on modern CUDA, you know, and still fine.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Anybody else have any questions? Concerns thoughts about the plan at high level going forward for the next four weeks or so?

Andrew Mello: Just just one last point of clarity so Arthur. It sounds like there's going to be a new release rolling that will support attributes with the model name within a week or so a couple weeks on the testnet.

Andrew Mello:  Awesome.

Andrew Mello:  That Changes a Lot from a Provider Build Perspective, Right? If we're building with, just trying to put everything all one machine of one type of GPU versus again. Now, I know I can bring online at least 25 GPUs one, one set updates, ready?

Anil Murty: Excellent. Awesome. So that's GPU Test net and general GPU updates. I don't want to go through every single item on this list because we did that last time but does anybody that is leading or working on one of these other things want to chime in on progress? Maybe? I don't know Luna and Team if you're on the call or create our team. If you guys

Anil Murty:  Good.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So on a content moderation. Yeah we are working on it so it's in implementation stage and we'll also bring the helm upgrade to Predator as well. That's update.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Any blockers or issues or things that prevent you from making problems? Okay.

Jigar Patel: Are not right now. Yeah, but yeah, I got the great support from Scott and Team. So whenever we have some issue, we reach out to them.

Anil Murty:  Amazing. And then Luna. Please go ahead.

Joao Luna: Yeah, hello. So regarding the client libraries, we have everything ready. We are holding back on releasing because we are relying. We are already using the latest Version of the Akash network chord base. So until that is released, we can't really release the libraries. So yeah, we are kind of holding back. They will live together with the GPU upgrade. Regarding the documentation, we should start playing how we will roll out.

Joao Luna:  The migration is almost complete. We have addressed, most of the concerns regarding design and the first version of the documentation it's close to being ready to to be generally available. So we should start playing out how we will want.

Anil Murty: Very cool. Thank you for those updates. Adam Wozney. Did you want to talk anything more about events in and other things that you've been working on?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, for sure. So I kind of gave an update on the HACKATHON. So, next week, we're gonna be selecting Community roles for support, both marketing it, and managing the community, and discord, and helping set up events for it, and then the timeline. And then the week after we're gonna start working on HACKATHON tracks. So you're all invited those calls, they're in the discord channel, on the event side. We are, we have one event that's in the docket that's been approved as a part of the Q2 governance proposal, it would have Cosmos. It's about a month away in Prague CBD on all of what that looks like. Right now, I'm just starting to reach out to community members. We have a working group called Next week to this figure out if we want to go to this, if we don't want to go Who'd want to be there and what roles they'd want to take? So, if you guys are interested in participating in that, join the Working Group call next week. But the big thing I'm thinking about is there's about two weeks worth of events happening in Europe, both in Berlin and, in Paris around Ethereum, and around Cosmos,

Adam Wozney:  So I'm starting to reach out to some of those organizers of those events figuring out how Akash can plug into the activities and trying to see what side activities. There are going to be taking place both on the sponsorship level and just on the speaking level So, the working group called Next week that we have for events is when we're going to be discussing all of that stuff so. Oh, last note is I'm gonna start working on a Q3 governance proposal for funding for events. It's preliminarily approved through the governance proposal. We put out about two or three weeks ago, but we're gonna be doing that quarterly to request budget from the community pool for those upcoming events. Um, yeah, so that's kind of where those things are at any questions on events or HACKATHON.

00:30:00

Greg Osuri: now, I'd love to Slumber. We do have. Proposal right. um, or Discuss.

Adam Wozney: Yep. The the proposal, the budget, the events. The community is kind of selected for us to attend in. Oh, can you hear me? Oh, gotcha.

Greg Osuri: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: Okay, Cool. Yeah, it's all on github discussions, the proposal you can check it out on Minskan. What's been approved? There's a spreadsheet for how much these events should cost. If we look at consensus as an example, we only spent 25% of our budget for that event, which is good. We kind of overestimated for most of these events because it's not a perfect science. You don't know what you're gonna get plugged into and what you can get involved in. So, I expect that most of these events, the budget, that's a part of it will be way under what we're actually requesting and that money just goes right back into the community pool. But yeah, that's all public and available. You can and I can ping you that stuff if you want to check it out. A little more.

Greg Osuri: And what about the? And how? And all the all those reports are they available online as well.

Adam Wozney: He yes. So Scott has actually been working on kind of a tracker. It has charts and graphs and what we spent money on for each of these events that you can review. I think we're planning on putting that public this week orâ€¦

Greg Osuri: Okay.

Adam Wozney: maybe next week. I think it's basically ready to go but it has. Yep. It has what we're budgeted and what our actual spend is for each of those events and the items within those events.

Greg Osuri:  Great. Let's also be Very mindful. out how much you requesting, because, Looks. Actually. Ending, which is good. We keep keep doing that. Doing understanding. We'll try to optimize. I was very impressed with the DM. A meetup. We did. Consensus, very low cost, really good. Turnaround, we had like 50 to 60 people. That came to the event, really high. We had. Analysts from Idg, Idg is one of the Analyst. From Enterprise software, you know? up there with, for and Gartner, they're going to A special category for. In Idg under Cloud. I mean, very rare for idg to create a Sorry. Impressed with everything. happening with Machine learning and G. To, and they came.

Greg Osuri: So it's these events are actually working out. Incredible results. We Hosted. you know, we also had To attract a lot of decentralized. Protocols. A legit ones, especially Big T. And Jensen. And several other decentralized protocols that are funded and and way out there, To this events as well. So, The results are incredible. A lot. I mean, I know you're doing a write-up. Agency, the write-up that you did Adam. So I think it'll be really good for us to not only just post their budget, but the impact we got out of this events and the follow-up. so that the community is, you know, Community can see the impact, as well as. Give feedback. How we can improve? And what we can do better. And what area? What other Events we can do, right? I would love.

Greg Osuri: Immunity feedback and involvement there, but thank you. Much for referring incredible job.

Adam Wozney: Cool. Yeah, thanks. And really, I give a lot of the thanks to the community. They're the ones helping kind of select these events and figuring out. What we're gonna do there. I'm just, I'm just the Sherpa.

Greg Osuri: And also a quick. About community events. We do have Is a white paper, fifth anniversary coming up. This 13th. paper was Was published on March. Overclock Lab. Talking. About. Super Cloud the idea. Super Cloud. for context, i Please. Google, what Super cloud is and you see a lot of lot of You know, attention. Right now, for Supercloud, but we were one of the original people. you know, the idea of a super in our, Five years ago, right? I mean the Eddie by Cornell. 3. 15. That we really took. Concept. And kind of like expanded on on the concept by The marketplace component whatnot and it's blowing up, right? So we should Only leverage that our position.

00:35:00

Greg Osuri: is the Anniversary. I want to do something special so I have I don't working on. on a Nft. Drop. essentially, I want to, I think it'll be cool to just give like You know. Super Cloud. Super 5 kind of NFT is like T is minted. To people that. Essentially. Right.

Greg Osuri: you know, so some some idea been working out Acquire. I mean, this is Overclock Lab. You know, designer. but I think, we can, you know, for people that are going to attend this event, Online. Or something should get. Have to drops. And as an as a, as a so, you know, as a record

Greg Osuri: As a historical record that you came to the Anybody. Thoughts on how we can like, maximize this. Eventually elected. Love to hear as well.

Anil Murty: Super cool. Awesome. I know Adam you referenced that Hugh, he was working on some charts and stuff, I don't know. He wanted to add anything more to that or not. At this time. Didn't want to put your spot but if there's anything else you want to add, you feel good.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean it's just basically, it's just a breakdown of, you know, flights meals sponsorship. And then, you know, I threw in live feeds like the wallet balances. So you can so everyone can track transparently. What we got through wallets obviously would be, you know, liquidating. So you can see how we're doing that trying to do it responsibly and you know, when markets are down, we won't so, Yeah. Hopefully hopefully get that out public soon.

Anil Murty: Awesome. And then let's see. Anybody else want to jump in on anything else that's in progress or anybody have any questions about some of the things that we have not touched on? I don't know. Adam Bozanich. Did you want to talk about any of the stuff that on the statement side or anything at all?

Adam Bozanich: No, I'm good. I think next time I'll have more updates.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Anil Murty:  Great.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Yeah,â€¦

Andrew Mello: Max, Max did. Join us earlier on call.

Anil Murty: you'll switch back to one of things. So, with the very first thing that Greg brought up, and I think many of us were wondering about as well. Max's. Like what what kind of your plans with the proposal that you submitted? We would, you know, obviously still want to talk to work with you to figure out a way to make that happen.

Max: Hey, everyone. Currently the plan is not very clear to what we're going to do with the proposal. Exactly. Because We receive like a bunch of feedback during the steering committee, which wasn't very clear. Exactly. Well, the previous meeting with wasn't very clear, exactly? What was Expected, I guess or yeah, there's a bunch of expectations but some of the issues that was brought were addressed, but I feel like there are well, yeah, expectations were not aligned with what we are proposing. So right now it's just a bit on the ice. For now, but

Max:  That was a planning on like revisiting this soon, but yeah, and

Greg Osuri: Can you be a little more? A. What part exactly was confusing. Not clear.

Max: And I wasn't prepared for this, but I guess.

Max:  I guess the part that was clear, was that and you guys are expecting a smaller. Smaller proposal more defined by project. and less like, A long-term. To a quarter quarter by quarter, I guess. And Project Timeline. the thing that wasn't theory was I guess, which projects you guys see adding value or not, or which of the projects that yeah, do don't pass in terms of

00:40:00

Max:  How you see which projection should be funded? So yeah.

Greg Osuri: It's not over which project should be funded. It's about how do we avoid reputation? Work. In. That if Working on a certain part that adds to the ecosystem. We don't want another project to to work on. so, you need sure, there is, you know, stage of Of funds. And in order for that to happen. Give you a blanket. Do whatever. Highlight. Then we all know that things. So rapidly and things. Have to change right in order for us. The success. so, From the steering. Not. and Committee to Support, we don't rejected or I, you know, anything student committee doesn't have any control over. Are the? Go. Proposal or not in order for the student. To go publicly support this proposal, that matches.

Greg Osuri: Requirements. We To be able to be a lot more specific on the Right. What we are Requ? Is let's you can club the project. Into a single proposal, you don't have to. like put a different proposal for each project, but I think every time you put something instead of Saying that I want money for 12 months. We want to be like, okay, I want to add Particular project. And The expectations for this project, these are the deliver. For the project. And we need x amount of dollars for this project, you can put two three projects in a single proposal and be very, very clear on the deliverables. So that their deliverable Be reviewed. A. Article in each steering committee. Bas. The feedback. Giv. If you give a blanket, like I'm going to do As in 12 months. Nothing.

Greg Osuri: Accountability for that is going to be ext. Hard and like I was holding. Was in. ball in the student committee about like, okay, you request On someone exact. Free. How this? Are for spent exactly the impact. these funds and before we, you know, before student committee sort of like Lose weight or appro. Behind another. All we want to see all this stuff, right? So, Want to take the same approach. Every. Funding Proposal. The steering committee has of course, I mean, if the community You know. A graceful student committee and goes and approves a, A proposal. All that sports. And there's nothing we can do about it, but we You know, we Would like to have. More align. Of message, right? So that's really the ask. More specific. About deliverables and the timel. The data. You understand? Differ. You could be delayed by months or whatnot. so that's, you're not going to be

Greg Osuri: You know. End point because you missed a timeline, but I think it really about. Avoiding. Flex. Actually, the key that Achieve.

Max: Yeah, I understand I guess for the the part that you said about not working on the same project and like, community funded projects, it's kind of a bit hard thing to do, I guess, especially when it's like In. Well, it's not early but I feel like it's early in terms of like the Networks development of. projects that add value, especially from the client side or like the clients that use a cash and of course there's going to be like overlaps and some of the stuff. Take console. For example, it's like we're I feel like we're working on the same things that like

Max:  To where it's the same. Go I guess, but it's good in a sense that it's a positive competitive competition competition. It could be.

Greg Osuri: It's not like that. In. there's a conflict from Console and Co, Once we want, Was that? Want. As the. Few minutes. Public. Right, exactly why we have. These public meetings, right?

Greg Osuri: Station. The discussion. Doesn't. To be rooted in Meritracy. Then we have a problem. but, The fact that You know. Discussion is happening publicly should give you confidence that. merit, or Over biases. And Very, very important.

Max: Yeah, sure.

00:45:00

Max:  So yeah, I guess we can. make a new version of the proposal, with the projects that I guess, we'll see which ones are conflicted or which one turned out or

Max: Yeah, we'll see. I don't know, exactly. But yeah.

Greg Osuri: I don't really do wait for Student committee of nothing just like. Take. Three projects put that in discuss. You, you are almost there. the with the last proposal in terms of projects, but please Community. Will. able to like, you know, let's work on like a More. As them to

Max:  Sure. Thanks.

Greg Osuri:  and by the way, Urban shipping the testnet capability. It's awesome.

Anil Murty: Awesome. I think that kind of wraps things up for today. Does anybody have any general topics that they want to bring up questions concerns? before we had June for the day,

Anil Murty:  Okay, let's drop and go ahead of.

Tyler Wright: Cool very quickly. Um, thank you all again, who joined today. Um, but the steering committee There was a special interest group of around deployments that had one meeting in January. And then it was decided, that that group may not be necessary the group, the deployments participants has said that they would come back in a couple of months and determine if that group needed to continue. I just want to see if that group can be archived and we have enough special interest groups of working groups. Going that can be archive. Deployments.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I thought we already archived it, but I hope we can go ahead and do that. I think it is from my perspective.

Tyler Wright:  Perfect. So we'll do that officially Does anyone else have anything they want to talk about before? I'll be closed out this fourth steering committee meeting.

Tyler Wright:  Cool again. Thank you all for joining notes. Will the update? There's a PR around them right now and what the recording and transcript will be available soon. But thank you all for participating. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day again, if you need it. If you have any thoughts about GPUs, please join the working group GPU Discord Channel where you can find information about how to set up a provider. I'm just get involved in the conversation as we continue to push that forward. But thank you all again, everyone have a great day.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright: And bye.

Greg Osuri: Everybody.

Meeting ended after 01:01:43 ðŸ‘‹

