
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #5

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- Next steps for wg-GPUs and GPU Testnet.
- Demo from Luna regarding Docs 2.0.
- Open up to any other questions from the participants.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, May 25, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://gx6ojxwsudf2y42om4rpsotbbyd2iluasgkfrudrr4b6ktdirxvq.arweave.net/Nfzk3tKgy6xzTmci-TphDgekLoCRlFjQcY8D5Uxojes)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Andrew Mello
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Ivan Timakhovich (Stakewolle)
- Javier Suarez
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tony Stark
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zack Gow


## Notes

- Anil kicked off the meeting by talking about the agenda for this steering committee meeting.
- Anil mentioned that the Github discussions should be a topic for the future.
- Anil asked if there were any issues with Akash Community Groups.
- Anil walked through the project list.
- Luna gave a demo on the docs 2.0. 
- Anil mentioned that there are some discussions for a new indexer. You can find the [proposal here](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/234).
- Anil mentioned that the proposal in discussions will be open source.



### Progress of [Projects](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/projects-list/README.md)

- Anil mentioned that GPU Support is the biggest thing. GPU Testnet is the biggest project right now, being handled by many teams across the community. 
- Anil mentioned that Artur is working on support GPU attributes. This will allow a user to deploy on specific types of GPUs from a provider.
- Anil mentioned there is work happenning in the clients to help with changes.
- Anil mentioned that there is a plan for a comprehensive GPU Testnet. There is a document with a [GPU Testnet plan](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/229).
- There are two phases. First phase is to build supply and build SDLs.
- Phase two will focus on testing SDLs and benchmark GPUs.
- There are various tasks for each phase. 
- Anil asked if there are any questions related to GPU Testnet?
- Greg talked about the two personas for GPU testnet. 
- Providers and AI developers are the two personas. 
- The testnet will help understand some of the problems and how to solve the problems with AI workloads.
- The goal is to stress test the code and the network.
- Andrew G asked if the GPU Testnet is successful, when would the mainnet upgrade happen?
- Anil answered that the mainnet upgrade should happen in the next 45-60 days, unless there are major issues.
- Andrew Mello asked if the new GPU testnet will support provider attributes. Anil reiterated
- Praetor team is going to support setting up a GPU provider. They gave a demo yesterday at sig-providers.
- Praetor deployed the code to prod today for setting up a GPU Provider in the Testnet.
- Andrew Mello talked about some content moderation tooling that he is working on. Andrew is trying to get this online over the next couple of days.
- Adam Bozanich has been working on Take rate. Initial tests have passed. 
- Take rate will be apart of the GPU Testnet; in the background.
- Economics 2.0 should be moved into Implentation.
- Cheng asked if there should be incentives for testing take rates in the GPU Testnet. 
- Anil mentioned that if we want to add testing in for take rate it will delay the testnet start. There needs to be work on the clients side.
- Andrew G. asked if take rate should be apart of this testnet. 
- Adam made it clear that this should be a beta release. The chain element works, but other parts of the experience need to be more useable. 
- Artur mentioned that take rate will be supported in the chain, but it will be off. There need to be multiple testnets to try with different bridges. 
- Adam Wozney talked about upcoming events. Community reps will be at the events in Europe. 
- Q3 budget proposal for wg-events-2023 is being approved before going on chain as community pool spend. Messari mainnet is a big event in Q3.
- Adam Wozney also talked about Akash Hackathon. This is a community owned hackathon. Registration kicks off June 26th over 2 weeks. 
- The Akash hackathon will run for 1 month. 
- Greg asked if the hackathon will be virtual or in person? Adam Wozney clarified that the hackathon will be digital. 
- Anil gave an update about provider attributes. There is an internal spec being reviewed. If anyone wants access message Anil and he can get early access.


### Docs 2.0 Demo

- Luna shared that not all documentation has not been migrated. 
- There are multiple paths when you first sign on to the new docs site.
- Luna showed off the ability to add the docs in multiple languages.
- Luna showcased the tags, concepts, and various other sections for organizing documentation. 



### Action Items

- Stable-Payments should be moved to implementation.
- Luna will share a link to demo of docs in sig-documentation discord channel. Any one is invited to share any feedback. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to steering committee. Monthly meeting number five, we have a pretty routine agenda. That happens every steering committee. You can track all the steering committee members and previous notes, video, recordings and transcripts in the steering committee. Read me. But there is a couple of there's a demo happening today. So after the Normal Steering Committee, agenda items, there will be a demo from the Christ. Search team led by Luna at a SIG documentation which will be a Doc 2.0 update on the migration work from Get Book to Hugo and some other changes have been happening and sick documentation.

Anil Murty: Thanks Tyler. Hey everybody. Thanks for joining the meeting. go to bed and share my screen, so, We can all be on the same page.

Anil Murty:  so as Tyler said, typically what we do in these calls as we review any feedback from the community about how things are going with the Open Development project in general, Any sort of grievances or conflicts, this is a great time to bring it up. And then we look at project list. So we look at all the projects that are in progress or our prioritized for future development. And we make sure that if there's feedback about the priorities of those projects or any updates that people want to share, this is a good time to do that. If it's fairly high level because we have individual CIGS and work groups for detailed discussions on this projects as well. And then we open it up to questions, so that's typically what we follow. One thing I realized and this is based on the last several meetings that you've had over the last few months.

Anil Murty:  For the steering committee. One thing I realized is that the discussions github discussions, which is basically, you know, usually governance proposals those come up pretty frequently between these standing committee meetings, so it's something that we end up talking about. So I think it makes sense to make it part of their regular agenda and unless there's any objections to that, I think we should just include it in this list of things.

Anil Murty: Any questions about any of that before we dig into the individual to the points here?

Anil Murty:  Cool. Take that as a no. Okay, so let's start with any feedback from the communities. Does anybody have any feedback about how things are going any positive or negative things to share constructive, or otherwise feedback from the community?

Anil Murty:  Cool. Yeah, I think overall things are going pretty well. We've had a fair number of six and were groups running pretty regularly. And appreciate the participation and as well as the leadership that many people from the community have shown towards many of these meetings. So, you know, hopefully people are not shy about reporting any issues, but if there are no issues in, it's awesome. It's great that we're able to run these pretty smoothly and and not have a huge amount of overhead or conflicts and huge kudos to Tyler for running. A lot of these meetings, as well as a few people from the community for planning the meetings as well as for for documenting all the notes. Um, very detailed documentation for all the work groups and the CIGS in Github. So, appreciate all the work there,

Anil Murty:  Cool. Second on the list is typically review the projects list and look at whether things have changed or any updates that people want to share. so here's the Projects list and typically the priority of this talk to bottom and if things have the same priority you can look at them in terms of the state of where the project is, So in terms of what's the, most active right now is obviously GPU support and this is an effort that's happening. Across the board across many different verticals within Akash community. So obviously there's huge amount of effort in the core team primarily led by Arthur on our side to support GPUs.

Anil Murty:  And right now, we obviously have GPU support in the, In the testnet that is available for people to use the next big milestone that that Artur is working on is to support, being able to set up a single provider with different GPU models. So, the way the testnet today runs is that if you want to set up a provider, you'll typically set it up with only one type of video GPU and it's not that you cannot set up a mixed provider. It's just that there is no way for tenants to indicate which GPU they would like to deploy on. And there is a provider with multiple GPU types, multiple entries in it. So what Art is working on is supporting something called GPU attributes within the STL spec. So that tenants can then say, You know, if there's a provider that has a mix of Tesla, we 100, You know, a 100 and 30 90s being able to say I specifically I wanted to deploy on a 30 90 and not on the

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Hundred and be able to get lower pricing for that within the same provider is something that's been worked on. Outside of that, we have work happening in the clients to support GPUs as well as support the TESTNET, as well as support these attributes in the SCL spec, once the changes are done. So all of that is going to happen in the next couple of weeks. And and then subgrade from that all of that, we've been very actively working on coming up with a comprehensive incentivize testnet for GPUs. So, the inside device testnet and you know is going to be probably, I don't know, like I wasn't here for the last two test nets, but I think this is this one's really concrete and so I don't know how it's tax up against the previous ones, but essentially what we're going to have is gonna have To high level phases for the testnet.

Anil Murty:  And the way we are structured, this is that the first phase is kind of going to build the things needed for the second phase. So our goal is to use the first phase to incentivize two groups of people. Incentivize people that are capable of setting up providers with GPUs on them. So that we have a fair number of GPU providers available in phase two, And then the second group of people were going to incentivize and phase one is going to be people that can build sdls with the various AI models. And so, the overall thinking here is phase One would build all that inventory of providers as well as templates. And then phase two people would use those providers and those templates to run, various benchmarking. Measurements for various AI models on the GPUs that are available.

Anil Murty:  And so the overall goal for this is obviously primarily to test all the code changes that have happened within the Testnet before we upgrade mainnet and support all of these in the main, it

Anil Murty:  But a secondary goal is to generate buzz for Akash. So generate bus from our cash and make it sort of the make it well known. That Akash is a prime player in the AI space. I mean we obviously get a lot of traction already as being a significant player in the AI infrastructure space. But what we're hoping is that all the benchmarking efforts that happen as part of this testnet. This will result in some really quality high quality marketing content that we can then take and publish through various marketing channels. And that should generate a huge amount of demand as well as buzz for Akash in general. So that's the general thinking. Each of these two phases, have specific tasks that are part of those phases and this document calls out all the details of those tasks broadly there, you know, setting up a provider building these sdls for various AI models.

Anil Murty:  Then running benchmarking using standard TENSORFLOW. Convoluted neural network. Benchmarking reference applications. and and then deploying just generally a models and will provide, you know, Guidance on what these AM models are. But people are open to know setting up other ones as well.

Anil Murty:  So that's the high level of what's planned for this instead of ice Chestnet. I'm sure people are wondering, like, Can they get access to document? So the answer is yes. And in fact, there's a draft version of this in Apr sitting in Github Right now. I am going to update this based on feedback from the internal team in the next, like literally today. And, and then add in very detailed description of the incentives as well as the challenges this as well. So, here's a spreadsheet that calls out, very clearly, what the different types of challenges are going to be that available for people. What the incentives are going to be depending on the timeline. So you know, if you're a provider, if you're looking to participate in setting up a provider, depending on the type of GPU that you set up, you'll get incentives, and depending on how fast you do it, whether you do it in the first week, the third week, the incentive would be higher or lower.

Anil Murty:  And then similarly for these benchmarking tasks, as well as AM model deployment tasks, it would be incentives associated that I'm working with Cheng in our finance team right now to finalize this. And I'm hoping it'll be finalized this morning. And then once that is done, I will update this PR with any feedback from the team. And also link this spreadsheet, which is going to be open to everyone, look at. So you can expect to see this in the next day. and I said a lot of things there about the GPU project and and the inside device, I want to see if there's any questions or thoughts or concerns anything at all from the community before we talk about the other projects, you

00:10:00

Greg Osuri: How the stacks up against a previous testners for, you know, I was there for all the testnets I think this is the most comprehensive one we've done so far. and, you know, for context we did about

Greg Osuri:  say like, Three tests in total one was pretty launch two or pre-launch and one was post launch. The pre-launch ones allowed us to recruit validators and really fulfill the objective with hyper precision and very very good satisfactory results with by doing the test and we were able to launch the chain. We had about If you added it is in when we launch a chain because we were able to distribute Akt to users, you know, that that were, you know, that new the system pretty well, knew how to use a system. So we're using that experience to design a testament that's more comprehensive much better. And we're doing this in a little different here. From from previous experiences, we have two sort of like

Greg Osuri:  Two, you know personas right? Two different personas one persona is the providers with GPUs or it turns out that a lot of, you know, folks in the in the in the crypto ecosystem with GPUs. So in the understand how to handle GPU Scripture on whatnot and then the second you know, persona is AI developers that don't have an have have no experience dealing with with three or crypto systems. So the real I think goal is to understand the The friction points will potentially face when we launch the mainnet understand how to solve them and do. So it's scale, right? So we're, you know, with the current, you know, we're gonna go master with a test net, of course, that's going to create like a lot of like,

Greg Osuri:  Quote, unquote awareness, you know, within both the the decentralization as well as the non decent AI ecosystems. But real goal is to test this out stressed us stress, test the system and you know, and and test the engagement model and the user journeys as well as to as what kind of friction points will identify and solve them. So that we can have a very successful in it. The code itself is ready as far as I know to, to launch to me in it. Of course. I mean of course the test is gonna unveil a few balls and and and issues that will potential fix. But the code works right now, right? So it's Mainnet ready and and I'm so excited I'm super excited for last time there's you know that the we created the Akash awesome Akash. You know repo right. Awesome Akash depot is born out of a test net and we have hundreds of applications today,

Greg Osuri:  There. So we're expecting similar levels of engagement with this, as well. So and so in, in turns out for some reason, it always these incentivized tests always come right before a bull market. So it last time we did this was right before the bull market kicked off and that gave us quite a lot of like so exposure. And so, you know, it's correlation, not causation, but correlation wise, you can definitely put some put some pattern recognition there, so I'm super excited.

Anil Murty: Awesome, that's really cool. Thanks for that perspective. Greg, any other thoughts from anyone Arthur? Feel free to jump in. Cheng, anybody else or talk anything that I missed about the GPU Test Network GPUs in general.

Anil Murty:  Good Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: You sorry. If like Jessica mentioned, if the test net will be successful. What are the ad that do implemented into the main network? July August. I mean,

00:15:00

Greg Osuri: I mean,…

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: you mean when this testnet is a god,

Anil Murty:  Yes, he's gonna say that. You know, basically. The tentative timeline is we would shoot to start the test net, either on the 5th of June or the 12th of June, and then the test net would go on for about three weeks. So with that time frame in mind and assuming that we don't find any huge issues through the testnet, I think it is safe to say that. I mean it upgrade should happen in the next 45 to 60 days approximately

Andrew Gnatyuk: Well, that's awesome. Thank you.

Anil Murty:  Yep. Good Andrew, Mello.

Andrew Mello: Hi guys and everybody. Great to hear the progress on GPUs just to confirm this second Testnet is going to have the new version that is going to allow for provider to build with a variety of GPUs in that provider. Okay, perfect.

Anil Murty: That's right. Yeah. And just clarify. It's going to be this, it's the same testnet that we have right now the same network is just this is going to be an incentivized testnet. And yes, Artur is actively working on supporting GPU attributes. Which will let tenants select a specific GPU model within the same provider. If it's a mixed GP model,

Andrew Mello: okay, then I will set aside time then for that second testnet to get involved and start some multi multi-gpu provider builds

Anil Murty:  Amazing. Yeah, and I'll have this PR today out for that describes the testnet as well as the incentives. So if you have any feedback, please feel free to jump in and submit your feedback to it as well.

Anil Murty:  So, Cool. If there is nothing else to add or comment on the GPU portion we can move on to the next set of projects here. So moving on to client library's, I know Luna and the Quasar team have been working pretty actively on this and I know you submitted a proposal as well. I know, there's some discussion between Artur in and Luna on this. I don't know if you want to give an update, if you prefer that I do, either one is fine.

Joao Luna: Yeah, there's no major upgrades or updates on this. We are still working. The the base features are there. So the spec it is now combined with the spec, Now, we are just evolving it and adapting it to the The newest code because we are working on top of the Police candidates. So and we will only. So we are just aiming for whenever the Then you may not is available because we are using the latest models on the APIs. Yeah, not no major updates. Just the discussions. We will have a long, long discussion and I think that's really cool. So yeah. Just just waiting on that as well.

Anil Murty: The awesome. Thank you for the update. The next one here is content moderation. So, you know, we have had a couple of PRD and a couple of API specs for this and the Plato team has been actively working on implementing one part of this. I know they had to put it a little bit on pause and I should have mentioned this in the GPU thing. But the payroll team is also going to add support for GP setting up a GPU provider using Crater, and they showed us kind of Holy demo of that yesterday in the providers SIG as well, but, but yeah. So that's kind of taken a little bit of a high priority than content moderation, but I think this is still on the, on the radar. Correct devil or the pay protein quite here.

Jigar Patel: Yes. Yes, that's correct. We're like that's our next thing that we're. We're like continuing on our work because we worked on it a little bit and then we had to put a little bit pause because we wanted to put on GPS but priority, right? So and a good news, is we just deployed to our production now, like everybody can go and Become a provider. in a GPU testnet using that GPU accessing GPU if they have like one server

Anil Murty: Really cool. And there's going to be a huge. It's going to be huge for the testnet because the phase one of this is going to be setting up providers. And so having an easy way to do that using Creator is going to be going to go a long way in increasing the number of providers we get on the network. Go Andrew.

00:20:00

Andrew Mello: I just had a little update on content. Moderation. I know, I'm backlogged by a couple of months on updating one of the repositories we had set up. That basically needs the tooling that I built to go on there. It's a little bit different than the API. Again, This is something that a provider with Kubernetes knowledge could simply deploy on to their cluster. That could then start monitoring pods and executing against them if it finds, you know, bad that matches. So, I will get that updated. I think in the next week here I will try to get that that online.

Anil Murty: Awesome. I recall there was a conversation where we had agreed on creating I think a repository within under Akash dash network was that still?

Andrew Mello: Yes. Yeah,…

Anil Murty: Okay. Got it. Awesome.

Andrew Mello: Adam created it and gave me access. I just need to get get around to pushing pushing the code. But yeah, I will get that updated and once we do a big good to make an announcement on that because we will be able to support, you know, Potentially enterprise workloads with this because you could monitor, you know, everything from a text file to an image to a video as a demo on our on our working group. So,

Anil Murty: Amazing. Very cool. Thank you for the update. Awesome. The next one's economics 2.0 and I know Adam. Wasn't it just had a freedom amount of work on the side. Adam, I know if you wanted to give an update on the take take great stuff that you're almost ready to merge in.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, it's about ready. Thanks to archers help yesterday. Last night, fixed the kind of the last Unit tests that was breaking. So I think today, I can merge it in. And it's going well. We still need to do some kind of comprehensive testing. I need to find other test nets to test it with. So there's a whole piece there that we need to figure out that. It'll be part of this test net. Maybe kind of more in the background and GPS stuff, but it should be there.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Yeah, and this is huge because we've been like talking about Economic Studio 2.0 for a while. So you'll be awesome to get the first piece of that in place. If anybody has questions about what that is or is curious about it, definitely check out Economics 2.0 in the specs in there. The PRD the Cheng is written, Go Chength. And then Andrew after that,

Cheng Wang: Yeah. The the pace of which this is I think exceeded my expectations as far as like, where this is gonna land in the test that so hadn't conceived of it, but wanted to submit for the committee for discussion which is Should. We also then I know we wanted to finalize the incentives and everything like that and you know but should we contemplate and think about some incentives or for around testing? Right like tasks in this particular test? And if we do anticipate that stable payments as well as take Rachel be ready, I'm not sure what there will be other than you know, like requesting Thomas meeting, you know, bids with usdt for example or you see, excuse me.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I was thinking about that a little bit. I think there's two considerations. So on the one hand it's nice to be able to test that but I think the the flip side of it is two things. One is if we wanted to add that in then it'll probably delay the testnet by a week or two. And then the second is I think in order for people to really be able to use it, we would need work on the client side to make sure that the user experience is good. So while the pieces are in place, they're still needs to be work. Done on the on the client side to make sure that all of this makes sense to people because just to give an example, one of the things is pretty, when you look at a specific. Type of, you know, currency validity with DC or something else. It shows up as a hex value, and it's not very human readable. And so there needs to be working on the client side to map that into a more human readable format. And so, I think,

Anil Murty:  Yeah, we should talk about it but I think generally, my thinking was we just told for now maybe we can do a separate desperate for it, go, right.

Greg Osuri: So, would you like to update the state to implementation? Because, you know, we got started in two different.

Anil Murty: Okay. Yes.

Greg Osuri: all like maybe break it into like, Projects and how you want to. But I think Econ 2.0 is like a gigantic like epic and it's been quite a lot of work over the years, right? So,

Anil Murty:  Yep. Makes sense, we create a separate line item here for the Implementing take crates in the code product and will change that to implementation. Sounds good.

00:25:00

Anil Murty:  Cool.

Adam Bozanich: Just take rates and multi currency, both both and again.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Yeah. Made a note of that. Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: It just again equation. Will there be grades will be implemented before the GPU. May not go live or this is go after and we will have still to instant devices H GPU providers.

Anil Murty: yes, so the thinking right now is at this, code would get merged in To be part of the main. IT upgrade that includes CPUs but we wouldn't specifically be testing. it in the testnet, so it doesn't be privately focused on GB providers and AI model deployment on to those GP providers. So you wouldn't be testing the specifically. I think it would make sense for us to potentially consider Another testnet. At some point, once we have The client side changes implemented as well but Adam good.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I was just gonna say the way I think about it. I think that alliance with Anil too, is just a consider, it like an alpha release or a beta release even where like, you know, the the chain component of it is is out there and it's it's usable, but we're not really promoting it as a use as a as a workflow right now because there's so many other pieces that need to also be implemented to make it Usable in the way. We all expect you to be useful.

Anil Murty: good after

Artur Troian: You just, for example, it even supported in the chain. However, provider part of the modern currency and other things will be off. And the testnet so we'll definitely need Separatus, not for that. One of the reasons for example is we need to run multiple tests like osmosis or whatever. The bridges. So it's gonna be slightly more complicated to put that all into the GPU.

Anil Murty: Makes sense. Sounds good. Adam, did you have anything else and see your hand is fill up.

Adam Bozanich: No, I forgot to unraise my head.

Anil Murty:  Sounds good. Cool. And actually just realized we did have a item for stable payments and settlement so I'll just move this up and change it to implementation. So it's like definition and change that to implementation. I don't want to go through all of these in the interest of time because we're about a half. At half half Mark right here. So I know there's a lot of work happening for hackathons and event planning, I don't know. Adam was was if you want to give a update and any of those things

Adam Wozney: Hey guys, for sure. So on the event side, the big upcoming events that we're going to be participating in. It's the first time we're doing this, we're bringing some insiders to

Adam Wozney:  Paris and Berlin for some cosmos and ethereum upcoming events. This July. It's the first time we're having community representatives representing a kosh, both on stage and offstage. So I'm really excited for that. So there's plenty underway. And we have the insiders selected for who will be attending those events. On that note, Q3 budget proposal is under review. I believe I sent it over to Cheng, it's on his desk to review. The idea is putting that up for a governance vote, it's essentially pre-approved from the first events budget governance proposally put on but we want to do a quarterly just to update the community and where the budget is and how things are moving along in terms of our event presence. And so the next big kind of upcoming event, to kind of think about isn't sorry Mainnet, which is part of the Q3 budget proposal. So, once that's all approval start working on. And once these July events are over, we'll start working on what our presence could look like from. Sorry. I mean that, Um unless there's any questions on the events, I could talk quickly about the HACKATHON as well.

Adam Wozney:  It's good. Cool. Cool. And yeah and the HACKATHON. So as to not coincide with GPU testnet, that Anil's been kind of spearheading, we updated the timeline for when our HACKATHON will kick off. This is kind of the first community kind of own HACKATHON that we're putting on some pretty excited about it. But the rough dates on when these will be starting is we're gonna have registration kicking off on June 26th. It'll be a two week registration process just to kind of promote the event and getting more people involved. And then the official kickoff will be on July 10th. The event will run for a month and then well announce winners in early August. So registrator planning for that, as well underway. We have four different caution Siders that are participating in supporting putting together that event. So, big shout out to those folks and yeah, all systems are go for that hackathon. So, that's it, any questions?

00:30:00

Adam Wozney: Well.

Anil Murty: Awesome. I haven't been super closely involved but I just want to say it seems like it's super well organized in terms of both, you know, the way the governance proposals are put together all the community engagement, I'm just super excited to Have like Akash being represented in these four or five different conferences by people outside of the core team. That's awesome. Really cool.

Adam Wozney:  Yeah, all the all the shoutouts go to the insiders and the community that are participating. So snaps to those guys.

Greg Osuri: A question. So this hackathons all virtual are is there any physical component?

Adam Wozney: It's all virtual census. The first one we're doing, I kind of want to see how it all comes together. I'm expecting to be successful but I wanted to kind of just run it and…

Anil Murty: What?

Adam Wozney: then as soon as it's over, we can review and start to think about what a potential next HACKATHON could look like and potentially having like an offline element.

Greg Osuri: And we're, and how long is the HACKATHON running?

Adam Wozney:  We're gonna run it for a month. So I was initially gonna be doing it in total like registration and the HACKATHON for one month total. So two weeks registration, two week HACKATHON but our partner we're working with Dora Hacks. We're actually using their service for free which is great so that budget can go back to the to the HACKATHON, they recommended from previous hackathons, they've run running two weeks of registration and one month for the virtual HACKATHON. Just so it gives people that are maybe new to the ecosystem. A chance to kind of dig into the documentation after resources support. Get the questions, answered stuff like that. So in total, it'll be about a month and a half two weeks, registration one month virtual hack on.

Greg Osuri: Awesome.

Anil Murty: Amazing. Cool, out of the rest of the items here. I think, I just wanted to touch upon two things unless people wanted to talk about other ones. So dockside, migration was one and then the other was provider attributes, because I know there was a couple of questions about it. So I don't know if there's anybody that can speak about dockside, migration and where that is, any any blockers, anything else at all? If not. Yes.

Tyler Wright: That. That would be a part of the demo today. So as a part of the dockside, migration Luna will just be giving a demo on the work that he and his team have been doing along with big documentation. So that'll be coming up back to this.

Anil Murty: All right. Yeah, sorry, I forgot. You did. Mention it up front. Okay, cool. So I'll hold off on that. I'll just do a quick update on provider attribute. So, I know Luna and a couple of other people have asked about for our attributes, on the on discord. So just to give you a quick update. There is a spec that is in a Google talk. That's internally shared, right now. I'm just trying to get some internal reviews before I put it in Github, but I'm totally happy to open it up to a few people. If you're interested just message me on discord or you know any other way that you can and I'll be happy to just share that document with you if you want to look at it ahead of time and and offer your suggestions to it as well. But the plan is to try to get this into Github. As soon as we're we have the Test, net thing, figured out and then take reviews publicly, all right.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Any other things anybody want to bring up on the project side? Before we jump to the demo from Luna 19.

Anil Murty:  Cool. I'll take that as a no and I guess Tyler and hand it back to you and Luna to take us through the demo.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright:  Alright, um, At a very high level. Before I again, handed over to Luna at a CIG documentation. There's been a number of conversations I've been happening at the monthly meetings. I know it's been a big thought when we moved to the open framework. That again with the website being open the dots, which were previously open, we want to make everything more open and we wanted to migrate from get book to Hugo Um Clay search, led by Luna and their team took on that effort out of SIG documentation after a spec was created and started working on that migration which focus on taking all the documentation to Overclock Labs team as well as others have created. Big Shot. The Scott Carruthers Who's Done a Lion, share that effort. So take that existing documentation and migrated over from again, get book over to Hugo and then do some design and structural optimizations as we look to make the user experience slightly.

Tyler Wright:  More optimized on the docs that are caution network side. So again this is being run locally right now though, just looking for feedback from the steering committee as well as the community and then there's some plans that can be talked about about how we continue on towards again pushing these towards this, talk new documentation, 2.0 to docs.accash.network. So that's just a real high level of where we are, where we've been and then I'll pass out to Luna, to talk about the demo. And what all the work that they've been doing?

00:35:00

Joao Luna: Alright, thank you. Hello, everyone. I'll just I think I don't have permission to share my screen. Maybe that's something you need to give me.

Tyler Wright: Case. And

Greg Osuri: I just made your co-host.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Luna. You should be able to.

Joao Luna: Now I have it. Thank you. Alright, let me find it.

Joao Luna:  Let me know when you're able to see my screen.

Tyler Wright: Yes, we just now, it's back.

Joao Luna:  Okay. All right, so I'll be walking through the new documentation tutorial and the the structure feel free to to interrupt me. Anytime you have a question, I can quickly address it. And just a little disclaimer, not all documentation is migrated yet, so you might see some pages that have DVD or underdevelopment. Like text that relates to documentation that hasn't yet been migrated. So yeah. The new documentation you start right off with this landing page. So this is the landing page where users will land once they go to docs.cash.network.

Joao Luna:  And here we offer three different journeys of, for users, which is that normal deployment journey. That if you click, you'll go to a Getting Started page, you get, you have the journey to become a provider, which if you click, you'll go to guides on how to build providers and then the journey to build the validated note.

Joao Luna:  Then about a couple of call to actions and just simple footer with all the social links privacy policy and that's on the official website. Nothing major. This is the landing page. Here on top, you have a search bar, a bunch of, also social links that will be available. Throughout the documentation. So this top bar will always be present. If you go to documentation here, you start going into the documentation per se and you start with the overview. So, we offer, three kind of

Joao Luna:  Not really journeys, but kind of three groups, I chose those. So they can be different once we release. So this is just for kind of demo purposes but if you agreed, it makes sense, we can keep them or just change to whatever we feel makes more sense or add more if you want. So yeah, we have like guides so if for instance, I click Take me there I'll get a list of all the documentation that has the category of guides. I can if I want to for instance, learn about the blockchain side of a cache or and everything that's related to blockchain technology. I can just click there and I'll get a list of all the documentation that has the tag blockchain.

Joao Luna:  The same for architecture. So if I want to to know how our cash is distributed across the globe, how it works. I can just get there and I'll get everything with the Calgary architecture. So, which is really cool. from a layout perspective on the right side, we have quick navigation for Opening Issues Editing the page or creating a pull request with it this page. If you find something wrong we can we have like a print entire section which which gives us a cringe finally interface of the documentation of a section. Creating a Project Issue. This would basically link to the support, repo stuff horn, and so forth. And then you have the tags, the categories. So overall, a familiar structure,

00:40:00

Joao Luna:  On the top side, the documentation also supports. Multi-languages. So currently we only have English I left on the drop down the north and just for reference and just to show that it works. If I click it, I have no documents and then it shows me nothing but if I had under these directory the same files but translated it would show me those files. This is exactly the same as Kubernetes, does it? And I think it works great. It's great for contributions. Great for internationalization works really well.

Joao Luna:  And yeah, here, an index where I can quickly go to different, the different sections. Going back to the Akash Network Landing page for the documentation. I can start my journey and click on Deploy on cash and I'll be given a choice for my deployment. So how I want to deploy on the crash network? I haven't currently migrated

Joao Luna:  A console documentation but I have migrated the cosmos. So if I'm interested in deploying with cloud modes, I can just click deploy and I'll go straight to guide on, on the documentation on how to deploy using the Cloud Mods. IO tool. Same for therefore, which is not done yet. This one doesn't currently exist. It's something that needs to be developed. I also have the CLI.

Joao Luna:  the client libraries, which go to the developer portion of the documentation where Client libraries documentation will leave. All right at least links to the official documentation for those. And yeah, those are kind of the journeys for deployments become provider goes to documentation about becoming provider at least the start of it and build using elm. There will be a section on writers so different solutions while we are on this page code blocks are copyable so we can just click and copy same functionality as before some of them, not don't work yet because it's just something that's missing on the code block thing, but it will be available on everywhere. It makes sense.

Joao Luna: And yeah, overall structure is the one that we defined in the spec, with the difference that I now based on feedback introduced the deployments. Section. And I think it could be moved upwards. It's well it's open for discussion or maybe Even like over here in the middle. If we want to them to follow like this getting started, then learning the concepts, then the features and then architecture being the deeper level that you can go in terms of technicalities. We just overall it's just moving where we think it makes sense but the section is here and has all the we'll have all the the different deployment methods on a cash.

Joao Luna:  But yeah, the structures then is, is what I mentioned. It's getting started. Where we are kind of have like the environment setup, how we can get developer funding and all that stuff that's already in the the current documentation. Then we have concepts these go deeply into a concepts that we need, kind of understand the documentation well, and communicate with others about akash. So, beads places, what are providers? What is the dissect? And there's a typo here. The g6 osak. What are validator notes? What's the SDL are PC notes, so, this stuff that we kind of Need to know if you want to effectively communicate with the community and communicate about the cash network.

Joao Luna:  Then we have the network features. So authorized spans the deployment, share ipleases GPUs. This is documentation on that. On those major features persistent storage as well. And yeah. Then about the architecture and just a briefly go into what our containers. What are Kubernetes? Part. What's the Akash know what's the cash provider? It's components. So it talks about basically, everything regarding the arkash networks architecture. Then guides, we have a migrated all of the guys, but here's one is an example. The cash provider checkup. then the developers documentation, as I mentioned, this will be the Scott's

00:45:00

Joao Luna:  Deep dive documentation, kind of that's available on another website but will be, I think makes sense to be here. I think that's the plan. And also client libraries documentation or links to external documentation for those, so anything for developers that want to build on the on and integrate with the Akash network. Then provide the documentation This is, I already shop briefly showed. So how to build with arm audited attributes. Enable persisting storage and everything. I believe this and all the kind of documentation regarding providers, we then have other daters Currently I think this is only that documentation. There is about value. There is this is the full guide on how to run a validator node. And yeah. Now, the last section that I added is the point with Cosmos.

Joao Luna:  And enter form and cliens soon, the console as well. I think this is everything about the Akash Network, 2.0, documentation, any questions?

Greg Osuri: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: To some that SIG documentation monthly meetings there will also be another working group session added for Docs 2.0, because I know that against Scott Luna another to talk about migration path. So I know that we have to do at some point stop creating new documentation so that we can get to a point where Luna can migrate everything over without again, constantly playing, catch up. And then talk about a strategy on implementing it as ducks network. One more quick, shout out before I pass off the Cheng, is, if anybody else wants to contribute to making documentation editing, documentation, just supporting the creation. I know that Scott has been doing it a significant amount of for a long time by himself. And again, members of the community that want to contribute in any way, please feel free to contribute to documentation if you have the ability. Go ahead, check.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, just in terms of timeline it, okay? If we don't have it yet, is there like a rough estimate as far as when we'd want to push this live? Amazing work by the way.

Tyler Wright: So the goal of today was to get additional thoughts from the steering committee and that will help SIG documentation, the working group figure out when next steps are. So if there seems to be a positive direction on where this is going from the group today, then it would be significantly less time than if we need to alter some things.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: So yeah, I just want to go with Cheng said, Amazing work. Thanks so much for taking this on. Luna 19. What is the best way for people to submit feedback or specific? You know, changes in the content? Is it good? Is it going to get a PR or they can do this, or should it just be in discord channels?

Joao Luna:  Currently the the repo is closed, it will be transferred to the cash organization. Once it's, the migration is complete. I don't think it makes sense for now to create content yet because it's, it's a full migration from what's currently available.

Joao Luna: But then as for contributions, I think I didn't mention, but contributing to this now will be very, very easy. It's just really MD files in the correct place and everything just goes to the right place and, and this place correctly. It's, it's kind of magical. It's really cool and even with the internationalization if it's, that's one step that we want to take us one day, it will be really, really easy and great for. So this is this will be a great selling point for any community member that's looking to contribute, usually it's where where contributions start is. Like you want to contribute. There's documentation to be written typos, to be fixed or documentation to be translated.

Tyler Wright: D.

Joao Luna: And that's a great place to start.

Tyler Wright:  Luna, I think of before I pass off the Greg, I think Anil was specifically asking if somebody has feedback. Are they able to access this doc I know it's locally hosted right now but is there a place where people can access and leave any comments that they do have any comments on things that should be updated or changed?

Joao Luna: I'll be okay, I'll be. So there's the I think it's a cash slash talks Dot quasarc.cloud. But yeah, I have a dev environment. I'll upload latest version there and I'll just spread the link and you can give feedback on the SIG channel.

00:50:00

Greg Osuri: Just want to say phenomenal job. I've been wanting this for How long it's amazing. So the my question was on like, Well, how do I start giving feedback? Of course, we have some suggestions for in the look and feel But I guess this is the this is the website, so I'm gonna play around with it and also at some point we'd love to merge this into the primary website right Akash. So I guess,…

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's the plan.

Greg Osuri: we'll just

Tyler Wright: We just have to make sure that the migration is done and that all the changes that folks from the Steering Committee and other community have or implemented. And then we will migrate this to knock that Acosta network.

Greg Osuri:  Know, under Akash Akash.networks.

Tyler Wright:  Other repo.

Greg Osuri:  Under the Akash main repo, right? So we're not going to have a separate set of subdomain. Is better if I SEO is better for a lot of things.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, we'll talk offline about that. Just so I Clive, I understand correctly. Does anyone else have any questions related to the demo? That Luna just gave.

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Cool. Um, I'll pass it back to Anil because I know he wants to talk about some of the discussion topics, too O'Neill. A passport back to you.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Thanks Tyler. And I'm just going to share my screen really quick. I just remembered. There's another topic that you should talk about and this was kind of Going back to what I said initially is we always end up having a few discussions around proposals. So I noticed that Zack Gow is on the call as well. So I noticed this morning that Zach submitted a proposals for a Essentially, an open source index. So for Akash and I just wanted to call out number one. Thank you for the effort of putting this together. Zach.

Anil Murty:  And and then I also wanted to get people's attention to it. So if you have a chance to get it submit any feedback or questions to Zach in the discussions. And I don't want to put you on the spot Zack, but if there's anything you want to talk about as far as this proposal goes or sort of what the plan is next. In terms of getting this from a draft state or to a full state, this is your opportunity. If not totally fine, if you're not prepared and you want to do it next time,

Anil Murty:  I don't know. Zach, if you're listening and you're interested in talking about this,

Anil Murty: yeah, I guess Zach is probably Distracted with something else. But yeah, just wanted to call that out. So, take definitely take a look at it. If you haven't taken a look at it yet, I'm sure they're going to flush it out a little bit more in the next couple of days. I think the thing that's most exciting to me about this is number one, they're very similar things for other projects. So there's a link to a dashboard that They're Beautiful Secret, which is another Cosmos project. And for Jack Horn, which is also another Costco project that they're working on. Um and then the second thing is, they're planning to open source all of this. So it will be completely open source and anybody can contribute to it. So yeah, just wanted to call that out. I'll stop presenting. And if Zach has heard this in wants to see a couple of words, great, if not, we can wrap up for the

Tyler Wright: Okay. Terrific. Well again, thank you all for joining the steering committee. Monthly meeting number five, again. If you have any additional questions or comments, feel free to make those and discord. Thank you, Luna, for the presentation and the demo rather on Dr. 2.0 and again, thank you all in the community for all the hard work that you're doing across many different areas and projects, look out for plan, updated plan on the GPU, incentivize testnet, coming soon. But again, I hope everyone has a great rest of the day and thank you so much for participating today. Notes will be available soon. So look out for those on Github. But again, thank you everybody have a great rest of the day.

Joao Luna: Thank you very much.

Jigar Patel: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: Everyone. Thanks.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Everybody.

Tony Stark: Excuse me. Okay no.

Meeting ended after 00:55:02 👋

