
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, June 29, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://n6o6hg3bmrlh53cz6ykmpokamvnzgusa3vycwvbr4vxmamusuh5q.arweave.net/b53jm2FkVn7sWfYUx7lAZVuTUkDdcCtUMeVuwDKSofs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- colin howard
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Fig S
- Greg Osuri
- Ishan Maheshwari
- Jigar Patel
- Kael Jabel Abbott
- Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- stevens martinez
- Tyler Wright
- Yeou Jie
- Zach Horn


## Notes:

- Anil reviewed the structure of the meeting.
- Anil started the meeting by asking if there any feedback on how things are going in the community or any grievances? 
- There is no feedback that anyone wants to share. Recap of everything going on with the calls.
- Anil discusssed the projects that are in the project list.
- Anil looked at the discussions in the Github.
- During Open Discussion section, Fig talked about Squid Router. 

### Projects:

- Console auth z should be changed to paused
- Wg- gpu - The testnet has been going very well. There are 18 providers on the network right now with 25 GPUs on the GPU network. 
- Praetor set up a dashboard available here [https://akash.praetorapp.com/provider-status?chainid=testnet-02](https://akash.praetorapp.com/provider-status?chainid=testnet-02)
- Going to start doing 1:1 interviews with providers, trying to understand painpoints, so that we can bring those providers onto the mainnet.
- Moving forward with Task 2 right now.
- Anil Asked if anyone has any general feedback about GPU Testnet.
- GPU Support is in full swing and GPU Providers are up and running.
- Tracking towards July 31st or Early August for Mainnet Upgrade
- Praetor team is working on content moderation. There are specs and PRD for this already outlined.
- This has been paused to be able to support GPU Support.
- This will be prioritized again AFTER GPU Testnet.
- Economics 2.0 - 1 of the core changes to this testnet is the change to support stable payments. Shoutout Adam Bozanich.
- There will be an encore Testnet after the GPU AI Testnet for testing this.
  - Working with osmosis to Test internally right now.
  - Artur mentioned that the first thing to focus on is making sure the codebase is working as expected.
  - Cheng mentioned that there is a PRD being created for clients to implement the UI into specific clients.
  - Anil mentioned this will be published in Github, and there will be a work group to implement changes.
- Adam Wozney talked about Events.
 - There is a governance proposal for q3 events, and they are also working on a q4 proposal.
 - Hewi mentioned that the governance proposal for q3 2023 is live [here](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/207).
- Adam talked about the Hackathon. There are 4 insiders supporting the hackathon. There may be a plan to split the hackathon into two phases. 
 - Anil walked through a high level plan for a series of events that are coming for the Akash Network including GPU Testnet, Testnet Encore, Mainnet Upgrade, and a Hackathon. 
- Anil asked about Omnibus. Tom and Dan handle this as apart of delegations, so no working group is needed for this. 
- Do we need a work group for building out an Akash Ai website or page?

### Github Discussions:

- Anil talked about discussions around analytics.
- Boz mentioned that some edits are being made to the proposal for Metamask. 
  - The discussion will be reviewed with the Steering Committee at a later date.
  - Greg asked when the clean proposal will be ready?
  - Boz mentioned that it should be ready by tomorrow.
  - Greg urged that the proposal was clean
- Anil mentioned a proposal from the Blockless Team. Waiting a response from DMikey and his team.
  - Greg liked this proposal upon initial review.
  - This is a very reasonable ask.
- Anil asked about Hyperledger.
  - Greg mentioned that this is supposed to be a private blockchain.
- Analytics is the highest priority. 
- Lowell Talked about the proposal from aqt and Nodefleek.
  - They had an Archival node in this proposal, but they took it out to make a different proposal for setting up an archival node.
    - Their  analytics and Akash archival nodes proposal are all open source
    - Lowell and his team have the correct skills to make this happen. 
    - Need to combine efforts.
    - Need to decouple the archival node.
    - Cloudmos solution works right now. This does not require an archival node. This is not open source.
    - Zach has a solution that requires delegation. They do need an archival node.
    - Lowell and his Team
    - Boz mentioned that there is a solution for the archival node issue.
    - Greg would rather have the community build a product.
- Greg asked what is the dependency on the saas product. Can the saas product be replaced by an open source product.
- Community needs analytics if the Saas product goes out of business.
- Greg wants everything to be public. He would prefer community to build product, to keep open source continuity. 

**Open Discussion:**

- Fig S talked about what they do at [Squid](https://www.squidrouter.com/)
  - API and SDK which is how people built.
  - They can allow anyone to pay with AKT or USDC with 1 click.
  - Greg is interested in this. Wants to pay for Akash with any token is the goal.
  - They do a swap.
  - Greg asked how they work?
  - Sig-clients is the best place for this.
  - This could be apart of the PRD for UI with stable payments
  - Anil asked if there are fees. There are NONE right now. 

### Action Items:

- Metamask will update the proposal over the next day or so.
- Sig-analytics will figure out a solution for possible routes to share at next meeting.
- Teams can submit new proposals around analytics and the archival node. 



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to steering Monthly meeting number six. You can find the agenda as a PR right now you can track previous steering committee meetings at the README inside the Github community repo out of the last steering committee meeting. There were a couple demos including a demo from the Luna and the Quasarch team on some work that they've been doing around docs 2.0. But there's a number of items again on the agenda for today. So, without further ado, I'll hand it over to Anil to get us going and I'll take notes in the background and they'll take it away.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone. So I'm gonna go and share my screen.

Anil Murty: Do the Getting pretty good at this number six, all right. so for people that have been here before or for people, that I knew, A quick rundown of our agenda. So what we typically do on these calls is we kind of do recap and highly recap of everything that's happened in the last month or so across various projects and then we discuss any issues or feedback from the community. In terms of how are overall. Open development process has been running any sort of grievances or conflicts that people want to bring up. This is a good time to do that. We review all the projects in the list of projects that we have and we prioritize or shuffle them around or change status on some of those things depending on where things are.

Anil Murty: And we review any sort of github discussions, that people may not be looking at. That should be getting attention. And then we open it up to any sort of general feedback or questions from everybody on the call. One of the additional things that I think we should do today is just generally talk about the testnet and sort of how things are going on that side. The GPU inside device tested specifically. And then Also talk, maybe a little bit about what is coming up next. In terms of initiatives, for things like the testnet that we're going to be running over one or two months at least until the next steering committee meets.

Anil Murty: if there's no objections to that agenda, we can go ahead and start with the first item on the list, which is, discuss any sort of community feedback in terms of how things are going across general, managing all the projects, or any sort of conflicts or grievances or issues that anybody wants to bring up. So we'll give it a couple of minutes for people to Share any sort of feedback in general.

Anil Murty: If you have any feedback that you want to bring up, please raise your hand. Or type it into the chat.

Anil Murty: Take the silence as there's no feedback that everybody wants to share. Which is good. I guess in some sense it seems like things are running pretty smoothly overall so that's always nice to hear. Hopefully people are not shying away from Sharing any sort of negative feedback, but if there's any other things at any point, feel free to drop them out as a Moving on to the second item which is a project's list and sort of going over the list of projects out here. Don't want to go through every single one of these projects in super detail because all of that happens typically in the specific, six in the work groups, but kind of want to touch upon some of the high level ones that I know are in progress. But if there's things that I haven't touched upon that, we should be touching upon. Then please raise your hand or interrupt me at any point.

Anil Murty: So, first on this is, I'm going to skip over console authorization support because we're not really working on that. That's pause for now, we should probably change the state on this to something that reflects the pause state, but GPU support is probably the good one to Talk about next and maybe talk about the test net in general in the context of that as well. So overall the testnet for GPUs has been going extremely well, at least from what I've been able to observe one. Good reflection of that is that we have 18 providers on the network right now, in terms of GPA providers and 24 25 GPUs on the network, right? And this is a variety of different models so you can the greater team thanks for doing Where all the GPU numbers are reflected on the dashboard. both activities inactive providers. And for each of these providers, you can actually click through here. And you can look at what type of specific GPU was spun up here.

Anil Murty: So overall I think at least the first leg of the state in inside device testnet where we try to bring on providers has gone off really well and one of the actions that we took from that and a few of us got together this morning in talked about this in very much detail. Is one of the things we want to try to do is see sort of one-on-one communications with all the people that have set up. Providers on the testnet right now as part of this incentivization and find out what have been the pain points and specifically see if we can make sure that the people that are, keen on maintaining their provider, continue to do so when we get to be in it. So that's kind of one of the big actions that has come out of this. We're continuing to push forward trying to get more providers onto the network, but we're also moving forward with the and second and third phase of these technical testnet.

00:05:00

Anil Murty: Which is around getting people to build up sdls, as well as deploy workloads on to these GPU providers. So that's very much in progress right now and overall things seem to be going. does anybody have any general feedback outside of the things that I mentioned or any sort of comments on top of what I said in terms of things that we have learned from the testnet or in terms of how things are going?

Anil Murty: So we'll provide more information in terms of how we're going to operationalize. Some of the feedback and making sure that most of these providers that are on the testnet today, get onto the main it as well. But, yeah, overall things seem to be going pretty well with the Testnet.

Anil Murty: In terms of GPU support itself. I think, there have been a couple of issues that have come in but Tyler or to keep me honest on this as well. I don't think there's been anything that is like a significant show stopper at this point. So we feel pretty confident in terms of being able to get this over to Mainnet potentially towards the end of this month. Really August time frame is that kind of very tracking even now. Tyler Scott.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Anil Murty: Awesome.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's Gregory.

Anil Murty: Very cool. Yeah, overall, excellent exchange up from everybody on this call, as well as, people in the community that I've had. And not just with all the code changes, but also supporting in the logistics of visitors, probably the most complicated destiny. We've done to date, so huge kudos to everyone.

Anil Murty: Client Libraries, I don't know if the quasar team or Luna is on the call to provide an update on this. It's a whole lot of things happen here, we still have that pull request, that is out there for the client library spec. I think last time we talked about, appreciate trying to close that out. I don't know, is quasar anybody from the quality team on, doesn't look like it.

Anil Murty: Thank you. Cool Content. Moderation. I know that the Plato team started working on. So we have the PRD just to recap a little bit. We have the PR days for the two content, motors in APIs, as well as a spec for the APIs itself. One is for being able to surface up data on what sort of content, then the second is for being able to apply content, moderation filters and power that I know the pretor team, It's started working on some of this and assuming that you were to pause it in order to go into the things that you needed to for the testnet. But if there's any other updates you'd like to share, please go ahead.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that makes complete sense in terms of priority. economics 2.0, I know. So at this point it makes sense to talk a little bit about in this context of, Next things coming up after this testnet as well. So for those that are not in the loop, that is also one of the code changes that is also part of this testnet right now which we're not actively testing is the change to support stable payments on our cash. So there have been code changes made by Adam Bosnich was probably not on the call right now, but yeah to support essentially being able to deploy on Akash using Usdc and one of the things we are working through right now is

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Doing an on-core testnet, following the current Testnet, where we would have people utilize essentially the feature that has been build for being able to deploy on a cash using Usdc. So Artur has, he's working on changes to make sure that we can test our existing test net with a test net from the folks over at Osmosis in order to be able to get us DC onto Akash network and make it available for people that are deploy so that's in progress outside of that is there other things? What sharing at this point are Cheng or anybody? That's actively involved with economics tutorial.

Artur Troian: yeah, something else, a few things on that initially we going to just make sure that The codebase is. Working as intended.

Artur Troian: All the rules that described in the economics and the take pay are forward to know how many hiccups on that. And once we prove all that works, we gonna start Right. GPU.

Cheng Wang: Yep, and just really quick time from me, in terms of forward-looking here is the integration of as far as the UI for stable payments, To make it a lot more usable on the client side. So that there's been some very early discussions at this point in time among the core team to suspect that and create a priority where we have a draft internally circulating. So we're going to get that fleshed out and finalize with a couple of more technical reviews and then we'll probably be sharing that publicly very soon.

Anil Murty: Yeah that's a really good point to bring up as so I think, at least in my head, the way I'm thinking about this is once we have that published in Github, in terms of high level spec for what, the UX should look like for Making this easier to use and it is right now. Then we would basically look to spin up a work group or, handle it as part of the sick clients to make changes in the client side to support that UX so, Forward to seeing that. I'm not close enough to the educer program. Adam was me if you're on the call or anybody else that knows what's going on with the educer program, any sort of updates that you want to share?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I can give a very brief one so kael, you use live. There's one course that is active on Akashi to you, however, kind of reached bandwidth limitations in terms of adding new content on there with the HACKATHON that we're working on the events that are upcoming and GPU Testnet. However, as a part of the HACKATHON, we are looking to add HACKATHON tracks. That would be creating educational content that would live on Akash EDU. So at this time, there's really no updates other than it's live with one course, but we're working towards adding new courses, once we launch the HACKATHON, So that's kind of work. How should you use right now?

Anil Murty: And I think the next two are kind of in your wheelhouse as well. So if you want to keep talking about those, go for it and

Adam Wozney: Yeah, for sure I see events as the next one. So we have several events starting kind of kicking off the week. After next, we're gonna have four occasion ciders attending and representing Akash both on stage and offstage at several events that were sponsoring I'll also be some events that are moderating a few panels that are happening at those events. There should be more updates after those events, take place. But those are the big things that are kind of top of mind. And then, lastly is Q3 governance proposal. So Scott, working with Huey, we've put together, the Q3 Governors proposal for Q3 events, and then we're starting to think about Q4 event, governance proposal. So that should be live and up for a vote within the next week or so here.

Adam Wozney: And that's kind of it on the event and then the last thing is the HACKATHON. So yeah, we making good progress in the HACKATHON. We have it to do this items. We have four caution Siders who are helping both in the community marketing side or the community management side and on the marketing manager side, We have a to-do list items. We have a pretty good rough idea on the tracks or the things we want people to build for these hackathons.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney: After a call earlier today, was some folks, we are thinking about splitting the HACKATHON up into two hackathons, I still need to kind of work through what that would look like, but the idea one would be kind of a light low lift, kind of low-hanging fruit hackathon, just to kind of get some potential akashi to you video, content up. And then the other would be a little bit larger scale HACKATHON with aigpu support community support and Akashi ecosystem support. TBD on exactly what that looks like. But we're moving in the right direction. In terms of getting either one or two hackathons out the door.

Anil Murty: Thank you. Adam just to sort of dovetail and what Adam said in it kind of encapsulates, a couple of other things we talked about before So from just an overall community events standpoint as well as from a marketing standpoint essentially, the cadence of next, couple of months are we're going to wrap up the current GPU testnet that we have going on, this is going to wrap up, by the end of next early week following that, And then the movement that is done, we are hoping to jump into this second new testnet, maybe not incentivize, but this new testnet for testing, outstable payments. That's expected to go for a week.

Anil Murty: Until around the end of the month approximately. And then once we're done with that, we're right upon our main IT upgrade time frame. So it'd be looking at basically running a governance proposal for about a week towards the end of the month and then going through it upgrade and then following IT upgrade. Once we have, a few GPU providers on the network and are able to workloads. We would look at running this HACKATHON that Adam talked about. So it's kind of a series of events from a community standpoint as well as from a marketing standpoint that are going to go on from now until mid to end of July and well into August as well. So lots of things coming up in the next couple of months. Adam talked about potentially, as splitting up that ON into two potential hackathons and the reason for us considering doing that was simply because

Anil Murty: Once we get to the main IT upgrade, in order for the AI portion of the current HACKATHON to be successful, we need to make sure that we have Not just sufficient to have, GPU support in minute. But also have enough GPU providers spun up on the main So at the minimum most of the people that are spun up providers on the Testnet should have spun up their GPUs on the main it as well because we need those in order to have these people that participate in the HACKATHON deploy AI models and such. So if it turns out that the timing of this HACKATHON is getting pushed out too far, then we might consider splitting into two having the first HACKATHON that does not involve GPUs and AI. I've been first and then have a subsequent HACKATHON with A

Anil Murty: So, that's going to where we're going. But overall, there's four or five marketing slash community events think about for the next two months or so.

Anil Murty: Any thoughts or questions on any of that? So far before we talk about a few more things on this list,

Anil Murty: Will moving on dockside migration. I know this is also a quasarc, team question, I think for the most part, but I don't Tyler. If you had any sort of updates you want this year,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that again, Scott Carruthers has been working with Luna team on developing Luna and the team I'm developing a strategy for that migration path though. They're most likely be a working group session before the next steering committee for Docs 2.0, where a strategy will be implemented about, freezing new additions to docs while they can move everything from Getbook to Hugo so that should be happening again as a working group session between steering committee meetings.

Tyler Wright: I just want to just quickly point I know out of the last docs to point are two guys. Last steering committee meeting When Luna gave a demo. There were some folks that were very excited and had some feedback for Luna and his team. If you go inside that Stig documentation discord channel, you could see the most up-to-date version of the documentation 2.0. So if anybody has any feedback about structure design, anything, please feel free to leave it there or there is a support Issue for tracking Ducks 2.0, inside the support repo, that's all. So, in that discord channel, that you can comment specifically there. And again, once the Working group event is created, anybody wants to particip live in that session is more than welcome.

00:20:00

Anil Murty: Great awesome. I think a lot of these other ones are probably not worth spending a lot of time on right now, the one thing I do want to call out and this may be a question for Boz, if you're on the call. is I know there was some discussions on discord about people being interested in maintaining omnibus, the repository in working on including it, okay, to bosses on That's causes on Yes.

Boz Menzalji: Come on,…

Anil Murty: So I don't know

Boz Menzalji: I'm on. Yeah.

Anil Murty: if how you and I don't mean to keep you in this property on this part. We can even take this after the call. But you think it's worth while this item has been an ideation for a while. Do you think it's worthwhile for us to spin up like a work group or something? Or a SIG around this? if you think there's enough traction in terms of people wanting to move this forward,

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, I think there's two, And there's Tom Bain on and Dan and they're just doing it automatically. Just give That's part of the delegation program. So it's just an ongoing thing as part of their responsibilities and response for delegation. So, I don't think that it's enough to warrant. The amount of work that would take to spin up a work group for this.

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds good. I don't think if there's Any other item you should be talking about? I can't think of anything else that Super active right now. That is much spending time on but go Tyler.

Tyler Wright: So just real quick. I know that out of SIG design. I just want to give a quick shout out to Denis. I know this is one number of people that host events in person online events and also videos, and they need support. If anybody needs anything related to designing support, I know that Denis there's members of the akashians who participate in SIG design. There's a number of people that are gifted when it comes to creative stuff and can support, again, any brand assets, and I just want to again, give a shout out to Denis Arthur and some other folks that are working on the Akash that network website, obviously Greg's at the tone by creating that website at the top of the year and it's open source now. And then there's been working group sessions around improving the website over time including improving token pages. And some of the other elements I know,

Anil Murty: Super cool. Yeah, there have been a lot of updates to the website, by the way for people that are not aware, so definitely check out our cash. There's been a huge number of changes including adding that page for the testnet. I think one of the things that we have talked about and we need to still finalize. This is potentially like building a dedicated Web page or a site for AI on its own. It's something that we've thought about as well. So, I don't know, Maybe there's not the right time to talk about it, but you should think about whether that requires its own work group or something of that sort.

Anil Murty: Any other things people want to bring up on the projects list before we go into the next item on the agenda.

Anil Murty: And back here. Github discussions. Take a look at this really quickly. I know there's been a few proposals for analytics.

Anil Murty: one of them is from somebody that's building a similar service for The couple of other chains, I think it is Jack old protocol and one of the chain, so that one's looking pretty good. And then I know about most has their indexer as well. So we're talking through, something's on that side as well. Outside of that there is a proposal for bringing Metamask to Aka I know there has been a little bit of stalling that happened on that boss. I know, you're really close to that if you want to add any context around, that would be good to know.

00:25:00

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, so talk with John yesterday, he's making some edits based on some of the changes that's occurred with the axlr's team due So the communications between the two organizations He was planning on being here.'s traveling, he's on a flight right now. But his action items were to update this proposal and talk to the review, with the steering committee at a later time. But the objective the funding is actually still the same. It's not going to be a position the way it is now with it's a proposal with us and omniflex each chain will have its own sovereign proposal. And just not be overly complicated, but in terms of deliverables, timelines, how it's going to work?

Boz Menzalji: It's going to be Quite a bit. and the time that you are,

Greg Osuri: But when can we expect the proposal to be open for discussion?

Boz Menzalji: The submission and the forms is already there. We haven't moved forward on a governance proposal until this is updated based on the last two weeks and what happened with the axlr proposal.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, I think the proposal that's currently under discussion. Talks about Omniflex in Akash, I don't.

Boz Menzalji: Yes, that's being removed. That's being completely removed.

Greg Osuri: So, my question is, when can we expect a reverse proposal? That's more clean? that we can, because this looks Haphazard everywhere.

Boz Menzalji: Yes.

Greg Osuri: What I'm looking at? I don't know why.

Boz Menzalji: Finally. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Omnifix is even involved here, right?

Boz Menzalji: So has his goal was to We'll have it ready by tomorrow. He's just in the process of traveling.

Greg Osuri: okay.

Greg Osuri: And in every proposal we want very clear deliverables, one understand,…

Boz Menzalji: Yep.

Greg Osuri: obviously this is going to be open source, but we want to be very explicit about open sources That's gonna be funded. Okay.

Boz Menzalji: Absolutely.

Anil Murty: Of Mars. Did you want to put a comment or something based on the conversation In this. Just so they're aware of What we're hoping?

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, I just have the call with John yesterday afternoon, and I'll make a public comment to update, everybody on where things are, and what the deliverables are by John. And when to expect it, Github was down this morning.

Anil Murty: Okay, thank you. Yeah, that's right.

Boz Menzalji: That's what I was trying. It's not working for me by the way. so, It's still not working.

Anil Murty: Still not working for you.

Boz Menzalji: Very anyway, so yeah, the goal was to have it updated with some of the notes unfortunately I wasn't able to but it'll be simplified, it'll be outlined with the deliverables. I showed him some examples of a good proposal on how it's structured. So he's using that format.

Anil Murty: Another one that I wanted to touch on was this proposal from the Block list team? I thought it was a really good proposal. I had a few comments on it and I think a bunch of other folks did too. I think we're waiting on a response back from Mikey in team on this one, but definitely check this out. If you as you have to The block listing also showed a demo of their product in the last six clients meeting, which I thought was really cool. So if some of this stuff doesn't make sense watching the demo might bring some clarity to it as well.

Greg Osuri: Okay, so it's in the last meeting so we can find the link. Great. I mean,…

Anil Murty: Yes.

Greg Osuri: this looks very reasonable and 7,500 to deploy. This I assume is gonna be open source, right? That's it.

Anil Murty: Yes.

Greg Osuri: Okay, reasonable, I think the benefit is incredible. We're going to monitoring observability that we really don't have much ability for providers can be fed into The Broader API, that we can expose to get a better understanding about the reliability and whatnot. So I think I can see how this project can go and play much bigger role when and in that helps deploy, So I think it's a very reasonable to ask. I would throw up my support on this proposal.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Greg Osuri: Do you think the proposal is good enough to go on other deliverables. Clear, less stuff.

Anil Murty: I think there was a few questions that a few people Luna had a few questions. I had a few questions so I think we're waiting for an update from Mikey on these things and then I had a few questions as well. So, I think once we get a new update, it's worthwhile taking a look at, whether it's granular enough, although for that amounted, maybe okay, to have it as a single thing. But yeah, definitely worthwhile taking a look at in terms of candidate before we send this on one chain.

00:30:00

Greg Osuri: Great.

Anil Murty: let's see. What else do we have? There was one. Proposal for Hyperledger. I don't know if people feel about this, I Didn't feel like we wanted to do this, but I'm just thought.

Greg Osuri: Italian real anymore, Hyperledger.

Anil Murty: It's kind of my thought as well.

Greg Osuri: My Opinions, that may not. Be Hyperledger supposed to be a private blockchain. I don't know if anyone uses Hyperledger. Or anybody wants to use a hyperledger. I feel like It's a dead project. Trying to dep. Don't think it requires a special funding per se. I don't see any funding requirement requests here. So, I mean, it'll be I guess if the author wants to deploy it, I don't see a reason why.

Greg Osuri: Your words stopping them.

Anil Murty: yeah, I think honestly my biggest thing with this proposal was It's not really proposal as such it's modeled more like some question that typically would go on the forums I guess this is a forums Maybe it's not even a proposal for building anything. So,

Greg Osuri: Question.

Greg Osuri: Yeah. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Yeah. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Okay. That one.

Anil Murty: What analytics ones? Let's see.

Greg Osuri: Analytics would be numbers no the biggest priority, right? So especially with negative GPUs,…

Anil Murty: Yep.

Greg Osuri: Is there a proposal that needs? Feedback.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think there's a couple of ones. I think Boz has been. So this one was the one that So we're basically looking at two options at this point. One is the one from the cloud most team that we are looking to utilize and see if we can get our data from there. And then separately, is this analytics proposal from Zach. Now, I was in the last. One of the calls as well.

Boz Menzalji: Yeah.

Anil Murty: And I think what he was looking for is not really funding but just delegations and I know balls you've been very close go ahead.

Boz Menzalji: Yep, he's actually on vacation. He's planning to break ground on the project second week of July when he's back as well as been up his validator and it's only blocker is the archival knot which has been figured out on finality team. So it's just a matter of getting them connected first.

Greg Osuri: Alright here.

Boz Menzalji: They already have the schema to understand exactly what they need to build. other than that, it's just a pure, simple delegation with meetings for an update.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, I think community will be more than happy to delegate if they see value, So, Yeah, happy to support this proposal. I don't think we need additional funding for analytics considering Cloud Masses analytics and I think any funding should go to them.

Boz Menzalji: Right.

Greg Osuri: Hi. My microphone keeps getting off. Can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, I think. Yeah, let's move on to the next proposal. That asks, for funding,

Anil Murty: I think that's pretty much all of them. Is there anything that I'm missing?

Greg Osuri: There's another proposal for analytics of those asking for funding, right?

Anil Murty: so, there's one from Cloud, most team that we talked about there is this one Yes.

Greg Osuri: Grant proposal. Yeah. No fleece Web 3 blockchain and no running company focused on delivering value and

Greg Osuri: Proposed solution.

Anil Murty: No 55kg.

Greg Osuri: I mean, what's this proposal regarding sorry?

Anil Murty: All right, it's similar to the other one or the other two. I think this would still need. in archival node at least from what I'm seeing you

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yes. Sorry,…

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: I also sent a proposal for the archival mode but it was directly to one of the things from a cash.

Greg Osuri: Lowell, could you please put the proposal on?

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Gregor might just cut up.

Tyler Wright: Where'd you want to put some proposal? I think the last part just cut out.

Greg Osuri: We want the fossil to go through the same pipeline like every other proposal so it should go on discussions. Lowell, if you have proposal to do archival node? Yes, please make the public so we can get it funded. looks like that's critical for any of the analytics but anyone from this team, a QT or one whoever from the note team here in the call,

Anil Murty: I think.

Anil Murty: Lowell is.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yeah, That's me.

Greg Osuri: Always got it. Do you want to talk about it? Talk.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yes, basically, what we offer. It's analytics platform, Where we include. metrics for Let's say the one needed for the current protocol and for the new testnet with all the GPU needed, let's say a charts. We're going to include of course user access and all of the features needed for people can modify or add any shards, if possible, but we want to deliver with the chart that are needed and our inter proposal, in this proposal, we also included and cash a tribal note, but we remove it because we receive recommendation to make it separate from this one.

Greg Osuri: Got it. I see.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yeah, Orting core basically is Devops and infrastructure, but we also do a lot of backend and…

Greg Osuri: Got.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: a lot of data analytics. Because Let's say we project. All of our data traffic, we have a lot of alarms in all of our infrastructure and we have a password with better chain, where we build for them and hybrid blockchain with IVC and AVM And we build for them, also an indexer that extract all of the transaction blocks from IVC and EVM. That's something that it's still under development. So yeah,…

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: I think we have the correct skills to deliver that value.

Greg Osuri: So few things happening here, so there are multiple teams. including yours? That are want that how ways to build analytics, I think first thing we need to do is consolidate all those efforts into a single proposal, And fun that analytics and I mean clouds obviously as has the Most working product. and see how we can merge those efforts. And second, I think we did, we decoupled the archival node as a separate project, right? I think that is a common thread regardless of what team wants to build.

Greg Osuri: I think if you can put a separate proposal for archival mode, that's very clear deliverable and that can get funded. I mean, I think it is easily but the rest of stuff, I think we need to really huddle in the SIG analytics and figured out a more cohesive. Approach to this problem, of course, Anil and Boss.

Anil Murty: Yeah, if I can just say one thing Boze and then hand it over to you. So I think Greg. Yeah you write. There's basically if just looking at the three proposals we have the three main contenders we have the one from Zach, we have the one from Level and his team. And then we have the one from Cloud most Basically, like you said, the clown one. Is the most working. It literally is working right now and it also doesn't require an archival mode, at least my understanding of how it works. So that is the one that is ready to go right now. But it's not open source so we're trying to figure out with the cloud most team if they're open to open sourcing it that's something we'll figure out in the next couple of weeks. The second one is the one from Zach that requires literally no funding just delegations so it's lower on cost from a community standpoint community, for instance point

Anil Murty: But it does require an archival node and he has a solution working for a couple of other chains but not for Akash right now. So that's where that is. And then there is this proposal from Lowell in team which I believe as I mentioned does need a note but I think they have been up for it as well. So we've got to reconcile these couple of weeks and that's something on us but I think Boz was first and then

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, And Greg, we don't think it would be proper to have another archival on the proposal. We have a solution already in the works with a third party entity. That's reputable. And I believe, they will support the schema that we actually need for both Zach and Lowell should this grant. Go forward. So we don't need to have Multiple. Archival node solutions out there.

00:40:00

Greg Osuri: Okay, so How do we move forward as proposal? What's?

Boz Menzalji: If the blockers an archive I wouldn't consider a blocker. We can have the R Team called on finality,…

Greg Osuri: Who's working on the archival mode? I mean, they shouldn't there be a

Boz Menzalji: that any all night have been talking to over the past few weeks.

Boz Menzalji: They're a team that's went out with from Sub query.

Anil Murty: .

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Or.

Greg Osuri: yeah, can someone So what are the timelines, who's funding it? How are we like Can you tell me more? Because we have an open process. So there's somebody working with a team privately. We need to know what that is, right? So everybody can benefit.

Anil Murty: Yeah, if I can just jump in here really quickly, a little, before I give it to you, give the mic to you. so Greg, I think basically, the way we move forward with analytics is in the next couple of weeks, we'll figure out if the cloud most team is willing to open source there in index a solution. If they are, then that would be I think in my mind, the best solution for us, because it's working right now, it's already designed to work with the Akash solution or with our casting akash network, and it does not require us to be running and maintaining a archival node. So I think that's kind of number one assuming that does not go through. Then, We would have to decide if

Anil Murty: Somebody from the community wants to run and maintain a Artur will load. Or we want to pursue the solution that Boz's talking about, which is essentially, a managed service that has a cost per month. And if that is the solution we pursue, then does the cost come from us or does it from the community. In either way, we're going to publicly document that Yep. Yes.

Greg Osuri: I mean. Cousins Overclock Labs is paying for it, but that would be a contribution by Overclock Labs to the cash community, So I had to be very open and…

Anil Murty: Yes.

Greg Osuri: clear about this. So, if we are looking at a SAS product to potentially help us with, Analytics versus Open Source Product. I mean I obviously would decide on the open source, right? I would rather have community build a product any day.

Anil Murty: Yeah, agreed on that part but just to be clear the SAS portion of it would just be the archival node the actual index of portion of it would be either. the solution from Lowell and his team or from Zach's team and I think Lowell your solution can But keep me honest if give me some stating it wrongly there but I know Zach's access definitely open source. And also go, I love.

Greg Osuri: Lowell.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yes, I have a question for both regarding the archival the Akash account. we had it running for one week I don't remember correctly one or two weeks that we only missing some issues to push forward that proposal. I don't know if we can continue moving forward with it or we just keep that one with the analytics.

Boz Menzalji: Okay all let's set up a following up call and learn to a little bit more about this archival mode. I was unaware that you were running one the last week or two

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: Yes, we were just finalizing some details. We were about to deliver it with the proposal, but it's Can talk about it. I just wanted to know it's still a need or…

Boz Menzalji: Okay.

Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal: it's not what is a really covered by this last provide that you

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, let's sync. and just catch up.

Anil Murty: Okay, so I think the action we take away from this is by the next steering committee. We'll have a clear direction on which of these solutions we are going to pursue both for Indexer, as well as for the archive will not. And either way, we're going to document. What the ultimate solution direction is for community to review as well as what the costs are, and where they're coming from. so,

00:45:00

Anil Murty: We'll take that as an action. I think that's the main ones.

Greg Osuri: It sounds good.

Anil Murty: Any others that people want to bring up. I don't think there's anything else but discussing but Anybody else want to talk about any of these other discussions here? Go for it.

Greg Osuri: Just a final point on the analytics. I understand that the archival node is the only SAS product but A few things that, should be taking into consideration. if we are using this as product, What is our dependency on the product to achieve analytics? What that means is, can that SAS product be replaced by an open source product that can be run by anybody? and that index indexer can talk to So The real reason For that compatibility is continuity, If that SAS product company goes out of business, or which happens quite a lot in crypto.

Greg Osuri: I don't want community not having analytics, So to risk that the potential, issue, we need to have everything open source. So even if something goes down community should pick it back up, should have the code base to run with it, right? That's my hesitance of any private conversations if they're happening with businesses, I would prefer a community driven project. That's open source over any, Priv. Products just for that reason, business continuity, so I think analytics is still not solved and we will probably know in the next couple of weeks. So proposes are still active, right? I think the solution would be

Greg Osuri: some hybrid of some, multiple things working on this single goal. Ideally, so Lowell, just because someone's talking to the beauty teams are talking to some companies that doesn't mean it's a final solution.

Greg Osuri: Great.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I agree. And yeah so I think In all cases we would ensure that being able to spin up our own archival node. If it came to, it would still work with whatever indexer solution we go with. So, make sense. cool, I guess I'll jump back to this because we're getting close to time here, talked about discussions, I guess at this point we just open it up to any other topics that people want to bring up anything else that we missed in terms of projects or Community feedback conflicts things, we should be talking about anything else anybody's mind.

Fig S: Hey guys. It's big here. I'm from script. I think Adam said I should Join this call to work out what part of which working group I maybe should work with and I was wondering is the time now to just say what I do and Just get into it. Yeah, cool.

Anil Murty: okay, so for it

Fig S: All Thanks for having me really cool to see how you guys work by the way. I haven't seen such a distributed organization.

Fig S: So what we do and if you've heard of squared but we use Axola network as well as ABC to do cross-chain swaps and transfers I think we're across 40 three chains now on Essentially, if you have any token on one chain, you can get any token on another chain in one click. And we make sure it's still composable with other actions. So you can do things like payments across chain. for example, we're working with most projects in the Cosmos Thing. For example, we're building cross chain lending. So you'd be able to If you have usdc on avalanche or if you've got Adam on the Cosmos hub, you can still land into a pool in one click.

Fig S: We've got an API and SDK, which is generally what people use to build with us. And we've got a set of front-end widgets which make it really easy to use our tech and I guess with you guys, I just be interested if it's useful at all to anything of what you're doing. from this call I can see one opportunity could be that you can 2.0 where we can allow anyone to pay in in usdc with one click from any token on any chain. So even if they've only been able to onboard onto polygon, they could still Theoretically pay for something on a cache in one. Click. And would love to put that with you guys. If you're interested.

00:50:00

Greg Osuri: Yeah, absolutely. I mean let's my big vision for me. For an ideal infrastructure. That's decentralized to be able to pay with any torque end for anything just like how you would use your credit cards today, So that's the ultimate goal. I think the first Step in that direction. We're enabling multi-currency settlement, right? So, As long as a provider, accepts the currency you should be able to pay using the currency protocol level. But My understanding is You do a swap to the target currency so technically It will be swapped to usdc and paid on paid using rash, Is that you see an acceler us gcm at

Fig S: Yeah, yeah. That's right. Yeah, yeah, actually Usdc could be now. We used to see. I get

Greg Osuri: Forgive me ignorance. But how is it different generally If I were to do it directly, using Does Acceler have an SDK. I'm played around with Exceller to have enough knowledge. But are you responsible for bridging Exceller between Ethan or converting from ERC 20 to Cosmos, native stuff or

Fig S: Yes, axela does bridging and…

Greg Osuri: Right.

Fig S: they lock uscc from Ethereum and then mint it on the Cosmos side and can send it to an address. But then Squid does a few things on top, we do the swaps on either end. so if you want to pay in any token or if the user and if you guys have experienced it, but if you want to get usdc from polygon, for example, you actually need to swap it into action usdc before you can bridge it over. And that's because I can only bridge, ethereum usdc or accidentally sdc, another chains. And the other thing Squid does is We allow the contract call as well on the other side and

Fig S: yeah, we have. a few other things but generally access moving across to squared. So satellite will is getting cooled down and the squid SDK. and front end is generally where people are gonna be bridging and moving tokens around.

Greg Osuri: Very cool may have few ideas. I want to love to brainstorm I think want to enable ethereum users to pay for hosting in ethereumally. They really Good use case,…

Fig S: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: If you're running a note or whatnot just deploy on a caution pay using it Just basic use case like that. I think it's going to open up a lot of doors for Akash.

Fig S: he made me love using the ease for things like, that's true. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Right.

Tyler Wright: It figures that the squidrader.com, that's in the chat.

Fig S: Yeah, that's us.

Fig S: Yeah. We've got.

Tyler Wright: Okay, in terms of next steps, certainly there's a SIG economics meeting that's happening. July 5th, next Wednesday. So if you wanted to participate in that we can make it the action item that you can get a demo and…

Fig S: Okay.

Tyler Wright: folks that are involved in the economics that are on with the cost can give you feedback and then we can take next steps from there.

Greg Osuri: I think in general,…

Fig S: Awesome.

Greg Osuri: Let's connect off, before this a guy wanna like brainstorm a few ideas with you just with Overclock team. I think this goes beyond It's really clients. Right. So this is on the client side. It doesn't really touch the Economic side of things from looking at your site it's really on the console. That we need to incorporate the router like the UI right in the front end. Yeah it's one of the client side.

Fig S: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: I would think but let's be brainstorm little bit before that and we can go with a bigger More educated proposal to the say clients. And then we can put a proposal on chain and you can work from there.

Fig S: Yeah, exciting. Sounds good.

Greg Osuri: But it's definitely values. It brings new users to a car so I think that's a clear value proposition.

Fig S: Yeah, so yeah. No worries.

Anil Murty: He was going to suggest exactly the same thing, which is when we talked about economics to do in the context. So that we talked about, I was writing up a PRD of sorts for user experience, improving the user experience, and a lot of that work is going to the seat lines video. I think this fit perfectly with that because ultimately this is going to make it really easy for people to be able to obtain the right currency to use on Akash, regardless of what currency they have right now. So I think it fits perfectly than that and so as we develop the user experience PRD for Agt economics 2.0 and stable payments, I think. Talking to you and incorporating it into. That would make other person sense out of curiosity. What kind of the costs associated with using this? I know we're almost on time, so if it's a longer conversation, we can have it. So pretty.

00:55:00

Fig S: No generally everything we do is free, we don't charge,…

Anil Murty: Okay.

Fig S: people integrate with us. we have a theme module, So if you guys want to charge fees for people to pay from other chains, you can, but there's no fees right now.

Anil Murty: Great.

Greg Osuri: Yes.

Anil Murty: Wasn't I guess we're right on time. So back to you. Try to close things up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all for again. The number of conversations, there's a number of action items including updating the projects list, some work around the second analytics and some other items that will get done between steering Committee's meetings. Again, the next one I believe is July 27th. So again, if anybody has any questions comments, thoughts, feel free to drop them in specific channels inside discord or the general chat where you can again at me specifically and get point in the right direction. But again, want to be be conscious. Everyone's time. Thank you all for participating Today. Let us know if you need anything in between meetings, and we'll talk to you all online. Thank you for all the hard work, again, The GPU Test Center is still active. So if anybody wants to participate there, feel free to go to W, the Working Group GPU and look at the MD file around the AI incentivize testnet and you can get started.

Tyler Wright: And from that file or inside discord. But everyone have a great day. Thank you all again.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Greg Osuri: Thank you so much.

Jigar Patel: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:58:18 👋

