# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #9

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, September 28th, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bw2dirmu4darmwcx74o24hzfkjzs7f33grrc5rdihgysff4kxyta.arweave.net/DbQ0RZTgwRZYV_8drh8lUnMvl3s0Yi7EaDmxIpeKviY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes:

- Anil reviewed the structure of the meeting for any new members.
- Anil started the meeting by asking if there any feedback on how things are going in the community or any grievances?
- There were no grievances in the community at this point.
- Anil reviewed the project list.
- Cheng talked about the utility of AKT. AKT is always going to be front and center.


### Projects:

- GPU support has done and is publicly released. This will be marked as released.
- Stable payments will be kept in implementation. There is one more thing that needs to be implemented. Further discussion.
- Tyler gave an update on Events Planning, Education, and Akash Hackathon.
- Tyler gave an update on the Akash Website. Piyush and his team have been focusing on the homepage and blog fucntionality.
  - A link to the website for testing can be found [here](https://akash-network.vercel.app/).
- Anil gave an update on all things related to analytics. There are a host of new features that Cloudmos team has been working.
- There is now UI within the Cloudmos app that lets you change the key and provider attributes. There is still a lot of work to be done as apart of an on going effort with wg-provider-attributes.
- Authorized Spend has
- Anil talked about what is happening with Content Moderation. Andrew Mello has been working on an automated solution for removing and filtering bad content.
- Luna is not on the call to give an update on Go Client Libraries, but AkashJS has been getting steady updates. Feel free to contribute to AkashJS.
- Greg suggested adding some new projects like private containers.
- Anil mentioned the idea of using Github Projects to have a board for the Akash Roadmap. Anil asked if anyone has any feedback.


### Github Discussions:

- The Metamask proposal passed on chain. John gave a detailed presentation at the last meeting.
- Anil talked about [AI/Model](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/300)
  - Thumper team and Shimpa have been testing to find the best provider to run the models on. After the testing is done, Anil will update the discussion in Github.

- Anil and Artur talked about https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/309. Greg really likes the idea at a high level.
  - Fee grant is working since Mainnet 6. That is completely different.
  - Artur mentioned that all of the IBC tokens are non fungible right now.
  - Artur wants to focus on packet forwarding first, and then come back to that.

**Open Discussion:**

- Andrew G asked about a new market maker that has reached out to us. Cheng asked that Andrew email him to connect the market maker.
- Anil mentioned that the goal is getting demand for GPUs and growing the network.
- Andrew asked about h100s on the network. Anil mentioned that there were h100s

  
### Action Items:

- Andrew G to connect Akash Team with ETHIndia organizers.
- Andrew G to get connect Cheng and potential market maker via email. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to steering committee monthly meeting number nine. During these steering committee meetings. This is the culmination of all these special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month. There's a typical agenda, where Anil leads us through going over, what's happening in the special, interest groups and working groups and making sure everything's working. All right, and then there's some discussion are folks are in the community look and the steering committee. Look at the discussions happening at Github and see if there's anything worth, again, analyzing or having further discussion with, and then a number of other items that happen on the agenda. I believe they're supposed to be two demos that are happening today, but I know it might be a late for a couple of folks that are on the other side of the world. So I'm just trying to make sure that those are going to happen if not and again, they can postpone those

Tyler Wright: But again, out of our last steering committee meeting, we're about one day out from Maine that made that six upgrade has appreciate everybody on this call and everybody in the community that helped that happen again. There's been a great deal of supply and demand. Since that may not six upgrade and again, there was a couple of issues that were being monitored out to the upgraded happened. The core team from Overclock has looked at some of those issues. And again, there's since been another node upgrade that's successfully happened yesterday, Some providers are continuing to upgrade their infrastructure but again maybe a shout out to a great deal of work. That's happened on the core product side and obviously with amongst clients and everybody in the community. So major shout out there. Without further ado, I'll hand over to a nail. To get us going with the typical agenda, and I'll be taking notes in the background. So when they'll take it away,

Anil Murty: Thanks, Hey everyone, I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen so we can go through the agenda as usual.

Anil Murty: Okay, pretty low attendance today. light redundance, maybe it's because of course, mowers or something else. So we can keep this very short hopefully and I don't know Tyler if the demos are gonna be happening but I'll try to keep this very short so we can leave time for the demos Okay, so like we usually do, we're going to go through and discuss any community feedback any sort of grievances complex about things or just generally get updates for how things are going. in terms of running the community, And then look through list of projects, talk about any sort of updates on individual items and then prioritize things as necessary. and then review any new guest github discussions and potentially discuss any proposals that are up for the governance proposal next

Anil Murty: So that's kind of the goals before we get going. let's talk about if there's any feedback from anyone in terms of, how the sigs and work groups have been running or any sort of things that people think we should be changing in terms of how we've been operating the open model. Of course.

Anil Murty: Any feedback from anyone?

Anil Murty: Okay, I guess we'll take that as a note as usual and move on to the comment.

Anil Murty: Thanks All I guess The next thing? Go ahead. Robert.

Robert Del Rey: I was going to send the comment but since you read my last message I just will set it out loud. I just hope you feel better than last week and I know you were sick last week, right?

Anil Murty: For Appreciate much better last month, Thank you so much. Yeah, it was a bad company.

Robert Del Rey: He was the last call, I'm sorry.

Anil Murty: No Yeah, so if there's no other feedback or things people want to bring up then we can move on to talking about the project list. So, we're going to hear. I'm sure there's a bunch of updates. We got to make to this table, and we'll do them right after this call. Once we talk through them. So GPU support obviously is out there now. And so this is technically done, it's Beyond Beta, it's publicly released. So we're going to mark this as released at this point unless there's any objections from anyone.

Anil Murty: Take that as a no. I think the same applies to stable payments in settlement as well. There's probably going to be work that's needed on the client side that the cloud most team and some of us have been talking about but from the perspective of actually supporting it in the core product I think they're pretty good in terms of that at this point. Unless Artur, you think there's things reasons why we should this open here.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks there is actually one thing upcoming related to step appointments. So, that's what we keep it at implementation phase. And then we can Discuss it once economics.

Anil Murty: Sounds Cool. And then Economicstude Auto, I think it's kind of the similar thing as stable payments. It's kind of the thing you're talking about I think is kind of related a little bit to both of them so we can keep them both in implementation if that's okay. With your

Anil Murty: People. That can give updates on the next three items. I know Adam Wozni is not on the call, I don't know Tyler, if you have any updates on the certification program, even planning and Hypathon

Tyler Wright: I believe the certification program is currently on Hold right. Now again, I think that folks that contribute to the SIG committee are sick community. Have brought up a number of ideas. So if anybody here on the call, has any ideas around that do you program please feel free to join that special super community.

Tyler Wright: On the event planning side. I know that again Cosmo versus coming up. So a number of folks on this call in the community will be attending that in person, I believe there's a proposal on chain right now, for quarter four. But again events are pretty well planned for 2023. So I think this is good to go right now in terms of being done, the Akash HACKATHON has one day left. So again there will be some further messages going out but the Akash HACKATHON that with both and last week was extended for a couple of folks that are for everybody. At the couple folks just wanted to finish some projects that they were working on with that in mind. Again There's one day left there is a link that I'll put in the chat for door hacks where you can get instructions on how to submit. But again the submissions will be closing tomorrow and then moving into again,

Tyler Wright: Judging grading phase and distribution of rewards. So I'm going to throw that in the chat for everybody.

Anil Murty: Thank you title, appreciate the update. So I guess we can probably put certification on hold, at this point. and then even planning, I think it's pretty much done. I don't think there's any more events will go to plan outside of the ones that are already indicated here. And then our cash back on, this is ongoing. So we'll leave that in implementation.

Anil Murty: The next one's dockside migration, and I know. The website team had a few updates that they wanted to share today. Maybe potentially talking about timelines and maybe I don't know if there's a demo something, but it is that it was in Denis that was gonna leave the updates on that.

Tyler Wright: I'll give an update because I think that Denis might be in a situation where he's muted right now on the dark side, migration the process that the Luna and the crate search team did to Migrate from Getbook to Hugo that process is complete so we can mark this is done push and the website team are going to take the work that Luna's done. And again, it's going to be a part of their website rebam right now, in terms of the website, revamp, the Pearson's team or 11 days in after the proposal pass on chain for the community funds for website, revamp and they've been focusing on the homepage and the blog page,

Tyler Wright: I can share my screen real fast and then I'll also put a link to it in the chat. There's a version that they've been sharing most recently in the working group for the cost website, which meets every Thursday where again, maybe it's just been focusing on functionality with one of the main focuses being on everything being entailed, when CSS. And then again just making sure that a Greg did a great job of setting standards for what the website should look and feel like because it's an open source website and there's certain standardization.

Tyler Wright: Abide So by those standards again, piercing his team have tried to make the blog as fast as possible. So if you can go to the blog page right now again and click around the loading speed is very quick and that's something that is certainly important for all as we continue to again, optimize the website. So I know that they've been focusing on backend functionality right now and again, we'll continue to update folks in the community, anybody that wants to join that working group with the cash website is more than welcome to join and keep up to date on all things happening with the website.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Excellent. Thanks for the update title.

Anil Murty: The next one here is onto analytics, which is basically the work that is happening under SIG, analytics. I think the main updates over here are basically as we. So, first and foremost, I guess it's worth mentioning that, we had a PRD that was out there in the discussions and then it's now in the community. Repose then documents exactly. The kinds of things that we would like to see from analytics and we've looked at a few different solutions and ultimately decided that Cloud Moses Index and their solution is the one that we want to kind of standardize on there is another cop, the folks that are building, indexes for not just akash but other Cosmos projects as well. And one of them has agreed to continue working in Akash and they take solution in exchange for delegations and so that is something that in progress as well. But we are primarily using

Anil Murty: Blood most as the analytic solution for our side. So with that said, I guess one update that I'll share is what we realized over the context of, loading out GPU support, as well as Talking to customers in watching people deploy workloads onto GPUs is we realize that one of the challenges we have is there is no easy way to tell.

Anil Murty: how many of a given type of GPU? We have at a given point of time, so we can see. Obviously the total number of GPUs that are on the network, how many are being used and how many are available but there's no clear way of knowing, for example, if the question I had with how many hundreds are available today for a customer that, wants cluster of eight, even hundreds, it's really hard to get that information. Let alone knowing whether it's all available in one provider or in multiple providers. So, we've chatted with the cloud most team and with the core team as well on these topics and, The ultimate ideal solution requires changes on the code base, to be able to provide that information to provide a status endpoint. But in the interim, what the cloud most team has done and this is coolers to the maxes who I think that's all it is experience. And on route to Istanbul is basically divided for now they've already lab

Anil Murty: To indicate what types of GPUs are on a given provider. So you can see this new column that is added here and I just go through and see if there's multiple data GPU types. Those are indicated here. It's not the ideal solution that we want, but it's something to start with, in addition to what the console team is working on right now. It's not really analytics, but for the concert team is working on, is showing you the types of GPUs that are available to you. When you go to deploy something and I believe the cloud most team is also going to implement the same situation. So that's a little bit of work that's going on there, but we are going to prioritize.

Anil Murty: The work necessary on the core side to support, being able to return the GPA model types in the status endpoint from the providers so that we can produce a better analytic solution to look at, the total quantity of a given GP model. So that's one of the big updates on the analytics side outside of that cloud. Most team has been steadily producing new updates to the index as well, including supporting the analytics of a GPUs, as well as the Play-Doh dashboard support, person analytics, as well. So certain extent, So great work on by both team, as well as the Pitro team. In terms of supporting these charts in the respect of dashboards, it's been extremely useful. To have those as we applied to build momentum or akashi views on social media and other places.

Anil Murty: Any other questions once again electrics or analytics in general?

Anil Murty: Okay, we went on to the next thing on the item on the agenda. Here is provide attributes. So I'm sure most people have seen the updates from the Cloud. Most team there is now within the Cloud, most app that a provider. If you're connected, with your provider wallet, it lets you edit the attributes that you've specified, and be able to change the key as well as the value of them. And I think this has been A huge, value add to the service that they provide because now not only can provide us make these changes easily. It'll let us determine what are the attributes if you're missing? Because now we get feedback and then we can also see if certain keys and strings are working or they're not working. This is still a lot more work to be done in terms of not just

00:15:00

Anil Murty: supporting some of the attributes that you want to support but also actually defining what those are. This is an ongoing effort that will be continuing in the WG Provider Attributes channel as well as any meetings on it.

Anil Murty: Moving on to the next thing here, I'll just keep going down the list to keep things moving but if there's any questions or things that people want to bring up, please raise your hand or interrupt me. Authorized Pin Management Here. Also, there's been significant word from the cloud most team supporting, basically two things, one a dashboard for being able to see all the wallets that you've authorized spent for as well as supporting essentially a gasless experience, where if you want to authorize funds for a wallet, And the wallet doesn't have any Akt right now being able to grant them funds in that situation. so that is either out there or in progress. So there's good. Work happening on that side as well. If you're curious about what all this is. There's a spec that is linked from here, definitely take a look at that.

Anil Murty: The The content, Moderation team met yesterday, as part of the sync providers call. So if you're on that, you probably are pretty caught up on this, but to provide a quick high level summary. And then, if anybody else wants to jump in, particularly from the greater team side, feel free to jump in. But essentially, some really good updates from Andrew Melo. who basically I believe it's like a icon strip or a Samsung kind of a script that is able to scan a given provider and report on specific types of content and potentially block that content or kill the deployment. If there is a certain type of content on it, I believe he's going to be celebrating that as part of his HACKATHON. Submission.

Anil Murty: And then the Creator team is after supporting GPUs and all of that is back on back and prioritizing the work for supporting both the API for moderation as well as for, reporting on content. So that's kind of the updates on that side, significant amount of progress and continued work. I don't know. They were already jigar. If you have any other updates to share,

Anil Murty: Sounds good. night Libraries, I was hoping, somebody from the call art team would be on the call today, because that's where I don't have a lot of updates doesn't look like they are

Anil Murty: But I don't know if anybody else knows what. to Initially, they were focused on the go client and then they are the Java client, I would say, and then they switch case to the Go client. So I'm not quite sure where they are with in terms of their work or their current plans. But on the JavaScript side Akash JS has been getting steady updates either from the Cloud most team or the console team continuing to add. features that are common to both the clients into the common code basis and akashias. And if you're curious about, what those common areas out of this document here, that outlines, what each client is using. And what we look to any factor or factor out the common functionality into akashias. And if it's something that you want to help out on, definitely hit me up or post a PR and Akashi. Yes.

Anil Murty: Does anybody have any updates for what, the Luna and Quasar team might be working on in terms of client libraries at this point?

Anil Murty: Take that as a no. I'm going to hit up or maybe Tyler, you can hit up the lunar team and ask them if they're still working on this because I know at some point there was I think it's probably still an open spec As a full request. so if there's no active work happening, we should just close out that spec because I believe or maybe it was already closed down and quite sure.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think we already closed it out. I know that Luna and the Chrysler team are working on a much larger project, but I will get an update on the Go client libraries and make sure that continues to move forward or an updated shared someplace.

00:20:00

Anil Murty: Okay, Thank you. And then I think the remaining things are kind of either. In spec, this provider services refactor. There's a portion of it that is implemented but it's kind of been on pause since then so I'll change that on hold at this point. And I think the remaining things on this list are pretty much in a similar state. So I don't think you need to spend the time going through each and every one of these.

Anil Murty: Is there some other project that we're not talking about that needs to be on this list that anyone can think of at this point?

Greg Osuri: I would suggest. Having the newer aspects we're tracking the private containers. the features that I saw you talk about, in our meetings would be nice to actually have them,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: proposes, a new A key requirement. We are seeing is private containers, right?

Greg Osuri: and also just general aspects of Exposing. The GPU. Are having no visibility that's back up that we designed. and also, ideally A.

Greg Osuri: I want to get this publicly funded, Because I think from now on it has to be very obvious. We have quite a lot of work and we should sort of spec out all this work and have a public funding for it. So it'll be good to create a project for that and link the public fund, the project, my thoughts.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah make sense. We do have an item for private image repository and supporting private containers in here. But to your point we need to create a spec for it, assign it to a specific sign and stuff like that. So we'll work on that and actually that's a perfect segue into something else I want to talk about which is one of the things I was discussing with. The 14 was the idea of a potential project board. And let me see if I can actually find this. Let's do it here.

Anil Murty: Strange.

Anil Murty: So I was trying to create what is essentially the idea for cohesive roadmap. It's the one thing I realized with the table that we look at is It's one dimensional. It just tells you What are the projects that are there and it's kind of hard to understand that glance which state they're in so potential idea is to have a board similar to the one that you're seeing up here this is just a rack at this point. But essentially idea is every time there's something that comes up in one of these calls, it goes into the backlog here and then as people are working on it, it moves to, ready for development. When it has a spec that is been reviewed and it's been approved by the devs that are going to be working on it.

Anil Murty: And then in progress in test, if there is a beta or some kind of a test net or staging environment and then ultimately released. So there's something that I was just starting to work on in discuss with our core team seems very supportive of this and obviously the first item on that is secret management, which is basically supporting secrets, so we can do private containers and other things as well. So that's definitely high of the priority list but kind of wanted to share this idea and see if there's any thoughts on this as well.

Greg Osuri: Allows idea, in fact. The first roadmap we had for Akash was a github project and that was much easier to update.

Greg Osuri: yeah, this

Anil Murty: Yeah, the challenge always is trying to keep it low enough overhead while at the same time providing visibility. So yeah, I think overwhelmingly people have been supportive of this idea. The one thing I'm ensure of is, ideally what we would do is we would create high level epics or, basically milestones in this view here, and then we would tie individual tasks. So let's say, secret management requires work on the core side, some work on The clients and then some work in the documentation side, each of those would be individual tasks under that one single milestone. I don't know if this actually is able to pull things across projects something that was on my list of things to check out. So I'll make sure I do that and if it does and it's great if not we'll have to find some higher level way of doing this.

Anil Murty: But yeah, awesome. If anybody has any other thoughts on this and hasn't thought of them yet, feel free to hit me up at any point to discuss. I'm going back to any other things that people want to bring up in terms of projects that aren't mentioned here.

00:25:00

Anil Murty: What does excited when we're good? Going back to this now. The third thing, we do on these meetings is look at the discussion board and see sort of what's been going on there. I think last time we talked about the things all the way up to this point will rehash a couple of these and then talk about the new ones as well. So I believe this one's passed to this point. Yeah, they're bringing Metamaska cash by the Cosmo. Snap last time John gave a very detailed update on his side of what he's doing or what an answer to a bunch of questions and then since in this proposal is So awesome, this work should be underway. Any other thoughts are concerns or questions about this thing?

Anil Murty: Okay, take that as as well. The next one is AI Foundation model training thing that I've been very closely involved. to provide an update on this There's been a decent amount of discussion in the comments under this from a few. And I believe most of the questions if not all have been answered. So there's no, people that are opposed to this idea as far as I know, I was at the point where I wanted to update this proposal with some of the comments that have come in just to reflect the feedback that we've gotten, but subsequently in this something that has been going on, and among a handful of people we have been running tests. So shimpa and as well as the Temple team Logan have been involved in this along with myself in a couple of other folks.

Anil Murty: We've been running tests on finding a provider that we can use for this and basically the Temporary I team has been trying to test a smaller version of what they'll be doing in terms of their training, much more bad size. So they've been doing this for the last three weeks or so and that test concluded yesterday. So hopefully this week will know if we have a good provider that we can utilize for this exercise and then once I get a confirmation from the temporary, I'll be updating this governance proposal and pushing This proposal and pushing it to the ground. It's proposal formally as well. And then, I think we're pretty close. We're pretty much. More or less in line with the timeline that I've outlined here. So hopefully, we'll be able to stick to this going forward as well.

Anil Murty: Any feedback questions?

Anil Murty: The next one on this is Fiatraction, which I clearly have not looked at yet. I don't know if there's somebody that can speak about this or as read through and can talk about it on the call today. Obviously, the person that wrote it I don't think is on the call.

Anil Murty: I mean, it sounds like a thing that would be valuable at a high level, but I still have to read through the details

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's obviously you want that thing to but requires a little bit of work. The first of all, how it's gonna be integrated in a car and you just need to get all the insights how the fee abstraction is actually implemented. So I keep an eye on that and as soon as we have full step way down as well as confidence, you're gonna start publishes back for that and The conversion works.

Anil Murty: That's good. Thank you.

Greg Osuri: I mean, even sent correctly, this is

Anil Murty: Correct.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's good.

Artur Troian: Yes, he Grant is what we actually put that chain on My Netflix. So, let us completely different. another big issue is that item is Keep in mind that all of the IBC tokens right now. They are not unfangible. So that creates some difficulties the token that has came and say from osmosis to a car. It should come back to as posses We're gonna first. Think about pocket forwarding that allows us to do native tokens on the chain and then we go back to that.

00:30:00

Anil Murty: So, thank you guys. Go back to this. Stupid payments with the apply USD. Yeah, this doesn't have a whole lot of information, so I don't know if you want to spend a lot of time on this.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that's on this one for now.

Anil Murty: Then this I think is a continuing conversation around the events. So I think we got an events update already from Tyler. So we could have this one unless Was on the call and you want to add anything. This doesn't look like. He?

Tyler Wright: The only thing I'll add is This is up her boat right now on chain again there's been some discussion. I know that Huey and Adam and others have just been trying to be as transparent with all the things that have been spent out. Why are dogs and sense wise on the budget. So if anybody has any further questions again this is up for Proposal for Q4. As you can just take a look at this discussion, but I think folks have had plenty of time to look at this.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Muslim jumping back to this. Yeah. And I think that's kind of all the things we have for today. I guess we'll just open it up for any other questions, or Concerns or feedback from anyone on the call.

Anil Murty: Good.

Tyler Wright: I guess real quick again, I gave a quick update of what's happening with the website revamp event. Again, If anybody wants to join those conversations feel free to join the meetings on Thursdays.

Tyler Wright: Additionally, there is a team note ops that has been very active in the ecosystem. Working on a number of items. They were supposed to do a demo today, but again, they are halfway around the world so it might be two or three and their time. So, completely understood. I do want to put a link to what they're working on in the chat, so that at least people can interact with it. Hopefully, they'll be able to give a demo at the next steering committee, or we'll find a place for them to give a demo very soon. But again, they built a tool that basically is a chat tool that makes it easier for folks to get started and leverage the documentation and Scott, and others have been working on for So again, the digested documentation, a number of items from Github and is a chat based tool. That's allows people to pull code, understand how to do things, like become a validator

Tyler Wright: A provider specific things related to using the cosh network. But again just wanted to put a preliminary message out there to folks on this call that they will be getting a demo and have been working on this for some time amongst other projects. And again, just look out for that if you see it in discord. I know that Scott and some other folks have been testing it already. But again if anybody has any feedback or any thoughts on the tool, please feel free to message myself and we can get you an appropriate channels.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. I think that's about what we have today. but, Andrew.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you. Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hey guys, I'm just a few questions real quick. First one is for Cheng, I suppose, so I have new market Maker reach out to me. I don't know if we have one. Okay, we are looking for the one or do we have accept applications for the market makers? Because there has been a bunch of them. Still one it's kind of saying that he can our outperform, our market maker and give us Some organic liquidity. So I don't know if I should forward them to the discord or to the team or how are we supposed to interact with them actually.

00:35:00

Cheng Wang: A good question. Just pass them on to myself via email and we can sort it out from there.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm just DM me than the email in discord because I don't think I have it. Okay. Thanks.

Cheng Wang: Sounds good.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Second one guys from Ethereum India, the fall the fully or reach out and they want to onboard Arkash for one of the programs also, I don't know if we are interested in that and so I moved I said them to just right. The messages now with this court, for the team to reach out, but probably if there is one somebody specifically, who would like to talk with them about this, they are on Program, who would it be? And where should I forward them?

Andrew Gnatyuk: What if we are interested in at all in this stuff?

Cheng Wang: Sorry, could you expand on that a little bit Andrew? I'm not quite understanding.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So I am assuming this is some development team from Ethereum India.

Cheng Wang: I say I think that would be best with Gregg andâ€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: And yeah. And they

Cheng Wang: Neil Greg. I don't know if you don't want to throw you into the crossfire here, but do you have any comments on that?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Some. Yes,â€¦

Greg Osuri: I'm sorry. some came from Ethereum. Here is wanting to do.

Cheng Wang: A development team. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: some development team from Ethereum India is and they want to onboard Akash for one of their programs. And they just asked if we are interested in that.

Greg Osuri: Of course. We're interested. But What's the ask?

Andrew Gnatyuk: So he wasn't specific. I just tell him to write in discord, but if he will, give me some details because probably it was late late night when I replied to him. So yeah. If I get more details, I will just probably forward them to Anil or to you Greg, it's okay.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, it works. I mean Anil or any of us but generally if anybody wants to use a cash, don't turn them away.

Anil Murty: Yeah, this is good.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, all sorts of demand is great. Thank you for bringing your bell. Andrew, all sorts of demand is great, but definitely very interested in understanding the detailed use case, I was slacking on the side and wasn't playing attention but anyway is fine on discord. Just tagged me on any channel. Anywhere is fine. Totally, we'll set up a meeting.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep.

Anil Murty: We can like you and I and in this team can get together to talk about the use case. See how we can help out.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, Okay. We'll do also guys, from on-ramp money. I suppose, this is some fear to Crypto Bridge. They reach out to me on telegram and asking if we need this, fear to Crypto Bridge, for Europe, I assuming they're not working for the USA but probably Europe and probably Asia, I know, are we still exploring the s fiat to crypto bridges or something like that?

Anil Murty: Yes, I'll say that we've got to say, we've gotten a fair amount of interest, pretty much. I think multiple of us on the codeine, get hit up by people. Building fiat on ram solutions in this week but doesn't know them. So, my general inclination is to say, I don't want to say we don't want it, but just not a super high priority just at this point. But yeah, curious to know it is in have

Greg Osuri: to give you an update on Fiat on ramp, I think we are looking at

Greg Osuri: supporting credit cards without ramp in the sense Akashimal we announced a customer very soon recently and we'll probably have a working product way. Soon, the goal is to not interact with crypto at all. I don't think on ramping customers if he had is a problem as much as interacting with crypto is a problem for machine learning developer. So in our lives, give you not interested in Subpar experience. Where are you first load up on crypto and using a credit card and then you deal with the other nasty stuff that you are. So

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I would just throw one bit of input in there.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Gathered.

Cheng Wang: It depends. I think really what the point of contact is for a user coming in, and as far as the ramp experience, So if there is a specific proposal, Andrew that anyone has out there for whatever functionality, they think would be additive to a caution network in general. I would highly suggest they write that up and it get out. Discussions for more broader engagement, with the community. And so we can take a look at it because I'm saying, Hey, we have this particular offering in this particular, whatever it is that the details are a little bit lacking. So I think having it, and Github discussions, what would feed into this particular call much better and allow us to assess with greater clarity in certainty, as far as, what they're actually going to be doing and then the public funding can judge by year and essentially

00:40:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: You got it. Okay, thanks. So basically just like trying to move the pitches to Github discussions andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Exactly similarâ€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: see what they will show us. Yeah, okay.

Cheng Wang: what like Pieushan his team had done for the website, right? we had rather a bunch of open issues and things like that. They consolidated it into one cohesive proposal to build those solutions, so I think something like that would be very helpful, To say Hey look, we think He's a problem statement. Here's how we think we can help. Here's what we think. It'll take cause etc and engage the community that way and obviously we are part of the community to we'll be right there.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, yeah. Okay. I think that's all from my side. So thank you for that. Just

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Anil for leading us again. Is there any other conversations or questions anybody has before I let y'all go?

Tyler Wright: again, just a reminder. One day left for the Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, one more before I didn't forget. So the damage team wrote a proposal for a cash. I'm deposited in our telegram chat. I assumes they're planning to post it in our discussions and github. So it's Incentivized Akt landing pool on neutron. they just wanted to had a brief answers or brief opinions from the community before they're gonna post it in our discussions. I just wanted to know if we are looking for these guys of spool band spending landing pools and some additional utilities for ikt right now. On landings and landing protocols, etc.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I would say throw those into the discussions too. As far as â€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay.

Cheng Wang: focus and concentration. it's not something super top of mind for us per se because, I think for the core team, as well as the community, we're focusing on getting wider and wider adoption and growing right adoption for Caution Network. But for the other stuff around,â€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: lending protocols other token, liquidity uses and we had a call earlier. I think last week or week prior rather with another 5 startup thinking about personal and all that stuff, I mean these are all discussions that can be had publicly too if it doesn't quite reach us privately.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, and I'll just go a little bit of watching. Said and add something more for context. Andrew, is basically, at the highest level, Our goal right now is driving demand, but then specifically also driving demand for GP workloads. So, I mean, I think it's pretty clear that we've had very little trouble getting supply of GPUs. There's been an exponential growth and GPUs we've had a fair amount of demand as well, but there's always more that we can do to drive more demand. And so in general, if any of these propos directly positively impact demand, then those are obviously priority number one and then second is like if there's proposals that would potentially get us.

Anil Murty: Supply, whether it's, creating incentives or, generally incentivizing or getting more people to host their GPUs on or compute on akash, that would kind be second.

Anil Murty: But yeah, thank you for sharing all those appreciate it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: If gathered by the way, in terms of GPUs and sorry, I missed the first part of the convo. Do we have estimate time for when we are planning to put h100 to the marketplace?

Anil Murty: So we already did So when we launched there was, at least one class group H100. We had them running for a couple of weeks. There's four h 100s hosted by the pretor team. I was coordinating with them closely. Thanks, Jigar for helping out of that. Yeah, we had the What we realized was there aren't a lot of people that can actually utilize hornets as much. Right now, the demands a lot higher for a 100 say 6,000 but as we see more demand, we can definitely spend back up hornets. Did you have any specific workloads or customers that were requesting them?

00:45:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: No, no was just general speaking because it was talks on telegram, So just wanted to know the answers.

Anil Murty: Got it. Yeah, so we did definitely have a provider running hornets for at least a couple of weeks.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay, got it. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Yep.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andrew again, as previously events. I know you do a great job in telegram of keeping up to date on all things to Cost-related if you can continue to push people as Cheng mentioned to Github discussions. If things are in preliminary state and you want to get feedback from folks on this call or just focus in the community. Feel free to also throw them in respective, special interest group channels. Even if you have to do it on Polk's behalf, it'd be great to Again, start a dialogue so we know kind of what's happening on all the things and telegram and folks on the steering committee can have a little bit of time to read and react versus just on the spot. Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, just want to also say, Andrew for this and for the record for everyone to know it's asking folks to post these things to github discussions, accomplish a couple of things, it's not simply a hot potato, all right? and push the discussion of problem and to Github discussions but is really to engage the community. and I think it speeds things up quite frankly and skips a step because a lot of these elements require public funding public discussion So I think going straight there and engaging the community in addition to Overclock collapse Core team at the same time, we'll definitely help speed things up and get to the end result faster. And also does two other things. One is accountability for, the core team and whoever else it mentions right as far as getting responses for and it puts it into the kind of public record for discussion in sigs, working groups, as well as the steering Committee meeting. And the last thing I would say is that, I think it forces the proposer of the

Cheng Wang: Russian points to write something or think some of the things through a little bit more thoroughly, right? Because it is going into a public forum and I think that that benefits everyone

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, got it. Thanks for the answers.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would also just add very quick that it's also a great filtering mechanism. I know, as Anil mentioned, there's a number of folks that are reaching out to get a piece of what's going on in the Akash network. And so, again, pushing them to the discussions and other channels, allows us to filter out who's very serious and want to continue building with the cash network. But again, much appreciate all the work that you're doing into

Tyler Wright: if there's no other conversations and again, a much appreciate everybody's time today for the steering committee on committee. Number, nine notes, transcript, and recording will be available soon for folks. And again, look out for continued notifications and updates on discord. I know that there was again a node upgrade that happened yesterday, followed by providers having to make some small updates. So please stay engaged in discord with all that's going on. So look out for many more announcements in the future. Much appreciate everyone again. And I hope everyone has a great rest of the day and week.

Tyler Wright: Talk soon. Thank you. All.

Cheng Wang: Thank you, everyone. Thanks. Fingers.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye guys. Thanks.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, everybody. Thanks.

Meeting ended after 00:49:02 ðŸ‘‹
