# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #10

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, September 28th, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://4yrnmjlm3nco2ccfkbkv67s6cfgvgrge7op5dfwnv6gn46mueqxa.arweave.net/5iLWJWzbRO0IRVBVX35eEU1TRMT7n9GWza-M3nmUJC4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Greg Osuri
- Herman Drotz
- Jannick H
- Jigar Patel
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Piyush Choudhary
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tommy Eastman
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zach Ross


## Notes:

- Anil reviewed the structure of the meeting for any new members.
- Anil started the meeting by asking if there any feedback on how things are going in the community or any grievances?
- There were no grievances in the community at this point.
- Anil reviewed the project list.
- Cheng talked about the utility of AKT. AKT is always going to be front and center.


### Projects:

- GPU support has done and is publicly released. This will be marked as released.
- Anil brought up the engineering board.
- Cheng mentioned that there will be a marketing and community board
- Anil wants to retire the table, and replace it with boards.
- Anil and Artur talked about Stable Payments. Still in progress with native stable coins. This may require a network upgrade. This could require packet forwarding, and there is a solution being worked on this. After that this can be marked "released".
- Piyush gave a demo on the work with website revamp. 
- Events 2024 working group session is happening Friday November 
- EDU certification is being restarted. More details coming soon.
- Anil asked about any thoughts or questions regarding the Akash Hackathon.
- Cheng talked about feedback he had about the hackathon. There was also a retro with participating members.
- Anil mentioned he saw variance
- Piyush will share a link to the docs page on the website over the next week.
- Anil talked about on-chain analytics.
- Anil mentioned that Piber brought up a good idea about analytics.
- Anil mentioned that there is an issue where provider attributes from Cloudmos get wiped when provider is restarted. Max mentioned Providers need to update their provider.yaml file to reflect the changes made on Cloudmos.
- Anil asked if Authorized spend management PRD is complete. Cloudmos has all of this working fully functional. This will be changed to "released".
- Deval mentioned that Praetor team will do another demo for content moderation.
- They are going to submit PRs to share binary.
- Tyler mentioned that there is a network upgrade coming soon. 


### Github Discussions:

- Anil gave an update on the Foundational model work with Thumper.
- Anil thought about doing model with stable diffusion 1.5. Doing stable diffusion 2.0 would have been 5 times the cost. It was noticed that Databricks had a paper that they were working on with Cornell to train with stable diffusion 2.0.
- Anil and the Thumper team weighed options and decided to run a foundational model with Pixart alpha. Pixart claims to produce images with the same quality as stable diffusion XL. Costs will be the same as asked.
- Shimpa is working on bringing of the provider now. There will be a lot of updates coming via Akash Network marketing channels.
- Piyush talked about https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/349.
- Piyush shared a demo for people to look at. Find it [here](https://www.loom.com/share/55b7f978c66b4153b23336a0702e8248?sid=81a11736-ff67-49ee-974d-0427e704e347). This will be built on top of Cloudmos.
- Anil asked what provider would this be trained on. Who is going to be the provider, and who is going to manage?
- Piyush said the model will be trained on Akash. The AKT requested.
- Anil mentioned that Zach Ross from Foundry has a100 researches.
- Anil asked how much the training costs versus hosting costs?
- Anil asked why the cost went up from $50,000 to $63,000.
- Anil supports this proposal.
- Julius asked how many people are working on it. Piyush mentioned his team has 8 people.
- Anil suggested using Foundry for training the AI. Collaboration will follow.


**Open Discussion:**

- Tyler reiterated that there is a Network Upgrade coming soon. Messages will be shared in Discord and beyond. 
  
### Action Items:

- Authorized Spend Management will be moved to "released"
- Piyush to figure out how many a100s hours are needed. 



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to steering committee monthly meeting number 10. Usually these monthly meetings for the steering committee happened at the end of every month. But for this month it got moved. So thank you everybody for accommodating the date change.

Tyler Wright: Again during committee's Anil and members of student committee Syrian committee walk us through project lists GitHub discussions. And then there's a time for open discussions at the end of anybody has anything that they want to talk about relate to the cash Network today is an added action item. I see piyush's on the call. So again a number of updates related to initiatives that are going on go on during specific special interest group calls. I know that the parade tour team does a great job of giving updates and all the work that they've been doing since receiving community pool funding on during sick providers calls and in Discord, you're just a great job of letting us know what he and his team are working on since they've received community pool funding for the website revamp during the working group of class website a weekly meetings. These are all again meetings that are open to anybody if they have any questions comments thoughts ideas, but

Tyler Wright: I know the piyush is going to take maybe two to three minutes a day just to give the wider group an update on the work that he and his team have been doing on what the website. So I think that we'll have that after the GitHub discussions as an agenda item. But without further Ado again last month rather was a quieter meeting. I know a number of people were traveling because of Versa number of other meetings. So we talked about follow-up discussion from metamask as well as

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tommy. Hey everyone's doing well. I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen and then we can go to the usual just things that we do.

Anil Murty: Okay, so for those of you that are joining us for the first of all, welcome and just a quick rundown of what we do on these calls the idea with these calls is not to go into Super depth on any given topic. Although we might think one topic that people want to talk about on a different week just in the interest of time, but in general what we do on these calls is we review and address any Community feedback in terms of how things are running in the six in the work groups. As well as any sort of conflicts that might be potentially happening. So if there's any of those bring those up, And then we review the list of projects that are in the backlog as well as anything that's being worked on right now and just be at a high level talk about, potentially any blockers or any issues on those or if there's good progress, report on the progress. And then the third thing we do is review. We try to review.

Anil Murty: most of the new GitHub discussions that have been posted since the last hearing committee meeting and if possible have a discussion with the person that posted that specific discussion. ideally what we like to do is have the person that created the discussion join these meetings and talk about, their vision for that specific proposal if it's a proposal or just agenda discussion. And then of course if there's any other questions from anyone we can take those up as well. Before we get into these are there any questions from anyone about the agenda?

Anil Murty: Cool, I guess we'll get started with first one. Is there any sort of feedback from anyone about generally the cigs in the work groups or things that we need to talk about in terms of conflicts?

Anil Murty: Never a couple of minutes see if anybody wants to bring up any sort of feedback.

Anil Murty: usually get nothing in this part of the meeting so Nothing different from that this time. Okay, I guess we'll move on to the projects list. But if there's anything that people can think of later, please feel free to post it in the chat and we can go revisit it at the end. So let's move on and talk about the projects list. So for those that are joining the first time there is a link here to the list of projects. You can also get to it from GitHub in the project list directory.

00:05:00

Anil Murty: that's out here. And one of the things I want to call out is in the last steering committee meeting one of the things we talked about was potentially using a project board for managing some of these projects. So what we have done since then is We've created a community board specifically for engineering and development projects and within the overclock engineering team. We've been using that to sort of Keep track of progress as well as priorities between various development tasks. So if you want to get to that you can just go to Akash Network the route the degree and for the root repository in GitHub, and then from here if you click on projects. What you see is a link to a cohesive product in engineering roadmap. So we click on this.

Anil Murty: What you'll see here is basically a project board that shows you kind of, various initiatives or sub projects that are in progress as well as in the backlog for what the development teams are working on. So primarily in progress ones are the ones that are getting the most attention right now. And then this next one here is the up list that is a prioritize list of what we would potentially be looking at next. So if you haven't take any located yet, please do take a look at it. Once again, you have to go to the root Akash Network and click on projects to get to this. But some of the main things that the teams have been working on most actively are from the core team side. We've been working on. Provider feature Discovery as well as making provider attributes available in bids. This is primarily driven by the fact that we have seen,

Anil Murty: Fairly active amount of usage of gpus on the network but one of the things we've noticed as a result of that is there are pain points in terms of being able to find the exact gpus that you want on the network and then when you actually go into a deployment, there's no way of knowing which GPU you're getting in cases where you don't actually indicate with GPU in the STL. So these kind of address those constraints are those problems. They're high level. There's provider content moderation. We'll talk more about that. things that the cloud most team is doing in terms of improving the GPU deployment experience as other things. take a look at the project mode. If you haven't had a chance to look at it. Oops. Sorry about that and definitely bring up if you have any questions about The other thing that we have talked about and Cheng feel free to jump in here if you're on the call.

Anil Murty: We've talked about potentially building a similar project board for marketing and Community initiatives as well because obviously the list of projects in this table here span more than just development effort. There's a lot of community things that happen. There's even planning there is marketing efforts that go on. So one of the initiatives that we've been discussing so we've obviously been running the engineering meetings with an overclock team by looking at this project board and it's been working really well for us to keep things focused in have, a place where people can go and look at what the priorities are for the team. So with that in mind, the marketing team and the community teams have been leading towards using a similar process for their work as well. I don't know Cheng if you want to talk a little bit about that. for me to put you on this part, but

Cheng Wang: No worries. Thank you il. Yeah, we're exactly just like following the footsteps that you've paved here Anil with regards to the board that you've built for the cohesive roadmap. We're currently internally collating a lot of the stuff that the community has been working with us on in order to prepare to get some of these things.

Anil Murty: Thank you for the update. So going forward. Hopefully if we can figure out the board for marketing and community events as well similar to development projects then my hope is in the future. Maybe the next year in committee or the one after that. We can actually retire this table that's out here and just use the boards to talk about everything that's in progress. So that should basically make this a lot more streamlined and very clear in terms of what's in progress as opposed to having to change, the tags on these every time and move these up and down board lets you do that much easily.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: So that's kind of the intention going forward at some point. we're going to retire this and we're just going to have boards for one board for community and marketing things in one board for our development things. And if you find out that there are things that don't fit in any of those buckets, then we'll consider creating a third board. But right now the thinking is we should be able to handle pretty much all the things that happen within the Akash Community between those two buckets marketing and community and then development product and Engineering essentially. But if there's any thoughts or questions on any of that do post them up on the chat or raise your hand and happy to take those on.

Anil Murty: So for this time since we don't have both the boards, we're just going to go through some of the items on this list, but in the future, hopefully we can streamline it a better. I did update the state of this board right before the call. So my apologies if I missed a few things. I marked some of the things that last time we called out as being released as released in this so we'll skip over those and just talk about the ones that are either in implementation, but mostly an implementation or respect definition. So the first one I want to talk about was stable payments and settlement. This one last time Arthur you had mentioned that there was one thing remaining that needed to be addressed on this and so we wanted to keep this open. Is that still the case or can you talk a little bit about what?

Artur Troian: Yeah, do you guys hear me? so Yeah,…

Anil Murty: Yes, I can hear.

Artur Troian: the stable payments idea has been implemented of actually available right now on the main ad there is a one thing we are still in progress with related to the native. coins and

Artur Troian: It was probably requires Network upgrade. So still in the process to assess what things needs to be done from our cash prospective. First. One is Packet forwarding we have sort of drops for that and we will be testing it soon. But I think there's one piece missing. So we're gonna need to discuss it with the other chains. Just make sure that we pick all of the necessary features up for that and as soon as we have No squared out we can close this part.

Anil Murty: Sounds good.

Anil Murty: Awesome moving on to the next item. There's an implementation here is the Akash website revamp. I know Tyler you and you share family the folks working on this. Maybe Zach is a world as well. Can we get an update on what we are with all of this?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so I guess Pierce is here. This might be a better than doing a little bit later, but I know Dennis Zach, he used and many others have been a party's working group sessions. I guess PSU mind taking over the screen really quickly be shared a link to share the link in Virtual and can you give us maybe one minute about where the website is and what's up next?

Piyush Choudhary: So first of all, thank you so much for a long introduction. So this is use a world Panther on Discord. So we are working on Apache website. We're going for about 1.5 months even more than that, but our proposal got exactly one point five months back from now. It was on I guess 720 of September and we have made significant progress and we have used the top class technologies. That is estrogen CSS, which makes it a lot and very smoother in terms of Music Experience as well as on the pages for that is wrong with it. So we have almost completed most of the pages that as you can see only thing that is left. Is there a few pages that needs to be addressed and the dog's patient. So I think within the next two weeks the website will be completely ready all the feedback strong the designers and the

Piyush Choudhary: members so if they might be some minor changes in our desire when it comes to the design perspective, but it's all going really well and very smooth and we hope that with the next few weeks would be one official domain and it has also real-time features. So apis are also getting integrated into the website. So whatever the total metrics that are being split here is real time, which was not the case with the previous acrossful that is currently basically on the classroom Network and we are also working on the pricing stat space that is a part of basically the cloud notes. So we'll be designing the presentation from Zach here and we will have a real thing from Charities by Integrations with the cloud Mercury behind the scenes all the calculations and also the net protective. So yeah, that's all.

00:15:00

Piyush Choudhary: And I have also dropped the link in the chart if someone wants to check it out on the liberation.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again. If anybody has any comments on the Discord for the working group for the cash website is very active where Denis Pierce Zach and many others are participating as well as the group meets weekly on Thursdays at 6:30 AM Pacific time where a number of folks get together live and talk about specific design element. So if anybody here wants to join those conversations and that time does not Feel free to message me privately and we can create some other time. But again, we have folks from all over the world on our call. So that seemed like the best time but yeah Pierce. Thank you very much for a short demo.

Piyush Choudhary: presentation

Anil Murty: Yes.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Anil Murty: Thank you piyush. That was those great and I was going to ask I was almost going to raise my hand and I ask about the pricing page, but you already mentioned that so it's great and that's good context for something else. I was going to mention which is once we have the pricing page implemented in the website. The plan is to remove the pricing page from cloudmose.

Piyush Choudhary: Really?

Anil Murty: So Cloud most of the deployment tool it's awesome that the pricing pages in there, but it doesn't quite make a lot of sense to have it in there. So it's more of a marketing thing talk about price comparison. So that's kind of the intention is to move it out to the website and remove it from clouds. So then moving on to the next things in this list is the next three kind of fit together, I think. Certification event planning in Akash hackathon. I don't see Adam wozni on the call. I don't know if there's somebody else who can speak to these items Tyler, if somebody else could speak to him.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know Chang Cheng before you speak.

Anil Murty: right

Tyler Wright: I know that Adam is still feeling a little bit down for the count. But there is an event planning session. I believe for 2024. I'm happening this coming Friday. I think it's a second of a working group session around planning for what's going to be happening in 2024. I know the hackathon has completed and I believe payouts and made to those that have one rewards shout out to Huey for that. And I know he's working very closely with omniflex to update and restructure some of the certification programs because it's easier for folks to use but China. Do you have anything you want to add?

Cheng Wang: That's wonderful. Yeah. Yeah just was I think catching the gnarly bug that's going around. So that's why He's still active on internal comms and things like that. But yeah So eventually Just as Tyler said and on the hackathon as So we're I think planning phase for the next go around is going to commence on that soon and a lot of the budgets and proposals will be going on chain sometime probably within the next month because we definitely want to beat the holiday season and that's all for looking into 2024 for both hackathons planning and the edu program that one item is being restarted at this point in time. Now, there's a little bit more bandwidth and we have some more clear-cut parameters, so That's something to look out for not too many details to share yet on the edu efforts, but that's something where the Insiders and I don't have already been working on.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Thank you Cheng for the update. One thing. I was wondering does anybody want to share I think this is the first hearing committee meeting where we have that we have had since the hackathon ended is a sort of feedback from the hackathon that's worth sharing here, in terms of things that did not go Anything at all? If not, no worries.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, a few things as far as the hackathon goes I think the items this was I think a really good test bed for understanding how the hackathons will look like under Dora hacks managing the kind of operations of it. I think the operations of it was well managed and that was fine. I think the challenges were primarily around in the initial days of the hackathon or initial weeks. They're just unavoidable. suppose baptized. I suppose people like that just kind of submitting whatever projects and praying and spray praying rather across a whole bunch of different hackathons. Just hoping they may sneak in and get a prize or completely unrelated to Akash. So that was one thing that we have to I think be cognizant of and really get people who are wanting to build I think within our hackathons right to have those properly geared up and incentivize before the hackathons even go live. That's number one number two, because I think

00:20:00

Cheng Wang: That all the top three winners are existing community members and who have been community members for some time. So new entrants seems unlikely to join this particular hackathon, but of course that doesn't mean we won't continue to try right that's another part. And then finally I would say in terms of tracks and pushing something out there that is a bit more closed and Is something that we're thinking about just instead of having the hackathons be super open and then people can build anything they want, We might have two separate categories. I don't know yet. This is just early thoughts. But I have an open-ended side as well as something that's very specific that we would like to incentivize the community to try their hands on. So those are the current that's the other I guess third item. There is having a bit more guided path and in addition to the open one.

Anil Murty: That's great. Thank you Cheng and let go the comment I think about. They're being a lot of variants. So when I was looking at all the projects that were submitted into haathon, I noticed that some of the projects had basically almost implemented a solution that could be deployed in scaled up right then and there was some projects which was basically three lines of hey, this was an idea that I have in my head effect. that's kind of impression. I got in so completely Echo your comment and on the way and so there but overall, I thought it went really well so nice work. By everyone that was involved.

Anil Murty: The next one is Dockside migration. I know Luna in team have been the ones that have my privately driving this forward. I don't know if Luna's on the call. I was hoping it would be

Tyler Wright: From the standpoint of sorry,…

Anil Murty: 

Tyler Wright: and they are from the standpoint of the work that Luna and the quasar's team have done on dock sites migration. That work is released. I know that because they were doing the work in Hugo and now we've moved to Astro there is a little bit of rework that's going to have to done but the front end kind of look and feel menus and sub menus is going to persist into the newer version. Go ahead piyush.

Piyush Choudhary: So I have a comment on that. So I simply got the access to the work that you mustn't read on the dots site and we have seen as we are building the cash website program from scratch and docs being a part of it. So everything will be from the design perspective. Everything will be going from scratch considering the different extract and personality migration and the content folders that are there in the Stream airport will be used as it is. So I will just us the protein members to take a look at the content again on what will not stream it that's because that is going to be on the docs page for the cost website. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Thanks for the update guys. The only question I have is and maybe the answer is straightforward as it's already been taking care of his we saw the look and feel of the Dockside a while back. I don't know it was probably three or four months ago and the website effort is obviously ongoing in the last month and ongoing now. How do we ensure that? They both look consistent given you're just going to be pulling in those pages?

Piyush Choudhary: So to maintain the consistency so we have lost the previous designs from the designers. I think that Miss and By having a property discussions during the workbook sessions. We will make sure that everything looks in consensus with the design. If not be a big trust in front of

Anil Murty: Okay, Just wanted to make sure that was being considered as Cool any other questions from anyone on the Dockside migration?

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds good. So tentatively is it fair to assume that the new Dockside would also go live at the same time as the website going like piyush. awesome

00:25:00

Piyush Choudhary: yep, so within next week, I will always drop the link Google drops, which only will be able to see how it's written.

Anil Murty: amazing. Thank you. All We'll move on to the next one, which is on chain Analytics.

Anil Murty: I know Cloud most made a whole bunch of updates to their analytics last time. I don't think you guys have spent a lot of time on this since the last session but I did notice that there was one more person that was suggesting a new idea on the signaltics Discord Channel. I don't know that person is on the call here. But if you are definitely speak up and talk about anything that you're proposing in terms of Analytics. But I don't know max if you have any updates on analytics that you would like to share.

Anil Murty: You maximum. Not sure if you're speaking but I

Max: Oops like that. Thanks my microus unit. And so yeah, not so much on the casualtakes dashboard per se but last updates that we deployed were for the providers on the provider list page mainly the list. We added the GPU models and quantities

Max: and yeah, that's pretty much it for the analytics for now.

Anil Murty: Awesome, and I'm trying to figure out who the other user was. There was commenting on sync Analytics.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so that person goes by fiber. I don't know they're on the call, but I noticed they posted a YouTube recording of potential hackathon idea that they didn't get into that icon in time, but it seemed pretty promising. It's pretty early. But if that person is able to join the call next time we can probably hear about.

Anil Murty: awesome But what are the next thing and this is other things we plan to bring up. Provider attributes here. I know it's almost team has done a bunch of work to add a UI within Cloud most to be able to adjust and set provide attributes. There's two things. I wanted to bring up in the context of Provider attributes. And then max if you have anything else, please free to feel free to jump in as well. The one thing I was going to bring up was we did notice that there was an issue where if a provided sets the attributes using Cloud most UI and then the provider restarts itself, then the ethical skin wiped out. So that's something for people to be aware of it's something that we still need to solve. We don't have a solution to that today yet. So if you're using the provider attributes UI today, that's something to keep in mind is that there is a

Anil Murty: I don't want to call it a bug but a limitation where it will wipe out your custom attributes that you create. The other thing that I want to mention in the context of Provider attributes is

Anil Murty: In the next Network upgrade that's coming up in the next few days. Arthur is going to be adding support for being able to receive ributes some attributes in the bid requests itself. So specifically Arthur is going to be adding generally supporting attributes in the bit request and then specifically adding support for GPU attribute so that when you request GPU resources from the network from a provider, you can also see What GPU model you're going to be getting in those requests and that's going to be a huge ad because it's really hard to know what you're getting today because if you request a sdl with no gpus model specified you just get the provider name back and nothing else other than that. so, I don't know Arthur if you wanted to add anything more to that, but I just wanted to bring that up.

Artur Troian: No, pretty much. I think we discussed it all on the sick chain last time.

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds good. The next one's authorize pen management. I think most of the work that is outlined in the PRD here is complete at this point within Cloud most. That's correct. Right Max. So I was going to ask if if it's okay for us to change this to release at this point.

Max: If it's okay to release what sorry.

Anil Murty: Yeah, meaning are we done doing the things we wanted to do for Arthur I spend management. I think you've implemented most if not, all of the stuff that was called out in this TRD, right managing it from the grantee side all of that ux.

00:30:00

Max: yes fully functional. The only issue is one that we talked about in that Arthur I think is working make The Artsy persistent for more than one deployment.

Anil Murty: So yeah, and that's more of a core Bond. That we need to solve the core. and there's a issue open for that. Okay. Sounds good. So I'm going to go ahead and say this to release on this anybody Is released on this anybody has any concerns with that at least from a UI standpoint.

Anil Murty: next one's content moderation Most of the work here is being led by the pretor team Deval and jigar. So I'll give you guys the chance to talk about any updates that you want to share.

Deval Patel: and yeah, so for that we give the demo in the Sig providers meeting last Wednesday regarding attributes of blocking wallet address images and as well as the certain hostname we are working on the UI to the like to do that from the printer part as well as we are going to have the

Deval Patel: CID for Content moderation, so we are working on that part. But we are making good progress and hopefully give another demo on the next required or something and before that even released to core team members the binary so it can check and we put the pull request like we're going to put the question as well.

Anil Murty: Thank They will and this is also good segue to point out that there is a item on the Akash project board for this and there's updates in there along with the link to the video that they will be talking about.

Anil Murty: And I think we can kind of skip or the rest of the items here because there's isn't any active worth happening on these unless somebody wants to bring up. Anything that we haven't talked about yet?

Anil Murty: Square piyush

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, we haven't talked about the discussions that is and the kind of proposal that is on bit of discussions that is related to AI assistant deployment during the system lines the SGL generations to automation.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so that's kind of the next item. So we typically go through the list of projects that are in progress and then we jump to the discussions, but certainly get to that. Good Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Real quick. I think Anil you mentioned it very quickly, but there will be information that's going out to validators. Another folks in the community soon around that mainnet eight upgrade. there should be a proposal that's going up for vote over the next day or so. And then from there we should again have an upgrade at some point late next week for validators and providers archers actively working on a number of things and we'll again update documentation. So I just want to mention that to folks here so that whether they're validator providers themselves or they're an Insider or Vanguard, they can start sharing that more widely are just know that it's coming down the pipe and that's again related to I think.

Tyler Wright: Feeling any of looking at it right now, but the issue here that was talked about an issue support number 124 that the big attributes requires a network upgrade. So again, that's what we're planning for. We talked about in sick chain, but just for folks that did not attend that all just look out for a validator node upgrade and it will be a provider upgrade. I think just a bump upgrade nonetheless happening over the next week or so.

Anil Murty: Thanks for bringing up that Tyler and the main feature as Tyler mentioned is Attributes in the read requests and that issue here is on the board as well. So that's a primary reason for the upgrade. And then I think we had talked about potentially creating a main date upgrade issue as well. Right? Tyler, I don't know if that's still the plan. But if it is we can add that word.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Anil Murty: Thank you. Anything else anyone wants to bring up on the projects list before we move on to discussions.

Anil Murty: move on to discussions So typically what we try to do here is we try to review most of the proposals or discussions that came up since the last time we met in the steering committee. But this seem to be a fair amount of those this time. So what I'd like to do is focus on only the ones that people are able to talk about so either the person that is written the discussion or somebody who's able to represent them. If they're on the call, then we'll talk about it. If not, we won't So I'd like to talk about one that I've been driving and that is this Foundation model retraining effort. So to give people a general update on this the proposal went on chain after the last steering committee meeting and it's been approved. And as of this morning we are in process of getting this training started.

00:35:00

Anil Murty: The one key thing to point out here is that we initially thought about doing this training using stable diffusion 1.5 was what was proposed initially?

Anil Murty: that was primary driven by the fact that stable diffusion is pretty popular and we chose 1.5 because you wanted to keep the cost low doing two dot stability in two dot o would have increased our cost potentially up to five times because of the serial number of parameters that stability into Rodrigo has as we were getting ready to get this going a lot of things we did were, basically testing out a cluster from a provider making sure that we can actually use that for this training before we actually commit to it. and over the course of that, that took a few weeks and as we were just about to keep this off what we noticed was that there was a new paper published by The folks over at databricks specifically the Mosaic ml folks working with the team at Cornell.

Anil Murty: And this paper essentially talks about exactly the same idea which is taking a image generation model and using creative common data set to train it and those people are published. I believe on Wednesday of last week, so it's relatively new. And so once that people came out, they plan was to use table deficient 2.0 to train it with a Creative Commons data set and essentially to exactly what we were planning to do. So we basically had a discussion between Thumper and ourselves and we talked about, does it make sense for us to stay train with stable deficient 1.5 given that potentially going to be this model that's trained on stable diffusion 2.0 with the same Creative Commons data set and

Anil Murty: One part would be to continue down the path of doing 1.5 and potentially be inferior to the southern model. The other path would be to switch to 2.0. But that would be a significantly higher cost than what we asked for in the proposal. A third path would be to pick different model that. Is very competitive to stabilifusion and luckily we were able to identify a model called art Pixar Alpha that is based on a diffusion model and claims to result in images that are of much higher quality than stable if you're in 1.5 so they came to be as good in quality as stability Fusion Excel, which is basically the most latest and greatest model from stability AI.

Anil Murty: so what we have decided is to switch that portion of this proposal from stable decision 1.5 to fix art Alpha and the intention is we've done testing to make sure that we can actually do the training on that using the creative common data set and the cost of the training should be same if not lower than what it would have costed us to do stable decision one or five. And so that's kind of the plan right. Now. The training is expected to start this week. The provider bring up is in progress right now shimpa. I don't know if he's on the call is working on the provider bring up right now and you'll be seeing a lot of updates from our marketing team through our Twitter handle on this training as it progresses. So if there's any questions, let us know but that's kind of the plan with that, and then

Anil Murty: I'll keep looking at the chat if there's any questions about that, but I want to move on to the next discussion topic piyush since you're on the call. Maybe you can talk about your proposals. So I know that you are initially proposed a much bigger proposal. The one that is outlined here that included four or five different things including this deployment tool and then Greg you and I had a conversation and we talked about how the deployment tool is the most important thing for us to tackle right now and since then your scope it down to just the deployment tool which is what this proposal is. So maybe talk a little bit about it and we can have a discussion about this.

Piyush Choudhary: If so responding so much for and going roaming Productions and I would like to thank all the costs protein organizers and at the throne organizers as well. So we participated in the classic account with this project and we surprisingly gone the first price and very good to the choice for selectness as a first winner and we really appreciate it. So this proposal is an extended version of that project only. So basically what we are doing here is

00:40:00

Piyush Choudhary: we have created a pipeline like even the new users for new to Apostle be able to deploy or get started with the cost within just requests. So what this proposal does is it combines AI or Mission capabilities using open source elements specifically trained on the data set of Docker file and hdf files. So basically takes the GitHub report and ask the users of degrades and we'll basically puts the GitHub report from the guitar users account and then it writes a doctor file and it's on and then it will say image as well on its own and then it pushes the

Piyush Choudhary: The oper image to the personal Docker Hub of the user's account and then it also writes the perfect as working as dual file based on the users input how much his pleasure what's is and story is requirements and all so basically this is a combination of things It's a direct pipeline from GitHub repo the STL file, which can then be deployed using Cloud nodes to a caution

Piyush Choudhary: I also have the video don't know so it's only wants to see and drop them into the channel.

Piyush Choudhary: So it's just a quick and…

Anil Murty: Thanks.

Piyush Choudhary: it's just a quick and this and repeat that we did as part of backathon and this purpose are presents to Industrial standard product. That will be presentation if we get approved on a proposal.

Anil Murty: Thanks piy Thanks for walking through that a little bit. So I guess I do have a couple of questions and then if anybody else has any questions you take those as well, but I guess my main questions are this I think is extremely useful as a tool.

Anil Murty: The sort of three questions number one is outside of people asking the questions that they have using the language interface.

Piyush Choudhary: up

Anil Murty: Is it potentially going to be a option for people to do this manually as well as opposed to asking a question into a chatbot?

Piyush Choudhary: Yep, so it will have the functionality of that as far as we are using that you see.

Anil Murty: Okay, So basically if I can imagine how this would potentially look like from a user experience standpoint is people coming to Cloud most this is going to be built on top of the cloud most UI. They have the option of choosing either,…

Piyush Choudhary: we

Anil Murty: ask a question. Hey, how do I deploy blah application on Akash and it potentially comes up with a container image and an STL that they can use for it. or other option would be they would actually go, point the potential repo to GitHub people as a link and then you'd have a pipeline where you basically look at that create the container image and deploy.

Piyush Choudhary: that's

Anil Murty: Second question you talked about in this proposal and again apologize. I'm not read it in super crazy detail yet. I did notice you mentioned training this on a set of 178 thousand rocker files in GitHub folders structures published under MIT. so two questions on this one is if our primary focus is on how does training it on this entire data another way to ask is would this do more than just solve the use case for Akash?

Piyush Choudhary: 

Piyush Choudhary: If so, basically we are not training on all the data of concerned with 8,000 is just for the reference. So we are refining the database. We are taking this Terror set and then defining it and dividing into small Trunks and then basically what does this data set content is it contains the coldest structure and

Piyush Choudhary: Output of the file. So basically what will happen is as we are creating a proper pipeline from taking a bit of the code to writing the proper I still file right? So basically what we are doing is when the user is pointing I get to that point to the user interface. AI model is scanning the folder structure and writing the proper Docker file to build the So after writing the docker file on itself dates Docker image and then push the operating is to the personal Docker that the users account and then it sites as jail file using the image that it created on the record. So local file is a part of the pipeline and then also there's

00:45:00

Anil Murty: Got it. how would you intend to manage this as the data set evolved? So is it going to be potentially updates to this as over time as you get new data and you need to retrain this?

Piyush Choudhary: so Yeah, So basically what's going initially by going to gain the less data set for internal testings. And then I spell the response to the morals and how it's performing what are the responses the failureates ETC we are going to refine the data sets accordingly because we are not asking the uses to write the doctor file on their own we are. Also writing the local file inside the pipeline only in automated fashion similar to what we are doing for the SGL file. So even the users who don't know Docker Hub or Akash will be able to have the working sgc5 to just Deploy on Apache using cloudmuse in place. yeah, and there will be a bit as we train the models and of course the performance and I will also drop the docs that we created recently in the chat or the discussions for

Piyush Choudhary: how we are going to do Invisibles.

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds awesome. Just a couple of more questions and I see there's no other questions from anyone. So I'm going to keep going the provider that you'll be training this on. Have you thought about? Who that will be managing that provider? I'm assuming it's going to be an Akash provider.

Anil Murty: And you did mention the types of resources you expect to use for this in terms of gpus in other things. Have you thought about who the provider is going to be that sort of thing?

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so basically will be using the passion proc for the juices will be meeting the access to the a100 Jeep use about five way so we'll be looking forward to that and the budget that is being request will be spend on the training as well as the hosting part we've also mentioned that when somebody will be released completely for the industry for the public use we will also maintain it for the five months including the hostings maintenance and support.

Anil Murty: but it Got it.

Piyush Choudhary: from this budget

Anil Murty: So a couple of things on that one is if you haven't decided to provide I think Zach os the call. So Zach Ross is with Foundry staking there are provider that has a bunch of a 100. So to be awesome if you could work together with them. To do this video like data set?

Piyush Choudhary: Get the show.

Anil Murty: Or sorry on that provider. and then the other thing I was going to ask was do you have a sense for the breakdown between how much the training cost or…

Piyush Choudhary: So it will be hard to give the exact back we've done right now,…

Anil Murty: the 63,000 is versus development and hosting

Piyush Choudhary: but I can drop that out. within next viewers

Anil Murty: Sounds but yeah, it doesn't have to be super accurate. If you can just get basically a sense of what even 100 hours are going to be and from that we can derive it doesn't even have to be like if it's with an image of 10 20% is fine just or if you can even like a breakdown of input as a percentage like 50 40 60 whatever that is. Okay. And…

Piyush Choudhary: works

Anil Murty: then last question is I noticed that in the first proposal where this. Deployment thing was one out of four items that he proposed the cost for the deployment thing was fifty thousand and already 63.

Piyush Choudhary: he So initially we thought of doing the African giving a proper thoughts on part of the resources are required and…

Anil Murty: It's like why?

Piyush Choudhary: doing the property search that as you can see this proposition and also the Integrations with the cloud moves the building of proper APK and points for the proper and the smooth Integrations. So we increased it accordingly.

Anil Murty: Got Cook sounds good. Yeah, that's all my questions. I think this is a great project amazing proposal really well written. I don't have this people that have other thoughts or questions Julius.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, so Julius also of 8 to 10 people are including the first step developers designers where I am redox, so specifically AIML those are consist of trip people including a blockchain deaths on me and other so there are two blocks index three. Yeah milders who designers and straight instead of Developers.

00:50:00

Anil Murty: Awesome, and I don't know Zach Ross or anybody from The Foundry seeking team if you were listening to this, but I think it'd be awesome. For this training to happen on your cluster or your service.

Zach Ross: Yeah, I think that's exactly what we're here for. So let's collaborate on that and we're totally open to making that work.

Anil Murty: It's Perfect. And I think this also give us good marketing. So thankfully you're listening as Yeah, let's see. I mean under any other opposition to the proposal. I think overall he seems like people are in favor of this…

Piyush Choudhary: e

Anil Murty: but most something on the comment as well. And so the intention piyush is you'll put this on chain sometime in the next. we go to

Anil Murty: okay, sounds good.

Anil Murty: Anyone else on the call want to talk about any other of these discussions? represent the person that has written them.

Deval Patel: Okay.

Anil Murty: Go ahead. They will.

Deval Patel: I got a message from one guy named Joseph on Discord saying he has some Enterprise users he wants to. Put some workloads. You want to showcase us the demo of how the workloads can be uploaded on Akash and how we can host on the services right? If you want. I can give you a call between you and

Deval Patel: like him right so you can go from there. I Yeah.

Anil Murty: That sounds great. Yeah, please do hit me up. I'll actually vmu in we can figure out a call between us.

Deval Patel: Okay.

Anil Murty: Thank you for bringing that up.

Anil Murty: Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Only thing I'll add I know we talked about in sick economics. I won't talk about it too long. But related to the proposal for the incentivize akt lending pool on nitron. I think there was some good discussion over the last couple of weeks and that proposals since gone on chain. I think number of validators have voted on it already. So I just want to just highlight that because again, it is an active vote being had right now. But again we talked about in the state economics a fair amount and there was some good discussion around it. So I know the person may not be here, but the way through the process and that again proposals up for vote right now, so just want to share that.

Anil Murty: Great sounds good moving back to this. I guess that's about the extent of today's call. Is there any other General open questions from anyone that you would like to speak up at this point?

Anil Murty: I guess I'll stop presenting in and things back to you. Later. Thanks, everyone.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much. Anil for meeting us through the agenda.

Tyler Wright: I'm again, if anybody has any action items over the next couple of days or weeks, please let me know if anybody wants to demo anything at the next I'm steering committee. Please let me know again, we'll go back to the typical agenda where these happen at the end of the month, but I appreciate everybody making the time today. I know that there's been more people getting active in discussions on GitHub so much appreciate that. I know there's a number of people that reached out about being able to support documentation. with memory many members of the core team being very high for focused on engineering efforts. I'm really calling upon the community to help with documentation. And again, there's a framework that's being developed right now to help structure community and put on documentation side. So, please look out for that soon. But again, please feel free like you can participate in any special interest group. We're working group. There's a lot going on a lot of great discussions having around happening around content moderation and analytics a number others specific action.

Tyler Wright: teams if anybody needs anything between meetings, feel free to reach out to myself or Other members of the core team insiders in vanguards and again look out for more information coming around that may not main at eight upgrade happening shortly. But no one has any other questions. And again, thank you very much for your participation today. And we'll see you on Discord and in future especially interest group and working group meetings. Thank you all very much. Have a great day.

Meeting ended after 00:55:58 👋

