
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #11

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, December 7th, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://k6mud4r2ua6xarj6c5zqtkxw6fzjrvzjzu6eotsyhsmotles2gaq.arweave.net/V5lB8jqgPXBFPhdzCar28XKY1ynNPEdOWDyY6ayS0YE)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- just may
- Max
- oo o
- Piyush Choudhary
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn



## Notes:

- Tyler asked the community about whether or not anyone had any concerns or issues with the sigs or wgs.
- There were no issues from the community at this time.
- Tyler led the group through the agenda today, because Anil was in a place with a lot of background noise. Anil was still heavily involved in the conversation. 


### Projects:

- Tyler talked about the project list that was used in 2023. A lot of progress has been made across a number of different of projects.
- Anil introduced project boards for Product and Engineering.
- There are now boards for Product and Engineering, and another board for Community and Marketing efforts. In the Community and Marketing board, community members can also find bounties that are available to members of the community.
- Please feel free to access the boards here: https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects
- Tyler walked through some of the key items on each board.


#### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

- Tyler talked about the work that Cloudmos is doing with GPU type in bids.
- Artur talked at a high level about the network upgrades that are planned for q1 2024. These items were discussed in sig-chain and sig-support.
- Tyler talked about the work that Zach and ZJ were doing around sdxl.
- Denis and Tyler talked about the Akash website revamp. The website is in the final stages, and a launch plan will be available soon.
- Adam talked about the wg-hackathon and the work they are doing to get ready for Akash Hackathons in 2024. [Find more here](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6?pane=issue&itemId=43793394)
- Adam mentioned that he is planning the first quarter 2024 events right now, now that the budget has passed. [Find more here](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6?pane=issue&itemId=43366707)


### Github Discussions:

- Discussed [Community Support Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/394) which was up for discussion for weeks, and then went on Chain for a vote very recently.
- Adam Wozney talked about the success of the program last year, and the continuation of the program, as we head into 2024. 
- The group discussed [Github Discussion 406](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/406) created by Benjamin. He and his brother want to continue development of work they pitched for the Akash Hackathon 2023, that involves auditing providers and helping with provider attributes work. Benjamin and his brother has been doing research, they have connected with Moultrie Audit, they have shared ideas in Discord, and have created a pre draft proposal in Github to get more feedback on their idea. Now they feel confident to got for community pool funding to bring this idea to life.
- Demos and more details on specific deliverables can be found in the Github proposal as well as the pre draft proposal.
- Greg asked how did they plan to build the business of the provider auditor after initial funding? Benjamin mentioned that they have been exploring business ideas, but will only go to the community pool once for AKT.
- Greg and others in the community want to think about ways to make auditing profitable on the Akash Network. Ideas can be explored on discord or in future working group sessions.
- Other members of the community asked questions to Benjamin, and shared their support. 


### **Open Discussion:**

- Tyler mentioned that this was the last Steering committee for the year 2023.
- No one else had any other topics for discussion at this time. 
  
### Action Items:

- Benjamin to put proposal on chain for vote.
- Proposals for events and community support expected to go on chain. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to steering committee monthly meeting number 11. this meeting has been moved back originally intended for Denver, but with a number of things happening in the community with number of people in steering committee. We've moved this meeting back to today the next steering committee. that is usually at the end of the month. It's going to be moved to the beginning of January with the holidays right around the corner again. We want to keep people time with their families. There'll be a number of things going on in their cost ecosystem over a next couple of weeks. But again, the next steering committee has been moved from the end of the month and it's going to be Thursday January 11th World their kick off, there'll be a couple of cigs and working groups that happen prior to that but it'll really be a kick off to 2024 and then we'll continue with the regular schedule of the steering committee's being at the end of the month with January. So again, we have a steering committee meeting happening today and the next one won't be for.

Tyler Wright: or another month or so and then we'll have a follow-up at the end of January 2024, but a lot to look forward to Out of the last steering committee that we talked about a number of discussions that have since gone up for proposal. thank you to all those that participated in those discussions. And also those who voted also since then we were getting ready for mainnet 8 and as we kind of talked about in depth in Sig chain that just happened this week since then we've had successful upgrade to mainnet and then made that nine. There's no more plant upgrades for the rest of this year. But again, that's discussed previously in Sig chain. There's a lot happening in the first quarter of 2024. So a lot to look forward to there.

Tyler Wright: again, there's a number of other items that you all can track. Every steering committee is transcribed. There's notes that I take during these meetings and again, then members of steering committee look at those notes and we make changes to a number of areas and GitHub a much appreciate again everybody that participates in discussions. But with that being said, I know that Anil is moving around a lot today. I'm happy to continue sharing or Neo. Let me know if you want to start the process.

Anil Murty: Can you give me okay you?

Tyler Wright: Yes, I can hear you.

Anil Murty: if any issue with any point, they can always

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Yeah.

Anil Murty: thanks for joining everyone. So as we do if you start with any discussion about feedback from the community. so it's just

Greg Osuri: Yeah ideal.

Anil Murty: just yeah.

Greg Osuri: It's a bit hard to hear You're going in and out for some reason. Is there any way to bring the microphone closer to your?

Tyler Wright: I

Anil Murty: I just

Tyler Wright: I know if you need I can also help and you can just speak when on Focus parts andâ€¦

Anil Murty: Okay good.

Tyler Wright: I can just do the agenda. No problem. Excellent.

Tyler Wright: So it's a nail just mentioned as the agenda that you see on the screen right here. The first item that we do is we review discuss and address any Community feedback or even sister conflicts. So does anyone have any comments any issues with how things are being run in the open framework with special interest groups and working groups?

Tyler Wright: One thing that and I've mentioned this an insiders as well. One thing that I'm looking to improve in 2024 is continuing to make the meetings more accessible for everybody. I also want to add some fluidity. there was a lot of structure in 2023 with the meeting times and I know that people are coming in from all over the world. So it's hard for some folks to make themselves available at the meetings of 2 am local time, but I want to do a better job of the 2024 is making sure that there's a number of key stakeholders at every meeting and so being a little bit more fluid with the meeting times. So that's something that I'm going to be focused on Robert. I saw your hand up. Is there anything that you want to talk about in terms of community feedback?

Robert Del Rey: Yes, we will quickly. I just noticed that for next week. We don't have the Sealy working group called Adam. I don't know if that's something you can call me out.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Yes, I'll make sure that gets added to the calendar. Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no problem. I'll add those two calls. So in the following Monday the 18th. Does anyone else have any specific feedback about Community groups? Again, the special interest groups working groups user groups Beyond.

Tyler Wright: Again, if you don't want to leave any feedback now, feel free to reach out to myself on Discord or anybody else that you feel comfortable talking to and then we'll look to get those items addressed.

Tyler Wright: cool as the next part of the agenda previously we've used the projects list, which is again a static table that we've been using throughout 2023. I'm gonna start sharing my screen Anil so I can just link people to that. So again previously we've used this table when we're tracking all the items that are being worked on in public. Obviously, you see everything from hackathon to economics 2.0 GPU support which some of these things are in various States released go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I was just gonna say hopefully you can hear me better now without the Bluetooth.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Anil Murty: But yeah, I was gonna say right now. Our project list is essentially split into two sections all the engineering and product work is being tracked in a project board. And then some of the non-engineering work for example events microphones any marketing things those are being tracked still in this list. So I think we can go through them. It makes sense really quickly.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, absolutely. what I was going to say to that point is out of the last meeting. We talked about authorized spend and that is going to be moved into released but we are going to be sunsetting this project list in its current form as a table and instead we're going to be using as Anil just described there is a link and I'll put the link in the chat for folks. There are project boards. There's one for product and engineering and there's another one for marketing and Community efforts where again specific projects are being tracked. So we started using this last steering committee, but we'll start using it today and moving forward. So again, we'll start with the product and Engineering roadmap and we'll just highlight some of the big things that are in progress column and

Tyler Wright: Up next and then if anybody has any questions, they can ask those here and then we'll move on to the marketing and community board and we'll do the same.

Tyler Wright: So at the highest level again out of one of the most recent upgrades there. We're allowing for GPU models to be shown in bids. I know this is work to the cloud most team is currently working on and you can see some of the other efforts that are coming out of cloud most repo that Max it and Max are currently focused on and where the focusing their time and energy one of the other big things that's being tracked is a content moderation out of sick providers. the pre-tour team led by jigarh Duval have been focused on out of a working group that we talked about in great detail working group content moderation have been working on management API and moderation API they gave a demo at the

Tyler Wright: Last six providers meeting and are continuing to work closely with the core team to implement some of these changes into the core code base. Yes. again, all of these items can be tracked and you can look inside and you can track conversations. We try to get folks to update these on a weekly basis. So even in between steering committee meetings folks that have specific questions can ask those relative to a specific project or task and then again look to get feedback from somebody from the core team or somebody else from the community that may be working on some of these efforts.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: yeah, I just want to add a high level just say that on the core size are based our main focus at least through the end of this year is on three main things first is implementing this Pro product feature Discovery service, which will let us look at various provider related things whether it's keep your models or the things. From the provider and make them available as a service. So that's kind of number one. This doesn't require a network upgrade. So that is a reason why they're not planning for any more Network upgrades this year. And then the second is supporting AMD and that doesn't require it and supporting amps important because

00:10:00

Anil Murty: if you're in paying attention to the news AMD just had the event this week where they announced their latest generation chipset the mi300 and they've already had a mi 210 and my 250 which are all starting to be very competitive relative to Nvidia. And so, if we can support in AMD on our Network, which is a relatively small effort then, we become one of the clouds that starts to get AMD gpus on the network and that continues to drive demand. so kind of the main things following those two the next thing that is a significantly large effort is for us to look at supporting Secrets, which is important for us to be able to support private containers on the network. This is something that is constantly asked.

Anil Murty: Was when we talk the customers as well as within the community one of the challenges today is if you want to deploy on akash, you have to make your container public and put it in a public container registry. So that's a significant limitation that you want to try to address. So that's kind of the next up next but the primary things that have been worked on right now at least from a 14 perspective are the provider service and the support for AMD and then of course from the community the Play-Doh team is working on content moderation.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again, I know there are a number of items that are being worked on by members of the community and also by members of the core team. Another did a great job of just talking at a high level about a number of things. Does anyone have any specific questions on the product or engineering roadmap in terms of participation. Does anyone see anything here that they want to learn more about and get more involved with?

Tyler Wright: I know Artur talked again in great detail about the upcoming Network upgrades happening in Hopefully the first quarter 2024. He talked about that in detail during sick chain as well as Sig support. So I don't want to have him repeat himself a number of times. But if anybody has any questions about Network upgrades and planned that Network upgrades happening early in the New Year. Please feel free to look at those recordings. And again, if you have any questions, there will be support tickets made for each upgrade in the support repo where you can track specific items where that upgrade is how far we are from the upgrade time where the testing process is and Beyond

Tyler Wright: Archer don't feel obliged, but do you want to say anything specifically about Network upgrades or anything else on the engineering roadmap before we move over to the community and marketing roadmap?

Artur Troian: Just a little probably about planning. So in the past especially this year. we've done quite a few Network upgrades some of them were. Announced not pretty shortly the couple weeks notice what we're gonna try to do. Next year is we try to plan on grades for the quarter. So the next q1 is and having three upgrades scheduled I'm gonna try to lay them out approximately when they're gonna be happening so it's gonna give

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you Archer. Does anyone have any questions comments about the product and Engineering roadmap before we move on to the other board?

Tyler Wright: again continuing on with our project list portion of the agenda as previously mentioned many of the items that community and marketing are driven are going to be in this board. So again, if anybody has any specific things that they want to add I know that Adam was head of community has been done a great job of outlining all the specific items, whether they be events for 2024 or other, hackathons or other specific initiatives everything from governance proposals down to again the specific events. So if anybody has any questions, you can kind of see here you can also track what's happening with zealy an effort that Robert and Benjamin are leading in this pilot stage right now. You can see some of these other efforts. I also do want to shout out something that kiwi as well. As other members of the core team are working on is a bounty board. So

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Again, when there's obviously the overclock lab team is very small and so with the open framework, it's always been a goal to have as many Community contributions as possible across a number of different items. And so making that more readily available so that folks can know how they can participate and can start to earn some akt is something that is going to be a focal point of q1 2024, but even beyond that, I don't know if Huey Cheng or anybody else wants to talk about this more detail. I'm sure there'll be more discussions happening in the future around specific initiatives, but I just want to call out for folks to be able to look at this master view that shows all the various projects. But then again this bounties view that you can get some more specific information. Has heard a hand up go ahead J.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, thanks for walking through that Tyler and you're absolutely right just to kind of sneak peek a little bit. We're still fleshing out a couple of details but especially as we go into the holiday season, I suppose we passed that first Milestone already. We're kind of into the holiday season in terms of getting the community engaged and for example, Julie DJ has been instrumental part of building, sdxl on a caution others and we'd love to invite more of that on to the network and contributing so we'll definitely update the bouncy board and others to really invite more of that especially over the next couple of weeks and into the new year. So please definitely stay tuned on our Discord on the boards and all that stuff in our Twitter as well. So we will definitely have something come out soon for people to I think get excited about over the holiday season into the new year.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Cheng. M specifically a couple of things that I want to highlight on this Board website revamp because I see some other folks on this call Denis included. This has been an active effort that's gone on since piyushen team have received community pool spend for the website revamp. They have been very responsive and since they've received funds we've been meeting in public on a weekly basis. I think we're about 20 23 calls deep on meeting again weekly to discuss everything from the website revamp to specific ux and UI changes Dennis piyush. Is there anything specifically that you all want to highlight in terms of the work that's happening with the website reading and obviously again inside here. You can see a link to the staging site where it lives right now and again once it's

Tyler Wright: Once it's made available and it's public all that the site will be open source, and we'll be available in the website repo inside the cost organization. So I'll look out for that soon. But piyush or Denis you have anything that you want to talk about specifically.

Denis Lelic: Thanks I think you're pretty much covered everything. We're in the final stages. So we're just at the moment focusing on refining UI and adding proper links content and so on and in the last couple of meetings, we were also covering. Another Sig which is dogs, and we just wanted to make sure that we have this good overall experience in the website. So dogs are becoming part of it as well. So we all hope for to go live quite soon. So hopefully in the next 10 days So, thanks. piyush if you have anything to share, please do

Piyush Choudhary: So yeah, so since we started working on the gosh website we went. So as we all know that password site remember is being structured with gay police selected Just Technologies Tech and we are committee mostly working on it and we can two weeks. It will be officially I don't official domain astrotment. s

Tyler Wright: Thank Again. There's a number of meetings that are being added to the calendar for folks that want to participate in helping with content. I know it's something that Zach and other members of the community are looking to again optimize ahead of the launch. So if anybody wants to get involved in some of these last-minute just checking various Pages making sure that the content is there making sure that all the links work feel free to join those meetings and help your part of the final stages of the debugging process.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: cool I know that again, there was an events gov prop that was on discussions for a while. And then I believe recently went up for vote since passed and it's like a text phase Adam. Is there anything specifically you want to be talking about in terms of events for 2024 and some of the things on the road map here.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, this would be quick. So yeah, shout out the events of prop his past. So now I'm in the middle of working with three or four different upcoming events for potential sponsorship and figuring out what our presence will look like, but should have more updates on that before the end of the year, but we're on track to kind of get locked in for three upcoming events.

Tyler Wright: excellent

Tyler Wright: Next on the list is I know that again. There's a working group session happening around the hackathon tomorrow Friday. It's on the events calendar Adam. Is there anything specific you want to talk about with next steps in terms of the 2024 hackathons?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, for So tomorrow we're looking to kind of finalize what our governance proposal will look like. Once that's ready. It'll go up to GitHub for discussions to get feedback. And then if there's not substantial feedback, we'll look to get it up for a governance proposal vote.

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody wants to get involved feel free to leave a note inside the specific tile or join that working group session that's happening tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: Our Cheng set it at the top of the call, but I do want to highlight the work that Zach and ZJ have been doing around sdxl on If you go to the link and I'll just drop it in the chat for folks that may not know there's been significant work of just showcasing again the power of the cost Network and the gpus and so again, I just want to shout out Zach and ZJ for the work that they've done there. I know. I know it's a completed item, but I don't know if either of them want to say anything about that work or about any upcoming work that might be available to the community or that they've been thinking about

Zach Horn: And not uphand stxl's live mystrals coming soon. I'll keep you guys posted as soon as that's ready to push.

Tyler Wright: excellent again, but if you haven't used it, please feel free to use it.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of other efforts up next and in progress. Is there anything on this board that anybody wants to talk about that hasn't been talked about yet.

Tyler Wright: Cool, if anybody wants to add anything to this board again, you can add an item in a draft State and then it can be again converted into an issue. So feel free to reach out to me if you need any help with that process.

Tyler Wright: All Does anyone have any questions again going back to the projects or does anyone have any questions about anything product engineering or marketing Community or related in terms of public facing projects in the projects list.

Tyler Wright: All right as mentioned again,â€¦

Cheng Wang: I'd also like to say Sorry,â€¦

Tyler Wright: go ahead.

Cheng Wang: I should raise my hand there. I'd also like to say if there are things that the community anyone here is interested in working on that hasn't yet been Scopes and you want to start a discussion or just hit us up on Discord wherever we're definitely open to ideas. So definitely, please if you have a thought or suggestion just one idea. Let us know.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Roger.

Rodrigo Rochin: Hey guys, so I saw the Bounty for the blender. Sdl, but there had also been one already in the awesome people. Just wondering if the county is still ongoing not, I don't think it's been marked test complete but that is the others gonna be accepted or not.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Again, the project sport lives inside the cash organization. If you go to Project you can track in real time what's going on across engineering and product efforts as well as community and marketing if you're looking at specific tiles on a weekly basis, whether it be folks from the community or members of the overclock Lab Core team, we try to update those specific projects. So again, if anybody has any questions, feel free to drop a question and a project or just look out for those updates on that tend to happen on a weekly basis and again, shout out to pray to our team for all the work that they're doing the Cloud most team for all the work that they're doing and obviously remember many other members of the ecosystem that are helping with core product things and a number of other initiatives

Tyler Wright: cool next up on the agenda. we'll go through discussions again our lab usually we go to discussions that happened in between meetings the last year and committee I believe was at the beginning in November. So I think it's been a little bit over a month since the last time we've talked

Tyler Wright: usually we also try to have people that are presently here that want to talk about their discussions. Is anybody here that we can give the most time to anybody? I know Benjamin you are here and I know that Benjamin you put in a pre-proposal that got some feedback and now you've put in a proposal for miscellaneous contributions and creating a new auditor with open source tooling. Do you want to talk about this proposal for a minute or so and then again we can get some more feedback from people in the community and hear from the steering committee.

Benjamin B: Yeah, please give me one minute so I can prepare everything.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely while he's doing that again, there have been a couple of other proposals or ideas that have gone in there. We won't talk about the ideas here. Unless anybody wants to talk about them specifically, but if you have any feedback, whether it be members of the steering committee in core team or again members of the community, feel free to drop in feedback related to some of these ideas here. I know that again. There was a community support proposal that went up online as well Adam. Do you want to talk about this while we wait for Benjamin, are you get to go?

Benjamin B: Yeah, I'm good to go. Can I share my screen?

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. All So again welcome we're going to be discussing very very briefly The Proposal 406 by Benjamin

Benjamin B: Also, let me just share my screen. All great, so Me and my brother have been working on this little project where we started on the caution phone hackathon. where we got the idea and started creating some and basic demo and basically showing what the idea would allow. We started by creating this discussion. I believe this is three weeks ago. and this was not discussed last meeting either.

Benjamin B: Basically, I'm not going to explain everything here because we have made several demos here. But I just want to explain where all information is available. Basically, we start with this predraft discussion. We wanted to explain what we wanted to develop. we scraped this but we turn this into an integration instead we explained how much resources it would take. and we discussed with the community if

Benjamin B: if the funding we're asking for is firing or not. Then we got great number of people responding with a lot of feedback.

Benjamin B: we applied it and created a final proposal draft here. Unless there is a major feedback on something that needs to be changed. We also created some market research where right now there's only 11 responses. I know that there is a chance that this will go out in the Akash, what is it called?

Benjamin B: I don't really know what the emails that are going out from I will include this form link right now. We have 11 responses. And basically for each question. 90.9% is currently voting in favor of the market research questions so this does not include the details, but just whether or not and this would be needed or not. And lastly we have this draft proposal. We have created some. from science information here

00:30:00

Benjamin B: with everything related to proposal. Please feel free to ask any questions.

Greg Osuri: from

Greg Osuri: what are the exact deliverables?

Greg Osuri: Is it and timelines

Benjamin B: Let me see we have. this for our general ones, but here we have a bit more explaining and if you refer to the previous discussion, you will have more details on each service. We will have both code so that anyone will be able to spin up their own service, but we will also host it ourselves.

Greg Osuri: What is your moral post-funding? How do you plan to sustain yourself?

Benjamin B: I discussed this a little With someone from the community a little so right now. We don't have any plans. We just have ideas on expansions. We're not going to go to the community pool again. but basically our idea is that regardless if it will be a big money maker for us or It does not matter for us. We will keep it running for as long as we can and for as long as it makes sense. Then we will. double with ideas of

Benjamin B: let me see. I have the ideas written down. in a few seconds

Benjamin B: so yeah, some of the ideas that we might explore or For example Golden Tears. We could have the money back guarantees if the providers were not Of the good service we could have the feast on the kycs. And then we also have some other ideas, but we probably don't want to try this out. These are paper lease advertisements and such.

Greg Osuri: think it's important for the in general Akash Network as a whole in community to incentivize Auditors so far it's unincentivized and people are doing out of their Goodwill like yourself But this leads to another important aspect that we need to have a broader discussion. I do like the idea of creating a more automated system and open sourcing it. So anyone can run it but I do like the idea of you running it and what we need to work on is a more sustainable way to fund your operations not only your operations, but all about all auditor operations, but From a deliverable standpoint. I support this proposal.

Greg Osuri: Someone had a question.

Tyler Wright: I saw I had a PhD every hand up and I saw that dcnorse put a question or put something in the chat, but Pierre said you have your hand up.

Piyush Choudhary: If so, I have a question regarding how that we are based rating will be established. is it an automated approach or in some other way? Is it a manual approach for the provid? I saw there was some discussions going on regarding putting a clear based ratings for the providers on so this proposal.

00:35:00

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think this depends a little on how deep you want to go because if you were to create a provider and the cheapest lease you have is like a hundred dollars or maybe you're not accepting all leases. It could be hard to Benchmark so in that sense We might have to explore ways to get those providers to allow these benchmarks. But beyond this we will collect all possible information. Without forcing providers to do something. So a lot of information is trackable without creating a single deployment. and for this so-called audits and they provider doesn't have to do anything. Does this explain a little or?

Piyush Choudhary: yeah, and besides of time presentation and kyc all the deliverables of your presentation.

Benjamin B: Besides kyc and what was telling?

Piyush Choudhary: Update that is right now there on the cloud notes.

Benjamin B: Yeah, so we plan on for example a benchmark the providers via deployments. This includes most resources This Etc. Where you can de different benchmarking images We also have the ones for RPC nodes. We want to verify that they still work and provide up to date lists. because one issue that we've been seeing a lot recently is this was especially Visible when we had the network upgrades andâ€¦

Piyush Choudhary: Hey.

Benjamin B: they didn't go super Some of the RPC notes, even though some worked some just didn't work at all. They were online. But they didn't help you connect to the Shane. So one thing is that we will also include RPC notes. There are a lot of things mentioned both. Here in the latest discussion and we refer to the previous one as well. And we have a lot of details here as well.

Piyush Choudhary: Okay and final question, so let's say there are 10 providers in the ecosystem. Let's assume there are 10 providers and you launch this auditor with the all terms. what makes what things you will be tracking the most and what makes a top here. And what makes a provider a lot of you as for your rules that will be defining in this tool so it would be great if you cannot of wordings in this indexed adding a little bit explaination What makes a provider load here as well the rules that will be defining the restore and besides pic of time CPU and stories that is there on the cloud most indexer or deliverables that will be there to your proposal so it could be great to see what are the major goals of this proposal you can

Piyush Choudhary: Consider adding the words. So yeah, that's our

Benjamin B: Thanks for all the questions. we want to leave a lot of this to the user itself. So we will try to create a filtering system. So both in Cloud most and Via STL you'll be able to Define these to yourself. But for the general auditing we will have this in two different ways. The general auditing will be more so kind of how multi audits has been working and the

Benjamin B: Not a culture official auditor, but I'm not sure what it's The one and it's helping to run. Basically for the general auditing we don't really have an asset.

Benjamin B: Anything set yet. we could definitely discuss What users think here? We want to create us at the criteria that are good enough written here, but we don't have anything set in stone yet. For the other system the user could for example say that My provider needs to have 95% uptime or more. My provider needs to be at least one year old and it needs to have kyc.

00:40:00

Benjamin B: These tears that we're going to include in our auditor. and will be possible to filter both via STL and their cloudmose regardless of how you want to mix them together kind of like a puzzle. Does that answer your question?

Piyush Choudhary: Okay, I think it answered. So basically you are trying to create a filtering system, So as you said the user will select I want my provider to be one year old. I want to provide her to be or 95% of time or something like that. Is that correct?

Benjamin B: Yes here is also. Quick demo. I created how it could look like so you could choose. This is just paste of cloud. Most API. but basically

Tyler Wright: I think this is great conversation. I would just ask that if anybody has any other questions that they would like to have been and his brother asked feel free to drop those in this discussion. I know that we got some great feedback from Greg and his support for again this proposal if anybody else has any questions, feel free to drop it in there. Does anyone else from the steering committee have anything they want to mentioned piyush go ahead real fast.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no. No again. I really appreciate the questions piyush it if anybody else I think questions. I see some comments also in the chat if you can add those questions and comments to this proposal. It'll help Ben either add some of these items to the proposal wording or again think about next steps. Once Ben's ready to move forward then again, this will go up for vote. And then if it passes then very similarly to the working group for the cash website. We'll make sure to either track this via sick providers or create a special working group where we can get updates from Ben and team folks from the community can help in a decision making process for some of these fine or tune details. But yeah, those are next steps is I see them.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a couple other discussions. I know we only have 14 minutes left. Does anyone else have anything that they must talk about right now? That can't go into the discussions post? Will bend much appreciate you taking the time to walk us through. That I'm going to start sharing my screen again, and then we'll continue moving down some of the discussion boards. Because I know we have a couple of other items that we want to get to.

Tyler Wright: All Ben was getting ready. I know we were talking at the highest level about a proposal that Adam wozney put on for the Akash Community Support proposal. It is something that passed last year, it's again a funding mechanism for vote for folks in the inside of vanguard's program Adam. Is there anything specifically that you want to talk about this proposal before we open up to questions from the steering committee and other members of the community?

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Does anyone have any questions comments concerns about this Cosh Community Support proposal?

Tyler Wright: Again, feel free to drop those comments in The Proposal in the next couple of days before they look to put it on chain for a vote.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Anil talked about this at the top but someone was asking about private doctor containers, and I know that's very much on the road map. So we'll keep that issue open and continue to track that via again the project board on the engineering side as we're continues to get done there.

Tyler Wright: Continuing to look down the list. Is there any other discussion that anybody wants to talk about right now? I know we have a little bit time if we want to talk about any of the ideas before we jump into the next part of the agenda, which is an open discussion part. But does anyone want to talk about any of that GitHub discussions go ahead Robert?

Robert Del Rey: Yes, not committee particular product question for Greg. I noticed that when community members want to propose One of the questions that Rick asked is how are you gonna sustain yourself in the future? So Greg, I like to ask What are other questions? proposers to be ready to answer in future. proposals discussions if that makes sense

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm you Greg.

Greg Osuri: For me, it's deliverables. Are there going to be open source or not? And what are the expectations after they're delivered? Do you expect to get more funding do you expect to make money or do you expect to work with a network to figure out a system of mechanism, a lot of times when we've seen cases where you build something you're excited and then you want to make money on it. Being open source makes it very complicated to make money. and then you start taking shortcuts and that goes against why we needed the tool in the first place, right? So it's really that simple I don't keep too many belts and vessels. I mean it's really about what are your plans in the future about how to make money, right?

Greg Osuri: so it kind of sucks as a builder when you go build something and then you can't figure out how to sustain it how to make money on it, especially if you quit your job and do things like that, right so I don't want to set the expectations very clear up front before you start, having your own expectations. Keep it simple. I don't really have too many other questions.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any other? things that they want to talk about as pertains to any of the open GitHub discussions

Tyler Wright: cool All right. Now we'll move to the last part of the agenda, which is open discussion. I know we have about nine minutes left again. I know there's a number of events happening and the next couple of weeks whether it be a public Insider office hours, very six and working groups as we wind down the rest of 2023. But is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss with members of the steering committee? And then other members of the community here on this call?

Tyler Wright: presentation All if not, then again much appreciate everyone's time today. I know that we'll be talking a significant amount.

Tyler Wright: Perfect dcnorse's dropped something in the chat. So again, if you are want to take a look at it feel free, but again much appreciate everyone's participation today. This is the last steering committee of the year. So again, one of thank everybody for participating this year. We've had 11 of these meetings and it's just been

Tyler Wright: To continue to evolve these meetings get more folks involved, push some of these items from ideas that GitHub discussions to proposals the community pool and then to actual deliverables. So as we move into 2024, obviously, there's been a lot of learnings from 2023 as we created this open framework when 2024 I think there's a lot of momentum again, we're continuing to learn we're continuing to grow and so 2024 was really going to hit the ground running. So look out for a number of different vehicles that we're looking to get more people involved from the community from down tease to incentives to other forms of people keeping people connected. We're going to try to make it as clear as possible a number of different ways where people can get started whether they want to get started as a community member or whether they want to get started using the product. So again,

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: You want to get Hands-On if you want to help with any of these efforts, I know a number of you hand are already in insiders. But please please make your voice known and continue to express yourself on ways. You want to get involved things that you see that can be improved and we'll just continue to work together to make the cost Network where we all know it can be. If no one has the other questions and again, Happy Holidays to everybody happy New Year, but we'll certainly talk in other meetings before the new year. But again, because this last year and Committee just want to for those watching this much appreciated everyone's effort and hope everyone has a happy and safe new year and we'll talk again and January or 11th will be the next steering committee 2024 and then we'll just continue to build out the Akash Network.

Tyler Wright: All right, Hope everyone has a great day. Thank you all again.

Greg Osuri: Thank you so much.

Jigar Patel: Thanks.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you. Tyler. Stay safe everybody.

Cheng Wang: Thanks, everyone. happy

Benjamin B: Thanks, everyone. Bye.

Andrew Gnatyuk: things bye guys

Meeting ended after 00:51:50 ðŸ‘‹

