# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #13

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, March 7th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://aqjulyegruxs4xdwltfkkxqieagkmqc7dcbewovdw2wk7tj72hka.arweave.net/BBNF4IaNLy5cdlzKpV4IIAymQF8Ygks6o7asr80_0dQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Joao Luna
- Julius Haus
- LOWO
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Moss Business
- Pierre-Andre Manseau
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Zach Ross

## Notes:

- Anil led the group through the steering committee agenda.
- Anil asked if there was any community feedback.
- Deval talked about meeting members of the team at EthDenver. Deval shared the feature discovery upgrades are going well with Praetor built providers.
- Anil reviewed projects.


### Projects:

- Anil started with community and marketing board. The group talked about EthDenver 2024. Max talked about how amazing EthDenver was.
- Max talked about how many people knew Akash at the Booth, and he talked about all the events that the team participated in.
- Cheng mentioned that EthDenver exceeded all of our expecations, and talked about Akash Accelerate.
- Anil talked about Nvidia GTC 2024. Cheng added that Akash is working with Brev Dev to share a booth. Anil mentioned that Brev is a web2 platform, so it will great to be along side them.
- Artur talked about KubeCon EU in Paris. This will be the first Akash presence at Kubecon. Insiders will be helping to run the booth. 
- Anil mentioned that it would be amazing to talk to Kubernetes developers.
- Anil talked about GPU Pricing page. With the Provider Incentives programs, there are more resources online. Pricing page will help people to understand how many GPUs of a certain type, price range, and beyond.
- GPU Pricing will be added to Cloudmos and Console.
- Cheng talked about Akash Accelerate 2024 event, which is up for discussion. This will be a single day event leading up to Consensus 2024.
- Cheng also talked about how the presence will be increased for future events in Q3 and Q4. Greg talked about how there should be a working group for future events.
- Anil talked about the Committed Pool. It is hard to find the right kind of GPUs, but there have been some datacenters that have come onto the Akash Network via the committed Pools. These are 1 year committments. 
- Andrey and Shimpa have been helping to monitor uptime.
- Anil talked about the Liquidity Pool. This pool will be more on demand, and there needs to be work done on setting up a mechanism.
- Robert talked about the Zealy campaign. Robert thanked Greg who donated more AKT to the program. There are many missions on Zealy for deploying, providers, content, and beyond. 


#### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

- Anil talked about the analytics being moved to stats.akash.network.
- Anil talked about improvements to Cloudmos API and improvements to Cloudmos.
- Anil and Artur talked about Feature Discovery Service. This was released at the beginning of March 2024. Implementation will continue with a number of new features coming soon.
- Anil talked about the parameter change for bid deployment amount. The minimum bid escrow has been changed from 5akt to 0.5akt. This is on chain for vote.
- Deval talked about how these changes will have a positive impact for providers as well. Deval also talked about the gas issues that will be apart of the future network upgrade that is up for vote right now. If that vote passes, the network upgrade will happen March 13th, 2024.
- Support for SHM is coming soon. This is code complete. Anil mentioned that a lot of users have been looking for this future. 


### Github Discussions:

- Akash Accelerate has been discussed in detail, and the comments have been overwhelmingly positive.
- Anil talked about discussion #490
- Anil talked about discusion 488. Support Cancel Unstaking may not be possible right now. Anil does not believe this is a huge priority.
- Anil talked about discussion 487. Anil mentioned this is very well written. Anil talked about challenges around building a ML too. Anil asked can this be built on Cloudmos/Console.
- Anil also talked about connecting with projects like Brev Dev that already have traction. Deval mentioned that Awesome Akash
- Anil talked about discussion #496. Greg mentioned there is no use case for Smart Contracts on Akash. Greg and Artur would reccomend against moving forward with any smart contracts on Akash, at this tine. Anil added some comments to the discussion.
- Greg is open to anyone building on Akash. ICA is maybe something that can be prioritized because there are use cases there.
- Artur talked about Packet Forwarding. Packet forwardinng will help with discussion 495.
- Artur talked about Network Upgrades. The core team will have network upgrades coming soon. There will a move to Comsmos SDK 47. 

## Open Discussion

- Cheng talked about the Akash Hackathon. Tracks are being developed, so please feel free to chime in.
- There is a working group for the Akash Hackathon. 
  
### Action Items:

- Please get involved in all of the discussions on github.
- A working group should be spun up for events and a bigger presence.
- Add a Zealy card to the community and marketing board.
- March 13th, 2024 Mainnet Upgrade, pending vote passing.
- Artur will look at [discussion 495](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/495).


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Anil Murty: All right, everyone and welcome to another steering committee meeting. for March and we'll see if we get a few more people. But as usual the agenda for these meetings is to go over any sort of community feedback previous or conflicts.

Anil Murty: First give a few minutes for that and then talk about any progress of being made on projects that are in the works right now both across engineering and product as well as marketing and community. And then review any open discussions that have been coming into the discussion board. And then in general prioritize things based on. When the topic was created as there been a lot of activity in terms of people part in them. and if there's somebody from that specific team the person that submitted to discussion on the call So that's General agenda for today. Any questions from anyone on the call before we start digging into these?

Anil Murty: Okay, so we'll get started with some general feedback from anyone. Is there any sort of community feedback as far as things not going so any sort of grievances or anything else that anybody wants to bring up?

Anil Murty: Usually yeah, pretty silent response to this one. But yeah, I don't know if there's anything positive you want it that's welcome as well. Yeah, they will go ahead.

Deval Patel: Yeah, thank you so much for giving us these opportunity. I met this week Greg Maxine and other team members from It was nice meeting you all in first time at Greg in person. Other than that, we are working with a couple of providers to bring their machines on board and I'll be provided the feature Discovery right now. So it The upgrade is working fine. So we see providers are creating machines. Other than that, there is something comes up here to support them in general. We see good things are coming to attach. So yeah.

Anil Murty: Thank you for sharing all that positive sentiment. You will appreciate that Greg. Did you have you hand up or?

Greg Osuri: No other accident I want to do.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Greg Osuri: I wanted to clap my hands, but it was really good meeting you Deval and the team. We could finally connect after all these years.

Anil Murty: awesome All right, any other feedback from anyone on the call? I know there's a few people that parked in the last couple of minutes. Give it a few seconds to see if anybody else wants to. want to talk

Anil Murty: Okay, I think there is a no. The next thing on the agenda is to review some of the projects that are in progress or what completely recently. So for those that are joining us for the first time you can head over into Akash Network into the repository here and click on projects and what you should see is two boards here. You should see a board that tracks all the world that's happening on the product and Engineering side and then the tracks all the things happening on the marketing Community side. So that's something that Anyone that wants to look at it?

Anil Murty: So I'm going to start with marketing Community for a change because as Deval said we just bunch of people who already did Denver so it'll be good to sort of talk about those things first. So obviously top of Mind here is Eid Denver just got over. I don't know if somebody from either maybe Adam or anybody that actually really went to Denver could give us just a quick summary of any of the highlights or things that are worth talking about

Anil Murty: Good Max.

Maxime Beauchamp: They run. So yeah, the event was amazing. There's so many feedback from the people that we met there. There's a bunch of workshops that we did and I did one the first day that I arrived at the Desai house. And everyone was super attended asking questions super interested. During the booth so many people came to the boot knowing a cast a lot of people. wanted to know more but I was surprised by how many people were actually already aware of Akash and just excited to see us in person.

00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: I know Greg did a bunch of talks and a lot of people the rooms were all packed and the demos worked perfectly. So with a minute an amazing event, I think overall.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I couldn't make it out there in but based on what I saw. I just got the feeling that compared to even pasties Denver's this one was widely successful particularly given that we're so associated with the cosmos ecosystem. It was awesome to see, as pretty much be taking center stage on multiple events. So super cool Artur. Did I see your hand up? Was there something you wanted to add?

Artur Troian: no, there was

Anil Murty: Okay So that's kind of the main thing. I think on the completed side, unless Adam or Cheng. You want to add any other from the completed list coaching.

Cheng Wang: Yeah not know so much the completed list here, but just kind of my springboarding off of the Denver. I think when going into this event, we weren't sure how big or successful it would be and this vastly reality vastly exceeded our expectations here and this really brings I think really powerfully into the momentum at least for akashic salary, which is caution networks first summit ever. And so just one of to throw that into just it's a really really good sign and gives us the momentum going caring into this for sure.

Anil Murty: super cool Awesome, which brings us to the next conference that we are going to have a prison set that is NVIDIA GTC coming up in a couple of weeks here.

Anil Murty: Believe the plan here is to have a presence with another partner of ours and then, have obviously a bunch of meetings with folks that you up there. I don't think Adam is on the call. I don't Cheng or somebody else. If you want to add anything else to that. That's basically the kind of summary that I know of.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so Nvidia GTC conference here. We are working with brevdev. And so they have the booth primarily here and we'll be kind of writing their coattails on that because they got access to the booth and everything like that through Nvidia and they have pretty good sweet terms there. So we Co will be kind of like a secondary Marquee at their Booth it'll bread that primarily will be hosting a couple of small things one is going to be more very tiny person-ish VIP dinner before that happens. So we're currently, reaching out to Partners who will be there in perspective folks that we want to connect with right specifically. Let's say in India, that would be really nice. Some of the red team will be there as well. But yeah, as far as attendance goes, I think and Neil and myself will be there in addition to Zach on the core team and that's what we have. yeah the come and take it is coming I have

Cheng Wang: gigantic box of merch that is shipping to my house because I am a few hour drive away. So I'll be driving down there and muelling our stuff over.

Anil Murty: Looking forward to this. I wish I could have made it to eat Denver, but I'm really looking forward to in video GTC in a couple of weeks. And as Cheng said brev, is this platform that is basically for all intensive purposes where besides over two platform at a conference that is not a crypto conference is a huge thing. So I think hopefully that will be a very successful Endeavor for us.

Greg Osuri: We should read about it.

Anil Murty: awesome

Greg Osuri: We'll add a few hundred to the market cap.

Anil Murty: Thank you. exactly

Greg Osuri: You see what anchor did anchored guys yesterday tweeted saying that we're going to GTC conference and the token pump 40% Just going to GTC.

Anil Murty: it's

Greg Osuri: It's nuts.

Anil Murty: awesome at the same time that Nvidia GTC is happening. There's also kubecon you happening in the same weekend. So at least on the core team. We've kind of split resources between these two. So from our side, I believe Artur is going I don't know if anybody else is on the core team side, and I know there's some folks with the community that are going as well. but

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks so it's gonna be our first presence on keep calling. It's gonna be kind of small, but I think it should be really cool to be To see once again all our insiders and second of all.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: Speak to people that actually develop interesting for asking during this features like you videos and so forth. I believe you're gonna have both there so it should be fun. and considering huge success of Ethan where I Super excited to just be there and how part of another team members promote the car on that side So yeah, it's gonna be I believe from Akash other was me and me and then couple inside there as well.

Anil Murty: amazing and I think it'll be cool to also figure out if you can find non crypto folks that want to build. On top of our open source code base That'll be amazing win out of this. I think. So sweet, let's see. What else you want to talk about here. So you Jesse hand up.

Anil Murty: no, okay.

Anil Murty: So I think out of the remaining things the one that might be most relevant to talk about maybe is the GPU pricing page that we're working on. So one of the things that we realized is, we just to backtrack a little bit if you've been following what we've been announcing we brought up a bunch of GPU Supply in relation to the committee pool from the GPU incentives. We did this earlier this week. And so one of the things we're trying to do is improve the website so that it's very clear to people that these GPS are available and in certain price point similar to the marketing message that was sent out through the cash Network handle earlier this week about h100 as well as a 6000 becoming available. So this task is basically to add GPU page. So if you're curious about this, you can take this task as well. So it's very active.

Anil Murty: Ended right now. Once the website thing is done or more or less in parallel. We're also going to be looking at a modification to the cloud mode slash Akash console UI so that when people use the renter GPU workflow, they get bids that are very tailored to GPU pricing and shows the a minimum pricing and average that sort of thing so that we're very focused on answering the question that people have when they come looking for gpus, which is how many of them are utilize right now? How many can I get what models are there? And what's the lowest price I can get potentially from you and so that's kind of the goal here as well as for the work that's going to be done within the console Any questions on that one before we move on?

Anil Murty: awesome All right. the six. That's great. o. So other than that, I don't know and even from the marketing team want to suggest anything else you want to talk about. I think that pretty much covers these things in terms of things. We want to talk about maybe Akash accelerated if anybody wants to talk about a little bit more about what the plans there are and what's expected.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, for Yeah, Akash accelerate and Greg. I know this is your brainchild near to you. So please chime in. It's going to be a single day in May. I believe the Monday prior to the consensus conference right leading up into consensus. I think which starts on Wednesday. It'll be a single day and the theme around it. I mean it's up on GitHub for discussion and I think as well but around permission really open systems right with and with Akash being a Cornerstone of that open system and I think the best River presentation of that but that's kind of the thing around it. It's gonna be an awesome Texas a single day starting nine 10ish in the morning and three fourish in the afternoon with breaks and with a break in between of course Very speakers that we're trying to get a hold of if the community things there is there are speakers who will be a good fit there and you want to nominate them or just kind of let us know. Please do and

Cheng Wang: Kind of it for now one. Last PSA is with conferences really being the success again of ethana really demonstrating it with future Community proposals that we will be submitting really in a week or two for Q2 and Q4 conferences for the rest of the year. caution will be attending we're going to really increase the budget. We're going to be proposing right in an effort to really establish a cautious of Presence in relevant conferences. Obviously, we're not going to just spray and pray but with the conferences, we will be attending and making sure that we have a very strong Marquee to establish a brand.

00:15:00

Greg Osuri: Yeah, so it was very obvious. I mean we had very small presence but incredible reception right so I think improving our Presence will be incredibly valuable considering we have a bull market coming. Really I think more people need to know about so I want to see more effort from the community and what different things we can do at the event, IDE dinners every day every night for events around happy hours, to workshops and a lot of ideas That we could do So I think it'd be great to have some working group on this. to make some recommendations as to what we need to do better events.

Anil Murty: Because we have will spin up a working group. Start winds coming ideas are not good. They will.

Deval Patel: It will be in Austin right we can plan ahead for yourself.

Anil Murty: Yeah, yeah in concert with consensus right Cheng. Yep.

Cheng Wang: Yeah consensus starts on a Wednesday that week in May. I forget exactly which day we're planning to do it on a Monday which people will be coming in, early and stuff like that. So we don't want to overlap with consensus and get kind of drowned out right since it's our first one. But yeah, it'll be in the same week as consensus Wednesday will be on Monday.

Anil Murty: Yeah, and while the chength and Greg were talking I just realized a couple of things that I missed previously because they were down the list, but I just want to call out. one of the items here is establishing sources in contracts for the committee pool providers. So this has been a task that Chang Greg myself and a few folks from the community of spent a lot of time in the last few weeks on and we've talked to I think probably close to a dozen different sources for these gpus and it's been noted very well in the original discussion. It's been kind of hard to get access to the right age 100's a180s even in 1880s in particular any six thousands part.

Anil Murty: as you've seen from the announcement, we have two really good sources both of which we have used in the past. So one of them has been a provider on the network for several months that is now supplying as the RTX 40 90s as well as the h100 hex cluster and then another provider that was used for the thumper AI training exercise that's applying as the h100 pcie nodes as well as the a6000 nodes. So that's what's up on the network right. Now. You should have seen a boost in the number of gpus by close to 150. And then we're on track to get an additional 64 A180 gpus PCI nodes from that seems like in providers so

Anil Murty: So that's all squared away for the most part. We'll just be monitoring the providers we've set up monitoring for them so we can track up time and stuff huge. Thanks to Andre on our side for a lot of work on that as well as with the shimper ship has been huge in terms of helping out on that from the community. And so now that we have, decent amount of Supply on the committed pool. We are going to shift our focus in the next few days to the liquidity mining portion of this so, Cheng myself folks with the community anybody that wants to participate in this we're going to work on a mechanism for how the liquidity mining pool portion of this is going to be run in terms of people getting gpus. So the key difference just for people that are not available. It is the first pool which is the committee pool is higher in gpus and the idea it's a commitment for a year and

Anil Murty: In public commitment for years because number one these are hard to get so, you want to retain them for a year and second when your commitment you get a significantly better pricing. And so that's kind of the reasoning for why we put those in the committee pool. The liquidity mining pool is going to be lower ngpus. A lot of these are going to be potentially attractive to minors that have had RTX 40 90s 30 60s 1080s, whatever you call whatever those might be and it's going to be more on demand to Commitment. So we're gonna iron out the process for this there's a lot of work involved in terms of defining a process as well as building tools that can track the up time of the providers and as well as count, the fact that the resources that we're committed on day one remain on each day throughout the entire time of the incentives. So all that work needs to happen before we can open this up and that's the reason for why this is taking a little bit longer.

00:20:00

Anil Murty: But that's a huge Focus now going forward.

Anil Murty: I think that's pretty much all the things on the marketing and Community side and there's anybody wants to bring up anything else. Go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: It's live for a little over one week now. No, it's gonna be one week tomorrow. So far, we got 41 submissions. Some of them are Some of them are spam. yeah, that's how it is. This is gonna be a month campaign. I want to actually take this moment to thank Greg for giving us a little bit more funding. Scott. Thank you Tyler as So for making this a reality on my side. I'm doing social media outreach. so I'm in talks will keep people in the cosmos people system and beyond to see if we can get these further and more people can know about it today. I'm going to cry to meet up and I'm gonna talk to people about these

Robert Del Rey: and yeah so far everything is looking good. We have got lots of feedbacks. I in the telegram. I've seen questions in the Discord. There was see a question that came up on silly and then the guy went to the deployments chat and he got assistance super appreciative of that and if you guys have any feedbacks or things that could be interesting to make them a game, but with me and I can convert them into a mission right now we have missions about creating web apps dep On a cache. We have some content creation missions as well. They got missions for providers and more missions are in the work. So just wanted to be update on that guys on the sitting committee called. Yep.

Anil Murty: Thank obert. That is truly amazing work and I just want to say that personally I've seen other projects put out zeli missions. I don't think I've participating any of them. But I've seen a lot of them put them out and they've been super awesome that you're taking on the initiative to do this for just a quick question. Do you know if there's a card on this board somewhere for this Elite that's happening. If not, it'll be nice to get one of those cards here. So people are bad.

Robert Del Rey: I don't remember where I saw it, but I'm pretty sure I believe I sold one with a silly name on it. I don't know what it is. We don't have discussion for the proposal.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Robert Del Rey: I can send you the link for that.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. We'll create a card for that. Awesome. It was yep, if there's nothing else in the marketing Community side. I'm going to move on to the product engineering side of things.

Anil Murty: So bunch of things happened on the product and Engineering side as well. So just moving on to the released column here. and I think all the way down a little bit about AMD maybe so first off the cloud most team delivered essentially first a big chunk of what we're calling the quote-encode Rebrand of Const Cloud, mostly cash console and one of the things there was to split off what used to be calculates inside the UI to its own page called stats for a custom Network. And so this work is complete. I'm sure bunch of you have seen this page already, but I just wanted to call it that anything else you want to add on this. Max from cloudmusting

Maxime Beauchamp: No, that's pretty much It's gonna be upgraded probably in the future with more stats.

Anil Murty: Yep. It's really cool. We're going to look at some potential small design changes to this over time and then get feedback from the community as well. So if you have any situations for the stats page to post them on Discord or anybody in the core Team Max myself and would love to get the feedback. So that's number one.

Anil Murty: The problem mostly also worked on refactoring and improving the Club Moss API so that other folks that want to pull this information. Can you utilize it the primary to customers if you can call them customers for this right now are the pretor team and the folks working on the website. So great work here as well. I don't know trade routine if you have any feedback that you want to bring in here or everything's good when you say

00:25:00

Anil Murty: Awesome, and then the next big thing over here or not a big thing, but relatively small thing but something that hopefully will make people aware that we support payments is when you go into the UI before the way to change from uaqt to you usdc was kind of two levels deep in the UI when you enter deploy something and so this address is that thing and sort of made it up top relatively small change hopefully it makes it pretty clear to people that we support usdc comments. And in the big thing that Artur in Scott from the core team have been working on for several weeks now is supporting a feature called feature Discovery service, which basically a service that allows that they're basically discovers all the resources on again provider and exposes them to an API Arturo Scott free to jump in or here talk about all the work that you've done you.

Artur Troian: Yeah things so this is so far from Reading one of the biggest referrings for the last year related to the provider itself a year behind this entire thing is to remove human factor from first of all from library in manually notes and contributes. the second of all is to

Artur Troian: make discovery of the provider Hardware snapshots.

Artur Troian: Which automated and the implementation was a little bit positive for us. We had quite a few hiccups. However than obviously testing and everything else called us to bring this to pretty much stable level and release it last week. So with this stage what it does is sweeps entire providers a lot of things related to the GPU of what I really use on so forth and then positive through to the cloud Moss it allows to display. For example, how many a hundreds located on the network on critical provider? How many of them being used on so forth? the design of the future is complete implementation is not complete. We are planning to add quite a little things to be in the next few months.

Artur Troian: Are expand information about memory? CPU to bring detailed CPU information what kind of features it supports and so forth than hopefully also that we're gonna be able to enable automated labeling of the It should provider manual interaction completely from the perspective I think that is it.

Anil Murty: Thanks Artur that detailed update and just to retreat what artist said the primary outcome of this Mammoth exercises. Basically this enables two things one is today when you go to deploy something in Cloud Moss console or literally anything that uses that there was an You can see providers and you can see model names of gpus but when you actually created these or when you want to just go and look at how many gpus are on the network. There's no way to do that. So there's no way for somebody just go onto Cloud Moss today and find out A1 or 80s on the network how many of them are being utilize and so this will lead into much better you user experience from that standpoint and then also help us build that pricing phase that we talked about.

Anil Murty: So amazing work. the big thing that is going to be coming up a relatively small change but a big impact something that multiple people have surfaced up including the parade routine as well as the state on team is as the price of akt has appreciated as well as the number of leases that are created on the network there's a huge tax on the provider side as well as not so much on the tenant side, but more of the provider side where every time the provider wants bunch of vids. They've got to submit five akt deposit times the number of bits that I want to create and that's a huge burden in terms of the amount of deposits they got to make

Anil Murty: and so the primary change for reducing the minimum requirement for what that bit should be and changing it from 580 to 0.58 which is effectively a 90% discount or 90% reduction that is on chain right now the governance proposal and so once that passes this change is going to affect good Artur and then they will after that.

00:30:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, just a little connection to that. So it's not exactly the talks. it's very deposit on both sides and provider. This deposit is returned back the provider as soon as our beat is being closed. So for example provider loses or one product realize and listen to close those funds returned to the provider and the full amount. For the tenant any unused amount from escrow account is going to be returned back to the account. So the effectively task so it attacks is just the deposit. that

Artur Troian: there is a for deployment to be up and running. And in terms of Provider the positive we are still dividing if it actually necessary to have it. We'll see we might actually remove it in future, but we decided to just lower it for now to he's process for everyone.

Anil Murty: Yep enough. I used the word tax Loosely. But yeah, it's basically a deposit that we will put for in order to bid on workloads and then get it back when the bit closes Go ahead. They will.

Deval Patel: Yeah, thank you for doing this for us. the big deployment amount change that mostly affects the deployer I would say right but as well as it, gives the more liquidity to provide us to support more and more developments with the lower amount of Equity right as well. As I think there is another I art in this one somewhere. It changes the transaction cost of updating provider. That's a big helper for us because people are calling us cameras in the Discord. So when the transaction charge three akd to update a provided so Thank you.

Artur Troian: So that's the different discussion. I believe thing that you just mentioned you just called gas Calculation so that's another topic. We have Network upgrade for it coming up next Wednesday. because this update is quite quick and…

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Artur Troian: We are actually working right now. We haven't posted any information in the issues just yet. As soon as we rob everything up releases We are going to put information into the issues as well as in the Discord explaining what was going on. It wasn't actually a box it was by Design and

Artur Troian: there was a little thing that we missed a couple years ago not actually missed that was intentionally. But because the amount of business grown up it started to cause pain a little bit. Anyways, we have removed this part for now. Once again, you're gonna provide all the details on what's going on and why this issue was causing gas to go 200 million years on some transactions. Is going to be fixed next one today and everybody should be happy with.

Deval Patel: Yeah, thank you so much.

Anil Murty: awesome And then following that there is work that has started for this feature, which it's more like removing the limitation that you have had but you can even call it a feature but essentially being able to specify the size of shared memory that you would want when doing a deployment. This has come up over the course of us speaking with teams that want to do. AI workload training as well as inference and it's something that the expectancy typically when they're doing those things. So this is going to be a pretty significant unlock for us being able to support such workloads as well. So Artur in Adam are actually working on this feature right now. And other than that, I don't think this much more importantly wanna add some good.

Artur Troian: Industrophic. So as a feature. The implementation class has been done. just in the testing phrase because we have the Glock of things to be released and this moment you're waiting until we make plant releases and then we're gonna manage it. This thing doesn't require any networks whatsoever. It's just gonna be rolling update. Hopefully maybe next week or we're gonna be able to push it to the public.

00:35:00

Anil Murty: Thank you I think that's pretty much all the ones I wanted to go over at least for now. We don't have to dig into the things that are in the bucket next we can talk about the next meeting. I do want to get to some of the discussions as So unless anyone wants to bring up anything specific on the engineering and product side. I'm gonna move on to talking about discussions.

Anil Murty: It's so the last thing on our agenda is to typically review any GitHub discussions that have been posted since the last steering committee and then prioritize ones that have had a fair amount of activity or interactions as well. As ones that are represented by folks on the call today, so Jumping over to the discussions here. We talked about Akash accelerate already. So I don't think we need to spend a whole lot of time on that one. I don't think there's anybody that objects to this. I've read through the comments. There's literally overwhelming support for all of this so I don't think Need to be the source anymore, but I don't know any last words anybody wants to talk about in terms of accelerate.

Anil Murty: It sounds good. We'll continue to make progress on this in post updates to the community as we Define this going forward.

Anil Murty: I Look to most of these issues today morning. There were a bunch that were not really proposals but just questions about things so this one just talking about, somebody who wants to migrate from AWS and is wondering if a lift and shift is better or starting fresh and so my recommendation was first is if you're already running container native and using an orchestrator like eks, then you can probably Port that over relatively easily to Akash, but if not then Press might be better. But I think directly as Robert in rotary. I've said here the best thing to do is to send these folks over to discard for this kind of questions.

Anil Murty: Support canceling on speaking. I have definitely seen this and personally, I feel like it's a cool thing to advert. I don't think it's particularly necessary from growing demand or growing use usage on the network perspective, but my suggestion was it would potentially be a good task for somebody in the community, but I'm curious if people have thoughts about this.

Artur Troian: so let me

Artur Troian: Wait concession of father and staking I don't think we support that. so let me Yeah,…

Anil Murty: we don't and that's what they ask. yeah that

Artur Troian: let's so we're gonna have a sick chain. I believe next week. And I'll try to cover that thing. I'm not sure we can do that just yet is the current business Decay that we are on. so There is no even cancel transaction. And I'm not sure it actually makes sense to discuss it just yet. And yeah, I need to double check it but I believe you cannot support it at this moment.

Anil Murty: yeah, and also unless anyone disagrees. I don't think it's a huge priority. It's not something that necessarily hinders it option of Akash network from a tenant deployment perspective.

Anil Murty: Okay, mostly question there. It is a proposal from Human HQ for building the solution for deploying llms from hugging face onto I don't know if somebody from the human SQ team is on here to talk about this. I don't Would see anybody that looks like they might be from a human HQ team but I write through this proposal. it's really well written. So I like that part of it, but I think in my mind at least so First off I think, being able to build a solution that allows easy deployment of models that are hosting logging faces awesome.

Anil Murty: But my main concerns on this were number one, it talks about building a new UI and a new platform. My first concern was why Just build on top of Cloud Moss, which is open source now and then the second thing was while the solution can be built the harder problem always is how do you get people to use that solution when there are a whole bunch of similar Solutions out there, right, connect with f****** face the main challenge that we have felt and so we meeting the core team have discussed potentially building what we were calling on hashemel at some point in one of the big challenges with anything like that before we go and invest a bunch of time and money into it is

00:40:00

Anil Murty: Hugging phase themselves, we've talked with folks there including the founder of marketing phase and asked if they would integrate and let us have a button to deploy on a cash and it's a chicken and egg problem where they want to see a lot of workloads running on our cash before they will consider doing that and we want to get that button in order to get a bunch of workloads running on us. It's chicken in a problem there. So if you can get that going then it's a huge driver for demand from that channel in the absence of that the better strategy here, which is something that we're pursuing with companies like bread. For example, we talked about in the agtc conference coming up plus a couple of other ones that they're speaking. It's right now is to integrate with them and have them use us as their primary infrastructure provider. And so when they already have Traction in the market and a builder UI and a user experience that is extremely easy to run open source models on.

Anil Murty: It automatically drives demand for us in which is what we wanted to be doing. So that's kind of my two main piece of feedback on this, but they will

Deval Patel: I think that can be solved with minor changes in just our templates of the llm models what we host right now with awesome markers or that kind of thing. I believe we just need hugging phase API key or something from whoever wants to deploy the models, right and we can add that into templates.

Anil Murty: Yep, And that is kind of my first comment here as And we actually already have a couple of templates for a few llms. That work. So yeah, if anybody else has any feedback on this it hasn't gotten many responses. I did want to talk about it because this spend a lot of time writing up this proposal. So what is the main intention? Yeah. Maybe want to move on from that. There was a proposal or request not really proposal is not asking for any funds or anything but a suggestion for doing cartesi smart contracts. I personally have no idea what this is, but Greg going.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, so we don't have use case for smart contracts on a cash and improving expanding their tax service in the code base. Is not advisable with our use case, so I would say I would recommend against incorporating. Anything that's not called to our use case. Arthur

Artur Troian: Yeah, I'm just hundred percent support that opinion. So they cannot be just single use case for this more contracts. But the second of all most likely the use case can be done without even smarter drives. So we are in the background trying to find what kind of things we could probably increase your but at this moment you just completely opposite of bringing that into the network another point is Smart contract usage as this stage is quite complicated. So it's going to be frankly saying waste of the resource on this point.

Anil Murty: I'm just gonna drop a couple of quick things here and So that we're aware of what?

Anil Murty: We're going.

Cheng Wang: Did have a quick question regarding the smart contract. I suppose some I haven't read this but what you're trying to solve here could be accomplished at the application layer, right? It doesn't have to go into the core code base. So whatever logic you need a program, I feel like could be done further Upstream.

Anil Murty: yes, so the folks that gregoric actually have spoken with us a few times about doing exactly that so, that potentially be an alternative to this.

00:45:00

Anil Murty: but

Artur Troian: A little money discussions again about the usage of contracts. For example, the Gory it was Told that they could create deployments on a car using from work and they needed them but that could be just cheered any products. So yeah.

Greg Osuri: yeah, so the finish I thought sorry.

Artur Troian: Yeah, we're just trying to summarize here that in probably.% out of time 9 cases out of 10 the use case can be sold quite simply without Smart compacts and pretty much every time he discussion about them. It's just people just want to have them because it's cool without any

Artur Troian: proof of Need for this particular use case

Greg Osuri: Yeah, so Ideal World with ice IBC a gorak should be able to make a call on a cash. if we need to make things happen for that enablement. maybe it's worth considering I see a whatnot because there are multiple use cases people have been asking for ICA. but incorporating smart contract module inside Akash is not use case less. I don't think we need to do that much amount of lift and take that much more risk because every time you had code it's more unstable, right so

Greg Osuri: If cut I don't know or Curtis, is it a separate chain? It is a module if they want to call. stuff on a car great I mean Why not but if we need to incorporate a module and no go that would be my response to this.

Anil Murty: Yep, makes sense 100% And also the person who wrote this notes that nobody in Carter. He seems to care nobody in our castings to care person is a middleman.

Greg Osuri: Okay.

Anil Murty: So go out.

Greg Osuri: Just your average bag holder.

Artur Troian: Yeah ideas on the ICA. So as far as very cool was time. We discuss with them. I know it's probably topic to support conversation. You just pull up as we tied this thing. They wanted to have deployment on a car through a glory to using IBC and English in accounts. It was apparently the biggest blocker was they still need to talk to the blockchain and to the provider directly. For example, check the status of the deployment status of the reasons and so forth. So it wasn't issue only to rule the transactions, but how to roll events and this moment is quite unstable. So

Artur Troian: Agreement back then was like, It actually doesn't make sense. It's easier for us to just use API directly without some fun through IBC or caution and deploy in a car instead of deploying through IBC.

Anil Murty: Make sense. I'm gonna move on from this given no one seems to want to Champion this at least on the path. So for now I put some comments in the discussion, but feel free anybody else that wants to jump in and post some comments. As Huey has a comment.

Anil Murty: Okay, you're saying it can happen without Smart contracts as well. So it's not good. Next one's five akt lock we talked about that.

Anil Murty: cross chain swaps from 60 chains

Anil Murty: Rango, I think this one people already commented that there's something that can be done Robert. I think you've made a video about how this can be done as well. So he's interest to get into this but go ahead.

Artur Troian: I need to get deeper into that. You might need to wait until we got pocket forward in I know it's been on discussions a lot and we've been pushing back forwarding or quite a while right now. But I think having that will simplify there's always going to bring native. Usdc from the USD. Please hold down so if you saw the picture was like USBC oxlord usdc because too many hopes for the swap. When we bring back and foreign. is it out quite dramatically? That's what we hold on that. I'm gonna speed this issue to make sure that we are on the same page and we're trying to solve the same issue.

00:50:00

Artur Troian: And I believe accidentally leap wallet dance something like that already. I'm not sure about how to check it. It's really just to have. Quite a good working examples instead of having many barely working. So let's maybe hold on that.

Anil Murty: So I was good. Yep, if you want to post a comment on the searcher. You can go ahead and do that later, and I don't think it was. Yeah.

Anil Murty: I'm gonna say I don't think the person that even wrote it is on the corner, so that one he provided incentives away. This takes us back to the last thing we talked about in the last steering committee. So I think that's all the discussions for now. Anybody want to bring up anything else that we haven't talked about on the discussions?

Anil Murty: Good after.

Artur Troian: Yeah, just want to bring a little bit of update related to the network upgrades and we're gonna have discussion on the six chain next week. But as a summary we are slightly behind the schedule for now. There are three Network upgrades on the table. Number one is it's going to be executed next to you to fix gas issues with the provider update and then we're gonna have expedited proposals and following up is the least status. We are heavily working on a day preparing to update for the awesome cdk for 27. Because as you know, the 45 has been deprecated over the year ago, and it's not been supported and it has actually quite a few issues in terms of usability.

Artur Troian: So we are targeting to get it sometime middle this year, but hopefully sooner actually I'm gonna bring a couple of my Milestone Stones provided to the network upgrades itself where everyone could just see the progress on them and estimates on when they're gonna be executed.

Anil Murty: Thank you Hunter. Okay, so that kind of brings us to the end of the session today opening up to anyone that wants to bring up any questions or general things. We've got about five minutes one of the call. So we'll take a minute. See if anybody want to talk about anything in general.

Anil Murty: going

Cheng Wang: Just a quick announcement here for the next Akash hackathon that we will be hosting there will I think Adam has already Adam mossen. He's not on the call, I believe but he's ready I think gone into several of the sigs across this court to Garner ideas for the particular tracks and use cases that we want to encourage people to build on the first hackathon that we hold held last year was Theodore hacks timing wasn't the most ideal thing it was literally like budding up and in putting up against the GPU Marketplace launched in August, And so this time around we learned a lot from that particular hackathon will we what went well and what didn't and so this aeration should be a lot better and highly encourage folks who are technical especially to go and chime in give your thoughts and opinions and those who aren't even to participate and just kind of see what's up ideas are always welcome.

Anil Murty: It's And I believe we also have a working group if I remember for hackathon. So there's that Avenue as Great. Thank you Cheng any other final thoughts? Or questions concerns from anyone before we and today.

Anil Murty: Okay, I'll take that as a no and I think with that we can kind of conclude this month's steering committee meeting. Thanks again everyone for coming to these. It's you awesome to see. These probably get the most amount of attendance. So it's really nice to see everyone here and hopefully we're doing a good job in terms of running these as well as keeping everyone Awesome, that'll stop presenting and I guess we can in the call for today. Thanks, everyone. Bye.

Scott Hewitson: Have a good one everyone.

Cheng Wang: take care all

Meeting ended after 00:55:08 👋
