
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #14

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, March 27th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://aqjulyegruxs4xdwltfkkxqieagkmqc7dcbewovdw2wk7tj72hka.arweave.net/BBNF4IaNLy5cdlzKpV4IIAymQF8Ygks6o7asr80_0dQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Mello
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- lukas meilhammer
- Matej Leskovec
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Pierre-Andre Manseau
- Poroburu
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zeke E
- zJ

## Notes:

- Tyler led the group through the agenda and asked if anyone had any comments or conerns about the open structure.
- During the Projects part of the Agenda, Andrew Mello chimed in to talk about Spheron.

####Spheron:

* Andrew Melllo talked about how he is working at Spheron. 
* Spheron is establishing a partnership with subspace. They are in Testnet right now, but they are coming to Mainnet soon. Spheron is figuring out best pricing for Subspace plots. 
* Greg asked about Spheron. Greg mentioned that the Spheron founder mentioned that Spheron is moving away from Akash because they are not getting credit. 
* Andrew Mello responded that he is new to the issues with Spheron x Akash. 
* Moving forward the plan is not to speak on twitter. The goal is to integrate Spheron in all the right places. 
* Greg asked about the 5akt issue that Spheron brought up. Andrew Mello mentioned that this problem was solved by the parameter change.
* Greg reminded Andrew and anyone else that anyone can make a proposal. Akash is open and owned by the community. It is core team and community that go to events. All teams have a responsibility to 
* Andrew reiterated that there was a ‚Äúbreakdown in communication in the past‚Äù.  Andrew and Tyler are meeting biweekly to work through Spheron x Akash. 
* The issues in the past are not issues anymore. Looking forward, Andrew wants to do things to represent themselves to the community. 
* Andrew mentioned that Spheron takes credit cards. Spheron wants to communicate the relationship In a positivity. Affective collaborations is the goal. 
* Anil mentioned that he is happy to have a Spheron representative at open meetings. Hoping to see more of Spheron at meetings. 
* Anil asked about some technical features, and Andrew recommended that  Anil take a tour of Spheron. 
    * There are 3 types of deployments on Akash. On demand and Auto scaling goes to Spheron providers. Spot setting allows user to deploy on the public network. 
    * Tyler mentioned that continued conversation from Spheron will happen at future sig-clients. 
    * Rodri mentioned that there were many people at Kubecon that knew about Akash. Rodri mentioned the booth was packed.

 - The community continued discussion around the product + engineering roadmap.
 - The community read over open discussoins.




 

### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)




#### [Community and Marketing](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6):

Akash Accelerate passed on chain. 
* Adam talked about Akash Accelerate 2024. 
* The team has found and signed the event organizers.
* Two sides are meeting weekly until Akash Accelerate 2024.
* Adam is feeling comfortable that things are moving in the right direction.
* There is a general Akash Accelerate Channel in discord for those that may want to help plan or attend. 

Adam talked about the Akash Hackathon 2024:
* Tracks were drafted. A majority of the tracks will be around GPUs and AI. 
* participants will be using Dorahacks to register and submit. 
* The hackathon will be open for a month and a half starting in early April.
* Details will be communicated to the community for next steps with the hackathon.
Zach Talked about the Akash GPU pricing. 
* Core team made it easy for people to see what GPUs are available. 
* There is still some work to be done on the Akash.network/gpus page.
* It will be launched in the next 48 hours, but the site is live in beta right now.
* GPU pricing page is based upon data from feature discovery. All providers should please add feature discovery. Announcements have been made.
* Scott C verified that many providers have upgraded, and just a few providers needed to be upgraded. 

Tyler and Robert talked about Zealy:
* Robert mentioned that the first sprint is closing. Second sprint will happen soon.
* Feel free to join the working group to learn about the details of Zealy, or if you want to suggest a mission.


#### Product + Engineering Board:

* SHM is in testing and should be live. The documentation is done. More announcements coming soon.
* Private repos is code complete. Prelim testing has been done, but more rigorous testing will happen next week. 
* Tyler went through the high priority relationships. 
* Anil mentioned SHM is super important for AI work. Providers upgrading and supporting this is greatly appreciated.
* For GPU pricing, there is a workaround solution for how pricing is being found. 
* Anil talked about a demo Hooman HQ made at sig-clients. Anil wants to make sure that Hooman HQ private repo crosses
* Andrew talked about benchmarking API that checks on pricing with live deployments. The code is done. Andrew has a use case that he doesn‚Äôt want to talk about today.
* Tyler reminded Andrew of the open framework, if he is looking for rewards for open source work that benefits the Akash Network.

### Github Discussions:

Discussions:

* Tyler reminded people of the discussion framework, so that the most popular and lively discussions are the focus during steering committee. 
* The discussion author needs to rally the community to get involved in the discussions. Comments and upvotes will showcase the value of a discussion. 
* Tyler talked about the Coinbase Learn and Earn campaign which is live on chain for vote. 
* Tyler talked about the discussion Hooman HQ and NetaDAO brought forth. The team gave a demo at sig-clients. This is a draft proposal looking for feedback. 
* Tyler opened up discussions to the community.
* Please get involved in the discussions.
* BS gave an update in chat the meeeting chat:
  - "Lil D from NDAO, here's a quick summary from envy: it's a  "template" docker image that takes a repo URL as an environment variable, watches for modifications based on the master branch's build hash, and reinstantiates itself as changes are detected without ever terminating a lease or needing to rebuild + push additional docker images"

  
### Action Items:

- Community to participate in open discussions on Github.




# **Transcript**

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: the product engineering board go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Hey guys, can you hear me? Alright? Awesome.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Robert Del Rey: So yeah about Celia, I'll be short we bendy and I are getting ready to close out the first Sprint. It's crazy to see the numbers of engagements these same week. We had a call and we saw some stats since we have now the silly analytics available. And we're just wrapping everything up to close out the first Sprint and share more details in the working group call which is happening next Monday. But yeah a long story short just closing out the first Sprint getting ready for the second screen and stay tuned for the working group call next Monday.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if anybody wants to get involved in missions or want to learn about how things are going late to zealy. Please feel free to join that worker group call again a group discusses missions that get added to zealy as well as engagement funnel all that kind of stuff. So if you want to get involved Robert and Ben do a great job of leading those calls, and again, it's a good group of people that usually join

Tyler Wright: Again, I know there's a number of items on this board. I just want to highlight some of think Is there anything else on the community and marketing initiative board that anybody wants to discuss before we move on to quickly go over the product engineering roadmap?

Tyler Wright: I saw Andrew's hand first and then Rodger so Andrew you go first.

Andrew Mello: Yeah, hi everyone. So bit of an update on my side. I am now at sphere on network, which many of you may know or may not know is a deployment platform straight onto the Akash Network and I wanted to just let everyone know that in the coming months. We have starting a partnership with Subspace and Subspace is in test net right now and they have a lot rather large following and the spec of the workload coming is very similar to the Chia workloads. So they're looking at mainnet in the coming months and just kind of a heads up again spheron is already established a partnership with them in test net and we're gonna be bringing

Andrew Mello: Some of their community members on board now to do benchmarking and figure out the best pricing for the Subspace plots because again, it is a very similar format to Chia. So just to give everyone a heads up on that again. Looking forward to seeing that grow on Akash.

Greg Osuri: Andrew I have a question about us Okay,‚Ä¶

00:15:00

Andrew Mello: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: so your founder recently was made an announcement that we're not supporting that he wants Akash to mention spare on every tweet we do. And he publicly said they're experimental moving away from Akash because we're not giving him. credible with a credit for everything we do. what's your response since you're representing spot on here?

Andrew Mello: Yeah, so there has been a bit of an update on that. I understand that. Hey, I'm new to this situation between spheron and Akash and that relationship and one of the first things that we just started to do about two weeks ago is established that communication pipeline namely through yler where Tyler and I are now having a weekly call on how we can better properly integrate ourselves into the ecosystem because quite frankly again, I can't speak for or CEO and what he said on Twitter, but I can speak for what moving forward we are planning to do which is not speak on Twitter about any of that stuff and specifically go through the proper channels to integrate.

Andrew Mello: application into the right places on the network

Greg Osuri: and second issue I had was about reducing the deposit requirements from 5 akt to more optimal number which I believe now is 0.5 akt.

Andrew Mello: Yes, that's great.

Greg Osuri: it's a

Andrew Mello: It's exactly what kind of unblocked the issue which was we are scaling thousands of deployments which have a very large tax now and that has been problem solved and not an issue anymore at all. And so everything's fine there. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: That sounds good. Can I expect a tweet from spur on saying that this problem has been solved because last time they made it a big deal about this problem even though it's a propos.

Andrew Mello: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: That goes. That anyone can make on chain. and I'm not Clear why it's brown had an issue with that with five. Akt what prevent its poron to make the proposal because it's permissionless. Anyone can make this proposals and The argument was or since anyone can do it. Why don't you do it? So I feel like there is a sort of attitude of US versus them. Even though Akash is open and owned by the community as you see here. Everybody is contributing in this Robert, everybody is contributing right as

Greg Osuri: God or conferences it's not Akash core team. It's community that has more presence than coding. So Akashi is a community owned project. Everybody has a responsibility to contribute or to modify if they see something that they don't want to I believe the community has been very open in terms of accepting a lot of proposals. So, is there any particular reason why making a proposal was not possible by speron and expectation of someone else doing it was‚Ä¶

Andrew Mello: Yes, so I will speak to this quite frankly again.

Greg Osuri: what apartment?

Andrew Mello: It sounds like there was a breakdown in communication in the past. The way forward now is a weekly called between Tyler and myself. We're trying to get the right people who can be effective to these issues and understand how to approach them with the organization and its structure quite frankly that what you are talking about was not, perfectly translated on the other side and

Andrew Mello: Again, we have now put in place the right people to be talking about and handling that and quite frankly again, These past issues and things that were said in the past are not blockers or issues anymore. As I had noted we are the largest hyperscaler of deployments on that side. So that was a issue which the team at the time did not currently understand the mechanisms to solve that problem with so again moving forward. I'm looking forward to repairing that connection and making sure that we're doing things effectively to represent ourselves to the ecosystem rather than talking on Twitter, we want to be educating about what the features are of the sphere on network in the proper places. So that's the plan moving forward where again, we're not looking to

00:20:00

Andrew Mello: To continue that conversation of the past we're looking to implement and execute in the ecosystem. So that users are aware. We take credit cards, right? You can deploy on the public occasion Network right now with Visa Mastercard and Amex, those are features that are super important for the growth of the network and‚Ä¶

Greg Osuri: Yeah.

Andrew Mello: we want to continue that relationship in a positive way now that there is new structure. How we move forward which is weekly calls communicating with Tyler effectively and as execution focused as possible.

Greg Osuri: This sounds good. Thank you so much for the committee. And yeah, it will be great as well.

Andrew Mello: Yes, I will follow up with that and see what I can do. But that does not sound unreasonable at all. And again an effective partnership and cooperation is definitely gonna be the way to go with ourselves for deployments and for hyper scaling employment and reeking new heights there.

Tyler Wright: I know that there's some hands up. I just want to make it clear. I let that conversation go on because I think it's important conversation to have during committee. But we do have an agenda that we like to follow there is an area at the end where we can talk about some of the stuff in detail. so as we continue move forward, I just want us to be weary of that because I get myself to go through discussions and number of other items. So again, I want that was an important discussion to have Yeah,‚Ä¶

Andrew Mello: Thank you, I think I answered Greg's questions. Yep.

Tyler Wright: I saw Rodrigo's hand up. But maybe Anil had something that you want to talk about specifically related to that before we go to Rogers question and then move on to the product and Engineering board and they do want to go first and then I'll follow up with Roger.

Anil Murty: Sure, and we can certainly take this up later. But what I was curious about Andrew because you're on the call and thanks for joining the call. By the way. We've always wanted somebody from Scare on to join these calls and we haven't had any representation. So it's nice that you're joining these what I was curious about was it's awesome that you guys are driving a bunch of leases on the network.

Andrew Mello: I would invite you to become a user on spheron head on over We get lap GitHub signups all of the standard authentication methods and you will see what features we offer and to specifically answer your question. There are three styles of deployments on the sphere on network. Those are Auto scaling.

Andrew Mello: we have an on-demand and then we that spot deployments go to the public Akash Network Auto scaling and on-demand are going to sphere on providers that can support more features, increasing memory of a running deployment. That's one of the features or Auto scaling deployments. Those are additional features that the sphere on providers can support. So I invite you again to go try the platform and you will see that you can deploy on the public network and you can also Deploy on sphere on providers with additional features that are not supported on the public network.

Anil Murty: Okay, thanks.

Tyler Wright: excellent

Anil Murty: Yeah, I've used it eight times by the‚Ä¶

Andrew Mello: Yep, there are three styles of deployment.

Anil Murty: You'll be seeing my you.

Andrew Mello: Yep.

Tyler Wright: So I'm gonna kill this conversation for now. I know that we can continue to have one of the things that Andrew and I have talked about is having sphere on represented at sick clients where we could go into depth and folks that are actively thinking about these kinds of things can come together and ask specific questions. So again, the steering committee is really focusing the high level objectives, and I just want to make sure to get through all those things rodri. Is there something that you want to talk about in the community and marketing and issues board. I know you've had your hand before a while before I move on to the product and Engineering board.

Rodrigo Rochin: Hey guys, I'll make it super quick. I was just going to add a little about kubecon. I was expecting a lot of people. Thing or going by the booth, but we had a lot more than I expected. We reach our lead goals 75% on the first day. People from Google late ws and has their approached the booth people who knew who all renew about Akash, and I think we're gonna get more Wrote deploying and providers and some of them are renew about the akt token and lots of interest there and I thought it was a great success and we should attend more of those. Will you really didn't have many free time at the booth and even all of the people who were there? We were busy talking to different guys at the same time. So,

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: All right, continuing to move along again. As a part of the projects list. We also go over things that are on the product and Engineering board. Shm. I know is something that's in testing and should live over next there. So the documentation is There's been rigorous testing done by a number of folks from core team and elsewhere. And so that is something that again you should see announcements and Discord and other channels very soon making that available. I know that again prior repos is something that is also something that something the community has been asking for a long time. And this is code complete and believe is going to be moved into testing early next week. It's been preliminary tested. But again, there will be some further testing done next week. So I know that those are two items that again should be moving to released.

Tyler Wright: very shortly. Hopefully before the next steering committee monthly meeting. So I just want to call those out. I know that the Max has been doing a fair amount of work as Zach mentioned on the relationship GPU page. She's been some API and point work that's been done. That work hasn't talked about in sick clients yesterday as well as sick providers. So again, I don't want to Anything that's been talked about in detail last couple of days, but I know this work is ongoing by the max team and again should be moved over to release some time over the next couple of days after a couple of things are fine-tuned.

Tyler Wright: I know those are the most pressing high priority items that engineering and working on. I know there's a number of product relationships that are happening with the number of pocs and Neil Scott. Is there anything that you all want to call out as pretend the product engineering roadmap before I open up to questions about product engineering Focus projects?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and Neil.

Anil Murty: Yeah, don't forget too much in the weeds, but just want to mention a high level that. The shm size thing is super important because most of the people that use Akash for AI type workloads today need to be able to specify customization size and that blocks a bunch of customers and that's why that's a high priority. So, providers are grading. And supporting. This is really appreciated. And then on the GPU pricing and point the thing to keep in mind, there is no way to directly poor GPU prices directly from the providers itself today. So there is a workaround solution that Maxi and maximum worked out which is fairly close to the actual pricing of the GPU, but it won't be 100% exactly what you said on the GB pricing.

Anil Murty: I don't want to go into the weeds of how that is being implemented. But if there's anybody that has questions about it, we can take it offline. And then private registry support. The only thing I'll mention there is the folks from Human HQ. They did a demo yesterday about a solution that they're building about how they can improve. Docker builds and deployments on a cash and they talked about supporting private Registries in that same context. So We should probably get to them and figure out if there's any complex between what we Implement here versus what the implement. That's it. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate you bringing at the sick clients meeting yesterday. There was a demo and we'll talk about a little bit of discussions. But again great to have Folks at that Specialist Group talking specifically both human HQ team as well as an adult. Go ahead Andrew.

Andrew Mello: Yeah, I haven't been on this call in a bit. So sorry for chiming in with a bunch of info today. But I have had on the back burner a benchmarking API that solves this question on pricing because it does live real deployments. Right? And so the best way to get the price of a GPU is check what the providers offering for it every few hours, right? And so

00:30:00

Andrew Mello: once I get my ducks in a row that code is already done. It just needs to be set up and turned on and I do have a use case for it that I'm not ready to talk about just yet today, but it should be known that there will be an API available at some point with the price of a deployment on a provider that includes two prices one with GPU one without and we can extrapolate from that single deployment what they price things at and Figure it all out. So this has been done. I just need a little bit extra motivation to get behind it and it's around the corner. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: All I know I saw your hand Go ahead.

Anil Murty: Yeah would take a lot of time but Andrew that's really great that you had the solution would be nice to know about this because that's literally what Maxi he is not on the call and speaking for him. But that's literally what he has implemented in. The last few days is basically

Andrew Mello: If you look back I've mentioned this in previous discussions and this was actually something that I had worked on previously before in the last six months that I was at Akash as So this has been something in my wheelhouse for quite a while and me can't speak to how it was Mr. You missed it. So

Anil Murty: I mean that's exactly the solution that is incriminated now and that's what we're using for the pricing page.

Andrew Mello: I don't work for Akash. So as I said if there was some form of extra, I need to align it with my time frames and my projects otherwise, so if you want it done or need extra support, you can reach out to me for it. Yep.

Tyler Wright: there's also a public framework on especially stuff that's open source, we figure out How to incentivize so I would ask that you continue to follow that open framework that everybody else in the community follows. Is there any other topics related to product and Engineering roadmap that anybody on this call wants to discuss before we move into the discussion section.

Tyler Wright: All Cool going back to the agenda again during this portion. We review any new discussions that have happened since the last year and committee meeting. There are a set of criteria that we hold folks to so that we're not wasting time during the steering committee. We ask the folks that are participating or leading those discussions attend those meetings. We ask and this is something that we saw in previous discussions. If you are putting up a discussion on GitHub the onus is on you the community to contribute to that discussion. If you are rallying the community and there's nobody else that wants to get involved in discussion. That's usually a clear cut sign that's not something that the community is necessarily interested in and then maybe it's time to

Tyler Wright: collect ideas that go back to the drawing board and come up with a new discussion. So again, that would be the way that I would ask folks to move forward is that you put up a discussion on GitHub and you want people to interact with it because he wanted to move forward then please again, let people know what the discussion is about don't get into the weeds where people have no idea what's going on just high level what you're trying to accomplish why it improves the Akash Network, how it improves their caution Network and then ask people to contribute to discussion and my comments by up votes by all that kind of stuff and consistent communication during the special interest groups and working groups. Then again, the appropriate discussions that need to be pushed forward will present themselves. With that being said, I know that the last meeting was March 7th. And so that again there's a couple of

Tyler Wright: There's a couple of discussions that have happened since then. I want to focus on discussions that folks are a hero. I know this is something that live on chain right now and is scheduled to close tomorrow, but again, there's active discussion questions from the community those questions have been answered. So I don't know if anybody wants to talk about or has any other questions about coinbase learning rewards and quests proposal right now, but this is a great example of again a discussion that has a lot of folks asking detail questions. And so that gets pushed forward very quickly, but does anyone have me comments or questions on coinbase learning rewards and quests proposal before we continue on

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: cool All right. Another item that has come up in the last couple weeks and is around.

Tyler Wright: This one that Anil just talked about at sick lines yesterday. Pierce who worked on the website revamp has been working with the netted out team and the POC that they demo was around making it easier for folks, whether the government websites or their doctorizing anything to basically streamline and automate a little bit of that. Containerization process through cloudmose again, they gave a demo and said client so I don't want to go into a great detail here, but they are looking for feedback from the community on their idea. I would ask that if you're on this call.

Tyler Wright: Steering committee or a member of community you just look at this proposal because again another Dow team as well as a human HQ team spent some time to put this together and work works on the proof of concept, even if it's okay. It's just not something that necessarily is needed by the network or hey, this is a great idea that needs to be pushed forward. Any feedback would be necessary or be welcome. I know there's a couple of folks from Lanetta Dow team here again. This was discussed in great detail yesterday. It's declines. But I do want to open it up to anybody from net adapt. They want to give any high-level points on this specific discussion. Again. This is not even a proposal yet, but just a draft proposal looking for feedback.

Tyler Wright: I know some of the net of Doubt team might not be able to speak live. But again, if you have any questions, please drop them inside of this discussion so that you can get real-time feedback from team that's working on it.

Tyler Wright: But we already talked about a cost accelerate which was again discussed by the community and has already passed on chain. So we don't have to go into detail Is there any other discussions that anybody wants to focus on here today that we haven't talked about as a group yet?

Tyler Wright: All that's not that we can continue move on. But again, I urge everybody on this call insiders and vanguards. I urge you all to get more community members that you see General Chen other channels involved and at least some of these discussions right and this could lead to a number of other ways that people can get involved with the crash, but everyone I know Has an opinion so please feel free to push people towards the discussions.

Tyler Wright: yeah. BS is putting the chat. He's part of the netted out team just gave a little bit of quick summary. But again, please get involved in those discussions.

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else related to discussions and again, the last part of the agenda is related to just open it up to any questions. Does anybody have any specific questions that they want to ask of the steering committee or the community while we're all here?

Tyler Wright: All right, I'll take that as a no. All right. if there's nothing else I know it's been a fun-filled steering committee monthly meeting as mentioned as a lot going on across a number of different projects teams Etc. The Specialist groups that happen again monthly sometimes by weekly are a great place to get into the needs and get into the details about specific projects that are going on. I know that on this call everybody in this community. it's very very busy, building for Akash or just busy in general. So be great to have constant commun Follow up and consistency from folks in the special prescription working groups so that again if you're working on something and then you just appear for a couple of months. It's on top of mind or at least people have access to it.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: just want to shut that out. And again anybody has any questions about ways to get involved. Please feel free to reach out to myself Adam anybody from the core team or vanguards inside of anybody in the community because there's a number of clear ways which people can get To anything else to anybody wants to discuss before that. She'll go.

Tyler Wright: All again, happy Thursday everybody. Thank you for your participation here today, please look out for a number of special interest groups happening next week for following weeks. So if you want to get involved in provider and clients and stuff, with the talk about a little bit detailed today, please join those special interest group for clients. If you have any provider-related questions as an active group of providers that meet a monthly to talk about provider related. Everything. so please feel free to join that group. And then again stick chain will be happening next week or the week after we talk about Network upgrades that are planned for the future six of porches where you can get involved in a number of support issues related to the core product and sick Community design working group for a Cosh website. There's just a pleasure of ways in which people can find and make and find a way that they can get involved and supporting and growing a cost.

Tyler Wright: off my soapbox. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you very much for the time today. I will continue to talk online between meetings.

Tyler Wright: Appreciate you all. Bye.

Cheng Wang: Thank you, everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you all by.

lukas meilhammer: Thank you all bye and I'm not going anywhere. And have a good day guys.

Andrew Mello: another day

Meeting ended after 00:46:49 üëã
