
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #15

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, May 2nd, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://s7ymsn3qwdtyyfd5tyjshf4r7a5ticrqhgf7nzpllkmf76gnqmpa.arweave.net/l_DJN3Cw54wUfZ4TI5eR-Ds0CjA5i_bl61qYX_jNgx4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Deval Patel
- Dimokus
- Henrikas Ragickas
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- L
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Nick Merrill
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zeke E


# Meeting Notes:

* Tyler talked about the change in schedule for the Steering Committee over the next months
* Tyler went through the agenda for the meetings. The agenda can be found on the Steering Committee readme. 
* Tyler asked if anyone had any issues related to sigs and working groups? Tyler mentioned that Discord events has bugs. The source of truth for all sigs and working groups is on the Akash Website: akash.network/development.
* Tyler moved to the second agenda item for the projects list. 
* There are two project boards. One for Community + Marketing and 1 for Product and Engineering.
 
### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

* Akash Mainnet 11 Upgrade happened right before the Steering Committee meeting. This has been released and the network is on v0.34.0. Artur discussed issues that we solved with the Mainnet 11 upgrade including improvements to AUTHZ and Private registries for deployments. All documentation is up to date and available at akash.network/docs
* Console is working through a private repos issue on the client, but that should be resolved soon. 
* Artur talked about the Cosmos SDK migration. Discussions are ongoing about which version to upgrade to (v47 or v50).
* Tyler mentioned all the work the core product team and core engineering team is doing on adding items to the backlog for the roadmap. There are a number of items that the core team will be working on over the rest of the year. 
* Tyler talked about the Praetor team, and the work that they have done since joining the core team. Praetor will be open sourcing their repos, and this will be shared with the community. Deval mentioned that the Praetor team has added issues to the Product and Engineering Roadmap. Deval and Jigar are also working on testing for K3s Provider Build process.
* K3s Provider build testing has been on going with members of the community, Praetor team, as well as the core team. The goal is to greatly improve provider stability and make the provider build process 
* SGNorse asked a question. 
* Scott talked a little bit about the Provider build process. The provider build process improvements is designed to be significantly easier and faster. This has been used internally to spin up clusters for testing, etc. Historically this took closer to an hour to build a provider. 
* Scott mentioned that testing is on going for K3s in multi node environments. This is the last testing. If anyone wants to get involved in testing, please reach out to Scott or Tyler. 
* Deeper discussion on these topics happens during sig-provider.
* Cloudmos refactor and rebrand has been ongoing thanks to all the hard work from Max B and Max C. The refactor work is almost done. There will be a larger plan for the rollout. If anyone wants to get involved in early testing, please reach out on Discord. 
* Tyler asked if there was anything that the community wants to talk about related to the Product and Engineering Project Board. Milestones are also available for tracking projects on the core product and engineering sides. 



#### [Community and Marketing](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6):

* Tyler talked about Akash Accelerate 2024. Livestream and A/V teams have been worked out. Akash Accelerate is May 28th, 2024. Swag is also being ordered. A number of speakers have been confirmed, and updates will be made to the Akash Accelerate 2024. Adam will be organizing watch parties happening around the world. 
* Consensus 2024 will be following Akash Accelerate. Designs for booth have been finalized.
* Tyler talked about the Akash Hackathon. May 17th, 2024 is the last day for the Hackathon. Link available here: 
* Robert mentioned that there are weekly workshops for the Hackathon. Scott C, Anil, and Secret gave workshops during the Hackathon. There are a couple of more workshops happening. 
* Andrew G asked about Dorahacks and their 100% fees. 
* Cheng chimed in that fees are used for operating and paying out the prizes for Akash Hackathon. Andrew mentioned that Dorahacks is delegating to jailed validators. Cheng will make sure this gets followed up on. 
* Robert talked about Zealy. The 3rd Sprint started. Robert shared some insights about the wg-zealy campaign over the last 3 months. Shared screen starts at ~ 30:00.
* Robert is thinking about ways to retain members after they finish missions. Robert asked for community feedback on how to get users from Zealy to other groups on Akash. 


### Github Discussions:

* Tyler talked about Github discussions at a high level. 
* Tyler talked about GitHub discussion 562. Anil gave some feedback. This will get added to the Product and Engineering Roadmap. This discussion has been on going in sig-clients, and in multiple GitHub discussions. 

### Action Items:

* Cheng will follow up on Dorahacks, and how they are staking. 
* Cloudmos to Console refactor and rebrand should be live soon. 
* Akash Hackathon closes May 17th, 2024.
* Akash Accelerate 2024 is May 28th, 2024
* Consensus 2024 is May 29th, 2024 - May 31st, 2024. 
* Tyler will follow up with details for bug program. 
- Tyler led the group through the agenda and asked if anyone had any comments or conerns about the open structure.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the steering committee monthly meeting of today is 2nd. Again. This meeting would normally take place the last week of April but due to just the next couple of months and how busy they are. I moved this meeting to again the beginning of May that we're having right now, and then the next steering committee will be again the first week of June following consensus 2024, which we'll talk a little bit about later. much. Appreciate everybody that's joining us today. And again everybody that's going to be listening in later. I know it's been a very very busy period with a lot going on in the community.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to get us started with our typical agenda. So again, all steering committee notes transcripts and recordings can be found from previous meetings and read me in the readme table. there is a public Link in the drive that anybody has access to for the most recent. Recording for the last steering committee, but are weave is who we use to manage. These recordings has had a surge in pricing and so we'll have that up very soon. But if anybody needs access in the meantime to the previous recording again, you can access it on the drive or you can reach out to me, but that should be up in the next two days or by Monday the latest.

Tyler Wright: Again, we have a typical agenda that we go through where we start with reviewing And discussing and addressing any Community feedback. Then we go into reviewing of the Project's list. This is where we look at the community and marketing as well as a product and Engineering roadmaps, which are all again publicly available and GitHub. Following that we look at any GitHub discussions where we focus on discussions that have a lot of comments and we focus on discussions where participants from that discussion are currently here at the meeting. So again, there's a number of criteria for how we determine which discussions we will discuss though. That will be a focus of the steering committee.

Tyler Wright: So again following that then we open up to any questions. I would ask that we follow that structure because I know a number of folks might have updates or comments concerns. But again, we'll just go through the agenda at the structured and then if anybody has anything they want to discuss we can save that for the end. Anybody wants to drop any additional items that will have during open discussion. Feel free to throw those in the chat and then we'll note them for later.

Tyler Wright: So to get us started with the typical agenda. I want to review and discuss and address any Community feedback or grievances are conflicts. Does anyone on this call have any issues related to the cigs or working groups or the community in general that they want to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Boom, I raised my hand for myself. The one thing that I've been looking at over the last couple of weeks is the Discord events. I know that there's been feedback from the community about the Discord events breaking. I do want to make it clear that again the source of Truth for all cigs in working groups is the Akash website on the development section. There is a calendar where you can track all the six and working groups and you can actually add it to your calendar and track these on a weekly or monthly basis one thing that I'm trying to work out is how to improve or how to use a Discord events again, it's very very buggy symptom number of support tickets out to Discord. I know a number of folks in other communities are having going through the same issue. So that's one thing that I'm trying to improve on so that folks clearly are clear about when

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Meetings are and again are not solely reliant on events. When sometimes it works seamlessly another times. It just seems to break for no reason whatsoever. So if anybody has any comments or feedback, feel free to send that to me. But again, we'll continue to find ways so that it's very very clear on where and when cigs and working group meetings are

Tyler Wright: Any other discussions or any other feedback around the cigs and working groups that anybody wants to share right now?

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: All right, moving along. The next part of the agenda is around reviewing of the projects list you can this is a version that we tracked the previously but if you go to GitHub and then you go to the project section, there are two project boards that are public these get managed and maintained by members of the community and the core team on a daily basis. So again, you can get real-time views as to what's going on in the community both on the engineering and product side as well as a community and marketing anything that again the community is working on or the core team is working on you can track where it is and whether it's in backlog up next or completed. So again, feel free if you have any specific items that you want to discuss between steering committee. So just in the community look at the road Mac and roadmap and feel free to ask questions or

Artur Troian: All right. Yeah, so we have completed successfully Network upgradeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: feedback I know members of the community team are double booked for today.

Artur Troian: which stands our house the options For the deployment deposits in the pastâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So I'm going to start off with the product andâ€¦

Artur Troian: what was happening that?

Tyler Wright: Engineering roadmap.

Tyler Wright: I know one big item that has been worked on was the network upgrade.

Artur Troian: Whenever deployment is closed,â€¦

Artur Troian: the Aussie authorization is canceled pretty much andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: That is something that was in testing.

Artur Troian: that was sort of bottleneck for my use cases andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: And again, as of I believe a couple hours ago.

Artur Troian: we are able to find a fix it.

Tyler Wright: There was a successful Network upgrade.

Artur Troian: So this is live,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Thank you to all the validators that upgraded the infrastructure.

Artur Troian: please enjoy using that there was one more feature related to the providers that we now support private registries.

Tyler Wright: I'll hand it over to Scott or Artur to talk a little bit about where we are here today andâ€¦

Artur Troian: So pretty muchâ€¦

Tyler Wright: some of the next steps.

Artur Troian: if I need deployment needs to access product containers they can do so.

Tyler Wright: But again that is been moved from testing to release as it is now live andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: we are on version zero Dot 34.1

Artur Troian: All of the documentation andâ€¦

Artur Troian: updates to the console as well as how to deploy it using the CLI. I believe available. There is one issue on the console which is a style mentioned is being fixed right now, and we should have these be on the production. Pretty soon like an hour or so.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. another thing that I just want to shout out talking about some of the forward looking work in the backlog section. I know that both the product team and engineering team of developed the roadmap as they think about the rest of the year and amongst those items have started to map out again some of the major projects that folks that both the core team is going to be working on obviously. There's some items that might be broken down into smaller projects and tickets. But again, please feel free to look at this road map and kind of track some of the major items that the core team is thinking about and working on.

Tyler Wright: One other thing that has happened, I believe since our last steering committee meeting is around open sourcing of prador. I know some of the Prater folks are on the call here today. It's been great to work more closely with them. And I know that they've already started to open source prador again into three repos that you can see and kind of track on the board the ball. I believe you all are on this call. is there anything that you want had is there anything that you want to add again?

00:10:00

Deval Patel: That's out here.

Tyler Wright: It's been great having you as a part of the core team. And again, the Prater team is actively working on open sourcing again the front back end security So the ball I'll pass it over to you to talk about anything that you're working on.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes, we can.

Deval Patel: Yeah our project consists of three Depots which is security front end and We open source security yesterday. We are going to open source front and back in today or tomorrow for sure. And yeah.

Tyler Wright: Excellent again, as soon as the open source portion is done and those repos are created then. There will be more projects that will be added to issues. They'll be added as under those Repros that are folks that they'll be working on and folks from the community can also contribute to go ahead Deval.

Tyler Wright: I think that's a great segue and again appreciate all the work. The Prater team is doing another item that is in testing. But I know that the main debt upgrade has been a high priority is an updated provider Bill process. This is something thats Scott has been working on and has been using members of the community to test this provider build process Deval just alluded to being in lockstep with again the rest of the core team to vet this new provider Bill process. There's a list of items in terms of again. Just betting to make sure it works in all sorts of conditions and edge cases before we take next steps and updating documentation. So if there's anybody out there that is a provider and wants to get involved in again testing some of these new provider build process.

Tyler Wright: Developed by Scott feel free to drop a note in the sake provider Channel or just providers and again we can go from there. Just saw a message from dcnorse.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah. So again, these are the kinds of conversations that we will have in sick providers or we can drop specifically in the roadmap. One of the things that I've been urging insiders and everybody in the community community to do is

Tyler Wright: please participate in conversations. I know I just said this on the Insiders call. So pardon me for repeating myself, but a number of people have very vocal opinions about the Akash Community again, many of those things very positive, but when there's discussions or conversations about pushing the network forward, I would love if people can make those conversations public and respond to discussions. It's a very open Community where people can collaborate and again can take constructive criticism, but it's much better served in a public setting whether it be in Discord or whether it be in GitHub discussions versus me having a translate private messages, so I would urge anybody that's gone opinion about Prater or anything on these road maps to just express it or just get involved in discussions. It goes a long way.

Tyler Wright: I am Scott. I know we were talking a little bit about the provider build processes or anything that you want to add. I know that you've been pretty heads down this week with mainnet 11 upgrade version anything you want to add about the provider Bill process, which is in testing currently.

Scott Carruthers: I'm sorry. I'm not sure how cognizant all the members on this call would be to the provider Bill process that were referring to but essentially it's using procedures using k3s and install scripts which literally takes the provider Bill process down to probably about a 10 minute complete build.

Scott Carruthers: was a

Scott Carruthers: Maiden invert Don't know. So yeah, as I was saying it literally takes the provider Bill process down to about a 10 minute process. And when I say the provider Bill process that includes persistent storage, it includes if you have nodes with gpus or includes the install of gpus and container runtime environments for gpus and so across all that spectrum is taking it down to a 10 or 15 minute process. So we've been using this six. Considerably internally so during Dev work our term myself and other members of the core team can now spin up. Complete kubernetes clusters and working providers again with all the answer features including IP leases and storage and GPU support in 10 or 15 minutes. So any of those in the audience that are familiar with the

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: existing Bill processes can imagine the power abandoned spin up a cost providers that quickly so as Deval Mentioned prior I believe that Prater Bill process has been using k3s in production for a cost providers for some time for single node deployment. So all on one scenario where you have collapse control plane and worker nodes and just single provider use but there's been some hesitation and some concern about using k3s and multi-node environments. K3 asses definitely being using more and more Enterprise. Scenarios over the last couple years. I think the prayer team primarily looked at this during their initial development processes a couple years ago. So we're now taking a fresh look at that and as soon as we can have

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions about provider Bill process or anything pray to a related?

Tyler Wright: Again, we'll have continued deeper conversation during sick providers. So feel free to join that special interest group or just get involved in Discord between meetings.

Tyler Wright: I know that members of the Commerce team aren't currently here because again, they're heads down but I do want to shout out the work that the max have been doing in rebranding from cloud most to Akash console again with the max is a part of the overclock core team the cash console will be in the future the pool for folks that want to deploy via you act. So be like again the same experience that folks have been used to with Cloud most but now it'll be open source where there will be ability for more folks to contribute to the growth of console over time.

Tyler Wright: I know that Rebrand work and refactor work is almost complete where there will be a staging site available for testing starting next week. And then there will be a larger plan as it pertains to the rollout for the console again deployed tool over the next couple weeks. So look out there if anybody wants to get involved in early testing again, feel free to reach out to myself for the Max's and we can get you involved in that when available, but I do want to shout out all the work that the Max has been doing and getting console ready.

Tyler Wright: Cool again, we can talk about a number of things that are currently in progress that are being worked on by the core team as well as items being worked on by the community, but with the maintenance upgrade happening today, I know that there has been just a lot going on. Is there anything on this board specifically that anybody wants to talk about in more detail today?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: One other thing you can look at is again inside some of these items and up next and backlog. You can also track Milestones again, especially on the engineering side and there will be more items coming across different repos being added to this product and Engineering roadmap so much appreciate all the work led by again Anil and Archer in this transparency and all the work that's being released. shout out to their leadership and just the community as a whole for all the work that they do.

Tyler Wright: All right, moving along again product and Engineering grow back has been covered the community.

Tyler Wright: And marketing initiatives up. I know that there are another number of initiatives that are being worked on right now with again around events. So there's a Kosh accelerate 2024. This gets updated in pretty frequently by Amanda as pertains to all that's going on. I believe that they're in meetings right now. But as of recently and anybody here from the marketing side can correct me if I'm wrong but live stream and audio visual team has been worked out. So again as Adam prepares for some watch parties that will be having around Akash accelerate. There's been serious discussions and follow up that live stream is going to be working and there will be Again Video available following the one day conference swag is in the process of being ordered for the event. So again people that participate live

Tyler Wright: Or come to the event live we'll be able to leave with branded Akash Network items that they can wear for the rest of the conference and just wearing their General lives. And there's a number of other items for again speakers are being organized and believe there's a speakers will be updated soon. There's been at least five or six confirmed in a number of people have filled out the speaker application looking to speak at our cost accelerate. So again, there's just so much going on a cost accelerator. I do want to shout out all the work that Amanda Adam the marketing folks as well as the partner that we're using for event management is doing as we prep for Kash accelerate. It's gonna be exciting Day on May 28th again, there will be some more updates on in terms of watch parties if you can't be there live or if you can be there live again, there's links available to register for the event.

Tyler Wright: Both on the back of Akash accelerate will be consensus 2024 which as of recently again, a cash network will have a at Booth design has been finalized. Shout out to Sig design and Dennis for all the work that it had done there and Zach as well for the messaging components and just general marketing leadership. So again consensus will be following Akash accelerated. I believe the 29th through the 31st. Robert if you're talking you might be on mute.

00:25:00

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much that I always happens.

Tyler Wright: Hence why the next steering committee will be moved back a week.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah about the hackathon real quickly.

Tyler Wright: But again as updates become available and

Robert Del Rey: We also have in weekly workshops. Some insiders have helped us andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: as things continue to get paid out there will be sheets available to the community to try to track against again the community pool spend for consensus 2024 as well as Akash.

Robert Del Rey: and yeah, it's got thank you so much. We had Anil last week. We had secret Network talking about their sponsor track today. And next week,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Accelerate 2024.

Robert Del Rey: we're gonna have two workshops.

Tyler Wright: There anything I'm missing out on orâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: So once happening on Wednesday in charge damir chimpa,â€¦

Tyler Wright: does anyone have any questions on consensus 2024 or classic accelerator 2024 before I continue on with some of these other items on the board.

Robert Del Rey: Europe plots is in charge of that one. In the next one is on Thursday. So I just wanted to remind that. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again more updates will I'm sure be happening around the hackathon as we approach the deadline for the end May 17th. So look out for more announcements from Adam and the hackathon team. Go ahead Andrew. Cool. Allâ€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Hi guys.

Tyler Wright: I know the hackathon is next up.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm sorry I missed yesterday's economical.

Tyler Wright: The hackathon has been running I believe for a little bit under a month.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I wanted to ask this question before. Yeah. Thanks Cheng.

Tyler Wright: I'll attach a link here. But the May 17th is the last day for the hackathon.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Just a question about it's not about the door hacks,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I know a number of folks have reached out to me privately saying they were going to participate in the hackathon.

Andrew Gnatyuk: but probably about the dura hacks. So I've noticed they had a note on X validator right andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So again it's getting down to the time of submitting or making your submissions for the hackathon.

Andrew Gnatyuk: they have a hundred percent fees.

Tyler Wright: Please follow the Adora hacks to submitâ€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: My question is this on the time of a hackathon orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if you see anybody in the community. And again, there's an entire section in Discord for the hackathon with teams that are being put together a projects that are being worked on.

Andrew Gnatyuk: is this or you can fill me up on this? why do they have 100% fees?

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I can jump in there for that Andrew.

Tyler Wright: So again, feel free to get involved in the hackathon believed again,â€¦

Cheng Wang: It's a good question. Yeah, the door hacks validator specifically is on 100% feesâ€¦

Tyler Wright: there's about 15 days left.

Cheng Wang: because the fees are used to pay for their service essentially.

Tyler Wright: So time is winding down to participate in the hackathon with over 200,000 prizes in UST given out an akt Of again,â€¦

Cheng Wang: And yeah, so the service as well as the bounties that are given out to just all the hack on winners so that â€¦

Tyler Wright: please feel free to get involved.

Cheng Wang: essentially the proceeds andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Does anybody want to talk about the hackathon orâ€¦

Cheng Wang: commissions other that they would collect go to operating running, â€¦

Tyler Wright: did anyone have any questions about the hackathon before we continue onward?

Cheng Wang: their entire apparatus in addition to the winnings the prizes that get old out.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So the purpose included in those piece, right?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Robert.

Cheng Wang: That's right. Everything prizes as well as just kind of running their operations. the cost it takes to run the operation. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: It got it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: No, appreciate that question And again, that's certainly something that's being monitored front of mine. But it's Cheng mentioned. Yeah, all everything in terms of rewards and all that kind of stuff comes from those 100% fees. cool Go ahead Andrew.

Cheng Wang: If there's any jail that it should be definitely cleaned up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andrew. I'll follow up with you offline about that.

Tyler Wright: cool Robert I know that you wanted to spend a little bit of time giving an update on zealy. So I will hand it back to you to talk about the developer onboarding programs Robert love to hear an update.

Robert Del Rey: Cured that are and be super happy to give you guys a quick update about the developer onboarding campaign on Sealy yesterday a sprint number three started. This is the third and last spring of this campaign as we requested in the proposal and yeah, I just wanted to show you some quick as stats let you know about the New Missions offerings and what's gonna happen next we're gonna continue or we're gonna disregard this all together. So we're gonna find out if you don't mind I will go ahead and share my screen real quick.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Of course.

Robert Del Rey: Yes, it's just if you don't mind, thanks, one sec. Okay, let me know if you can see it. Awesome. So let's start with the stats.

Tyler Wright: Yes, we can.

Robert Del Rey: This is the last three months. I will start saying that we have learned. A lot about Seeley about the community about the submissions and specially Seeley these tool. So the first thing I want you to see is that in the last three months we have been able to onboard. Are 211 new members that does an account the members that came from the first pilot that we did on December and November December. So yeah, the first two sprints we have.

Robert Del Rey: 211 members so far you can see here on top. these are the quest that people have claim. Some of them are paid. Some of them are on paid so Just wanted to let you know that here in this graphic. You can see the amount of members. We got over time the highest Bull Run. I don't know how to say it was when we started the first Sprint on March. We got a hundred members right away and then slowly but surely we've been able to keep growing I just wanted to share Yeah, we're gonna continue. This is the third month. but what I wanted to share here with you guys is

Robert Del Rey: not issues, but some challenges that Benji and I are facing and hopefully you can let us know your feedback or what you think about this. So the first one is The retention of the members. over 200 people 300 members sounds really cool. But how we retain those members. It's the question that's on my mind almost every day. I catch up on this course I send messages.

Robert Del Rey: Sometimes some Twitter Sometimes some Thank you Andrew for your support on Telegram. but Initially, I thought it was gonna be a little bit easier to redirect good talent from here to other groups in a cash. So if you have an idea or maybe some cool Dynamic that we can do to recruit people from Seeley and make sure they do other things on a cash. Let me know some missions we have done are about being a provider on a loy persistent storage on a cache.

Robert Del Rey: And some other missions those two are paid but that I'm gonna mention now are not paid. One is about making people go to GitHub and open up a discussion. that mission it's on paid, but we just want to Teach people. How is the process whether it's a listing proposal or just a marketing collaboration? There is a process that needs to be followed. So we made that mission about taking it to GitHub. That's the name of the mission. I miss if I can show you to your real quick. That's one.

Robert Del Rey: It's Another one that it's on paid. It's the Akash Bounty space. We have a channel on this core which is been Super Active. That's amazing. But Benji and I decided to do this as a mission so people can go into here. And see a little context why we're doing this and where they need to go to make this happen. This The one for the bounties is here. Did you say I can't bounties? So yeah people can go here click on the link and see what is in it for them through silly because I know that I noticed that there are some people that are members on Sealy.

Robert Del Rey: But they're not very active on this core so they might not see when we post something on a cache Discord that is unrelated to silly so through City. They can see more things in case they are not on Discord. I've seen some members that ask question and they're super new they started animation and then they join a cash GitHub. then they join a cache the score to ask their questions. something to think about the last of the missions that is on paid. I believe Zach is gonna like this one. It's Join, the newsletter subscriber here is the type of form for a cash. So if people want to subscribe to the newsletter

00:35:00

Robert Del Rey: They can do it from here. They click on that and Seeley lets me know if people do it and I believe Zach can see if people sign up to that newsletter. These three missions are on paid and we believe it's gonna bring some.

Robert Del Rey: Different flavors, I guess because we only had paid missions in the past. So during the first month we had lots of tractions because we had more missions but on the second month, we had lower engagement I believe because we try to do harder missions and people were expecting easier missions. So we didn't get much engagement on month number two. So on month number three, we're kind of doing a combination between harder missions and on paid missions. So, let's see how that goes. So, yeah. you saw that you saw the stats then analytics My concern is about retention I know and I already told you about what we're gonna do next.

Robert Del Rey: In regards on this current campaign if we're gonna continue or not. I'm waiting on till these Sprint ends and Banking and I are gonna have a talk and we're gonna decide if we're gonna continue In the meantime, I'm already speaking with the guys from Galaxy Galaxy. It's another tools similar to silly. However, they're offering is a bit more robust. They offer more ways to create missions and their analytics. Also it's ghosts deeper. This is what I have besides this. I have the missions that people do and the countries where people are coming from which is it's okay, but I wanted more information.

Robert Del Rey: so yeah, let's see what galaxy offers and in any case what we do anything we're gonna open up a discussion on GitHub and we're gonna share the links and hopefully you can guys join the discussion and let us know what you think. So maybe I said more that I thought I was gonna set but let me know you have any questions concerned regrets or any comments. Overall. You want to share with me?

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Robert. All Right Moving On

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the community and marketing initiatives that anybody wants to discuss?

Tyler Wright: They're actually two things. I'll move these up. There was some planning issue yesterday, but around proposal 242 creating an automated auditor with open source. I know that the pi 3 team led by Benji has been working on this they gave an update an hour ago. And I think we'll reschedule a meeting for next week where they can demo. So again, feel free to track what's going on there. And then I know that joao Luna just joined the call Luna discussion a little bit about donating the terraform provider to the cost Network, which will include a transfer of ownership to the Akash Network organization so much appreciate Luna for that. We'll have a discussion at the main upgrade happens where again a member of the core team. We'll just connect with Luna to transfer some keys. But again,

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate Luna for doing that and I'll add that to the board that's tracked in the community issues. I'll make sure it gets added to the sports of folks can track it. But is there anything else on this board in progress up next or otherwise anybody wants to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: We'll do. I saw your message. I'll move it to the product board.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else on the projects list, then we can continue on with The next part of the agenda is around discussions.

Tyler Wright: So again, the GitHub discussions is a place where folks can suggest ideas to talk about things that they want.

Tyler Wright: Potentially community pool funding for that they want to put on up for a governance proposal or again just general conversations. So what we try to do is we try to gauge discussions that we'll talk about during steering committee around those that are here and those discussions that are getting a lot of traction. I would ask again that anybody that has any thoughts or concerns or questions about any of these items can leave comments in the discussion can upvote but just get involved so that again as we head towards the steering committee's or as we're tracking these things add them to potential roadmap. We're getting Community feedback and Community thought so that would be terrific. I saw that

Tyler Wright: There was potentially a couple of discussions I wanted to talk about today. I know that there was a member. From the doubtout team that joins Sig economics yesterday and gave a really good update on all the work that they're doing over at Dao down how they would like to work more closely with the cash. He started General discussion with no necessarily called action, but just again discussion for people to get involved in in terms of about down just potential opportunities. So feel free to get involved in that discussion. I know he was here at the beginning in the meeting has been getting more involved in six and working groups. So again, please feel free to get involved in that discussion.

Tyler Wright: Another discussion that I will just talk about real quick is I know that piyush and the human HQ team have been working with the netted out team to develop a streamline and more automated pipeline for deploying applications and they want to do this on cloudmose or console.

Tyler Wright: This is something that they've been working very closely with the Anil and the Max's on they have recently dropped in a link to a PR that they've dropped into and they shared that did a demo at the most recent sick client that has something that's going to be added to awesome Akash that makes it easier for people to doctorize and maintain images that's phase one at this plan. I would ask that anybody at once that gets merged. I asked that folks from the community start to mess around with where they see anybody in the community that is looking to deploy on Akash, but doesn't understand the containerization or the docker piece. They can point them in a direction of that sdl and get folks and from the community interacting with it and then getting them involved in this discussion.

Tyler Wright: but is there anything that you want to add there? I know we're just talking about this and I'll make sure that gets added to the product and Engineering roadmap as well.

Tyler Wright: oops

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much Anil.

Tyler Wright: I want to make sure again we take time for any discussions that have happened since the last meeting that again are getting a lot of attention. Is there anybody here that wants it to talk about a discussion that they brought forth and they want to hear from the steering committee on

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then again, I'll continue to ask people on this call and people listen to this recording later to get involved in these discussions again make your voice heard of something doesn't make sense. That's all right to say that as well because it doesn't push forward the goals of again the cash network. But again, please please feel free to get involved. Especially if you have strong views on any of these items.

Tyler Wright: Cool, if there's no further discussion that anybody wants to have around any of the open discussions, then we can move on to the last part of the agenda around which is an open discussion. Is there anything that anybody wants to talk about and in front of the steering committee right now or in front of the community?

Tyler Wright: It's a good question. I know that we have a semi-formal program. I can follow up Andrew with details offline in terms of operational plan forâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Again, I know there's been a lot going on this week with the provider upgrades as well so much appreciated again everybody in the community for staying involved in discussions for being attentive up for updating andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: where you push people what we've historically have had to do is when somebody submits a bug we will have to bet it and in many more cases than not the thing that they are proposing is not actually a bugâ€¦

Tyler Wright: upgrading their nodes andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: their again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I will follow up with a operational procedure over the next 24 hours so that we can at least push people in a Direction.

Tyler Wright: they're providers if they have them. Please feel free to stay in tune between meetings by looking at the various roadmaps leaving questions comments Etc,â€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: please if anybody wants to get more involved in the core code base, there's a six support weekly that happens where again members of the core team triage any issues of waiting triage and then we discuss any open support tickets. So if you have questions about an open issue, or if you want to get involved involving an open issue, feel free Andrew. I see your hand up. So feel free to speak. Awesome, are there any other questions or discussions that anybody wants to talk about related to Akash at this time?

Tyler Wright: again, please feel free to get involved in some of the working groups some of the special interest groups happening over the next month again. Look out in Discord and Elsewhere for more announcements related to the network provider upgrade and next steps there again, appreciate all the work from members of the core team validators providers everybody in the community for continuing to stay in sync and again continuing to work together. So got people representing and passionate about a cost on all continents all over the world. And so it's great to see again folks stay connected and Akash continuing to grow. So appreciate everybody's time and energy today again. I'll follow up with notes trance the transcript and the recording a very soon and draw a follow up with you on that operational plan for those that

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thanks guys.

Tyler Wright: Say they have bugs andâ€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye. Have a nice day.

Tyler Wright: then we'll just continue to stay connected between meetings.

Cheng Wang: Thank everyone. Thanks.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks guys. Stay safe everybody. Bye.

Tyler Wright: And again, feel free to look at their network website under the development tab in the calendar to stay up to date on all cigs and working group meetings, and please feel free to join. Can I hope everyone has a great rest of their day? Thank you to all that gave updates today and will continue to stay linked up on Discord Telegram and elsewhere but much appreciate everybody. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day.

Meeting ended after 00:51:21 ðŸ‘‹


