
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #16

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, June 06th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://capv32vqn7vrb5u3qvsjn3n6y6swnjkba32ukvydflmqqhrxbswa.arweave.net/EB9d6rBv6xD2m4Vklu2-x6VmpUEG9UVXAyrZCB43DKw)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants




# Meeting Notes:

* Tyler talked about the change in schedule for the Steering Committee over the next months
* Tyler went through the agenda for the meetings. The agenda can be found on the Steering Committee readme. 

 
### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)




#### [Community and Marketing](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6):




### Github Discussions:


### Action Items:




# **Transcript**
