
# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #16

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, June 6th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://capv32vqn7vrb5u3qvsjn3n6y6swnjkba32ukvydflmqqhrxbswa.arweave.net/EB9d6rBv6xD2m4Vklu2-x6VmpUEG9UVXAyrZCB43DKw)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Bold Panther
- Deval Patel
- Dominikus Brian
- Hiroyuki Kumazawa
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Joe
- Julius Haus
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zeke E


# Meeting Notes:

* Tyler talked about the change in schedule for the Steering Committee over the next months
* Tyler went through the agenda for the meetings. The agenda can be found on the Steering Committee readme. 

 
### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

- Tyler talked at a high level about the Mainnet 12 Upgrade.
- Artur shared some details around the Mainnet 12 upgrade including unlock of the fee grant module that will fully enable functionality.
- There are no API or state changes.
- Artur talked about transition to Cosmos SDK 47. This is a big item, with many steps. The core engineering team discussed plans and roadmap.
- Artur talked about the Akash SDK, which will be coming in the future. There will be documentation changes to improve process around Akash API, including examples. The new SDK will be defined in multiple steps, after Cosmos SDK 47.
- Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade is planned for end of summer or early fall. There will be many updates coming over the summer. Please come to sig-chain to learn more.
- Artur mentioned that the core engineering team is continuing to work on stability of the provider.
- Scott talked about the Provider Build improvements. Core engineering team have been testing new k3s provider build path. Feel free to test this new path, if you desire. Please join the providers discord channel for more information.
- Anil mentioned that the Console 2.0 effort is being kicked off. Cloudmos is rebranded to Console, and there are a number of features that are being worked on.
- Anil mentioned that the user experience for people to get started is a big focus.
- Anil mentioned that other focuses include a VM like experience for developers that are used to that experience. 
- Anil talked about the HoomanHQ team which is working on the CI/CD solution for Console.
- Updates will happen in the sig-clients bi monthly meeting.
- Tyler talked about the wg-provider-audits meeting around the work from Piber Dev and his team for the automated auditor.
- Tyler also talked about the work from Mystic Labs around the metamask cosmokit integration.

#### [Community and Marketing](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6):

- Tyler reminded everyone that Adam Wozney, Head of Community, is out for paternity leave. Amanda will be leading efforts on the events side.
- Tyler and Zach talked about Akash Accelerate 2024 and Consensus 2024, which have happened since the last Akash Steering Committee meeting.
- 1400 signups for Akash Accelerate 2024. Over 400 people showed. There were great speakers and great connections made.
- Consensus 2024 was also a success. There were a lot of great connections. There were a number of side events at Consensus 2024.
- Tyler talked about the Hackathon as well. Results can be found here: https://dorahacks.io/hackathon/akashathon2/detail
- Rodri asked if there was any news on Brussels?
- Akash will have a large presence in Brussels. Akash is hosting a number of side events, and Greg will be speaking all over Brussels.
- Tyler talked about bounties highlighting documentation, website, and design as key areas for participation thus far.
- Robert gave a Zealy update. 


### Github Discussions:

- Tyler asked the Akash Community to get involved in discussions and make their voices heard.


### Open Discussion

- Domi asked about some of the longer term goals for Console 2.0.

### Action Items:

- Follow up around Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade plan.
- Continue prep for events in Brussels. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the steering committee monthly meeting. It's June 6 2024 Usually the steering committee monthly meetings are at the end of each month, but with so much going on in terms of events. Again. The last two have been pushed out to the beginning of the following month. For those that are trying to track all things related to the steering committee again the notes and the transcripts and the recordings can be found in GitHub inside the community repo with specific links relative to each meeting. You can also find the agenda or again the steering committee, which we will go through here today.

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any specific items that they want to add to the open discussions at the end of the agenda again, feel free to drop those in chat. If anybody wants to talk about a discussion that they've brought forth in the GitHub discussions again, feel free to drop that GitHub discussion in chat as well so that we can make sure that we touch on it.

Tyler Wright: cool Her usual, we always start off the agenda trying to see if there's any review discussion or do we want to address anything Community feedback Credence to grievances or conflicts related to the cigs and working group structure. Does anybody from the community on this call have anything related to cigs or working groups that they want to discuss here today?

Tyler Wright: Real quick for me, and I've already started to address this with some of the cigs and working groups.

Tyler Wright: Because of participation in some cigs being very small and updates kind of being the same month over month. one of the things that I've been thinking about with other members of overclock and other members of the community is a slight restructure to the states and working groups. They've been very successful over the Inception purse for bringing people together for transparency across ideas that members of the core team are working on as well as project members of the community are working on but again from a Cadence standpoint. We are going to change a Cadence of some states and working groups and there might also be a merger of some things and working groups. So again, look out for messages in Discord, if anybody wants to get involved in a specific working group and needs more information, feel free to reach out to myself or just again, there's an entire section in the Cosh Discord where a lot of conversations

Tyler Wright: ongoing

Tyler Wright: So again, look out for announcements there. The one thing I'll always remind folks of is if anybody is looking for information on timing for cigs and working groups. The best source of Truth is always the website where again on the calendars page. There is a Akash Network Community groups kind of a calendar section and you can track all the specific events that are happening across six and working groups as items move again announcements will be made in specific channels. But again, that's a great source of Truth for anybody that's looking to get involved. It's there to date on all things special description working groups. Anyone have any questions on that before I continue on with the rest of the steering committee agenda?

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate all those that have attended and contributed to discussions and get involved. So again, it goes a long way in keeping folks within the core team other teams that are building on top of a cost Network in just a general Community aligned on, goals missions projects Etc so much appreciate all those that watch the videos read the transcripts. Look at the notes attend the meeting Etc.

Tyler Wright: All right moving on the next item that gets worked on. I guess just discussed during these meetings is the projects list inside the Akash Network organization and projects. There's two projects boards one for product and Engineering which has a roadmap across again. All things being worked on by the overclock product team as well as overclock engineering team and other members of the community that have community pool support or just generally working on things that get added to that board as well as the Akash community and marketing initiative sport. So as we normally do I'm going to because I want to spend a little more time talking about all the community and marketing initiatives. We can start off with the product and Engineering roadmap to begin with one big item that I will touch on before.

Tyler Wright: I handed over to Archer is around the main net 12 upgrade as many of that are active participants in voters. there's a proposal rather on chain for Mania twelve upgrade. I let Archer discuss a little bit more about what that upgrade entails.

Artur Troian: To Cosmos sdk47.

Tyler Wright: But if you have the ability to vote andâ€¦

Artur Troian: So this is quite substantial change as well as pretty big item in terms of work that needs to be done here team has mats two weeks ago to discussion plansâ€¦

Tyler Wright: haven't yet, please do vote again. I'll drop the proposal in chat. I'll pass it over to Artur. Scott's to if they want to talk a little bit about the main Network upgrade and where things are today.

Artur Troian: what we're gonna do how you're gonna do and

Artur Troian: roadmap to this part and we have a couple items that we're still cleaning up and we should be able to update all the issue. I think the support to four about all through the work that needs to be done. But summarize it. First of all you have the entire stack to the Social Security bring us quite a few nice features like that was proposals and so forth. It brings the ABC to most updated versions and believe seven, but the biggest change from perspective World Akash is we are transitioning to allow more developers ease of use of the eye which

Artur Troian: One word is we are trying to create I know many people don't like this abbreviation by SDK. So right now imagine a cost to cars from third-party services is a little bit hard due to documentation is I would say

Artur Troian: Creators focused I mean core team instead of developers focused. so what we are doing the stage is

Artur Troian: identifying what are the complex entry points into a cautious Decay and how we can fix them and then we're gonna buy the presentation a lot of that. So we're not saying the documentation is going to be changed significantly, but we are just, construction needs making sure that all the aspects of the API are covered document as well have examples and so forth. They're not a big items related to that is we are switching to vanity URLs for going modules. So for example, actually Pi report reminds their GitHub, but actual go more goes gonna be having different names purchase dedicated to mind for that and it's all been already working and you can track all the progress related to this particular transition in support issue.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: the SDK for too much I would say. The stage of development of that is going to be defined in multiple Steps step. Number one is as soon as we wrap all the requirements up and have put above generation migrated to the cosmos SDK for seven. You're gonna talk to a couple clients that use API and

Artur Troian: Ask for their feedback as soon as we get that then we transition to upgrades actual blockchain codebase or the responsnet and let everyone tested. Did you take a few weeks maybe a month? And as soon as we got all the Box make sure that the actual upgrade is fine and the API is stable. You're gonna upgrade sandbox, let it tests one more time and then move one to prepare for the actual minute. I'm great. So that's because multiplication migration as a main ad is going to happen. No earlier than end of the summer maybe even actually

Artur Troian: Autumn time so it's still trying to figure out when but as this entire task is quite complicated. It's really hard to do some predictions on when we gonna do our clone. Right as this is going to be massive State migration. We need to develop your guidelines for especially validators to make sure that they are prepared in terms of Hardware. So the size of the ramp for example is really crucial for this before think. We gonna try to keep you updated on the actual steps and the milestones in regards of this transition. Hopefully next couple weeks. We wrap everything up and the next six chain will be able to move on.

Artur Troian: I think it's from the location perspective and the provider side is you continue to work on which machine pro instantility of the provider and making sure that it is ready for SDK immigration as well. As the immigration brings quite a lot of API changes obviously affects provider as well as the manufact parts. So that means you're gonna have to have implemented migration for the provider side as well. And we don't have clear definition of that yet. We will be Taking this to action as soon as we please. Look at freeze on the SDK any questions

Artur Troian: Right Tyler back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Archer. And again, I think that's a great shout out to all those that are looking to get more involved and understanding, the migration to a customer specific k47 or however that route continues to evolve. Please feel free to join the same chain meetings are a couple of new folks from other Cosmos projects that again are getting involved trying to understand and trying to support so if anybody wants to help with testing wants to help with ideation again, feel free to drop a message in Sig chain, that'll be the main focus of those discussions around again, making sure validators are tuned up and making sure that the migration is properly tested. So if you want to be involved in that process Sig chain, it's a place to get involved as we look forward in the next couple of months. So look out for updates there.

Tyler Wright: Again, I know Artur just touched on and we've been touching on this both in sick providers in a previous steering committee readings around all the work that Scott Jigger Deval Andrea andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: yeah, and so for anyone that's not familiar we came up with as Tyler alluded to some build scripts that can take the Akash provider Bill process from a matter of a two-hour build down to a 10 to 15 minute build andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: others are doing around provider build process and supporting the testing. There's also been members of the community both here on the call seek providers andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: that includes evenâ€¦

Tyler Wright: elsewhere that have also been testing this new provider Bill process Scott.

Scott Carruthers: if you're have a GPU provider with a GPU driver installsâ€¦

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Don't feel oblige.

Scott Carruthers: runtime environments andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: You could just thumbs upâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: all that is boiled down to a 10 orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if you want but is there anything specific that you want to call out?

Scott Carruthers: 15 minute process has been tested essentially by the core team as we Build providers andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: That might be an update on all things provided build processes still in testing?

Scott Carruthers: clusters for code testing. So it's very well tested and now the Prater team jigarh and Deval have been testing. Thoroughly as well. So we're now in the stage of testing, durability of ensuring the STD cluster and things like that remain stable and I key threes build. So this is using these build scripts use k3's instead of our traditional Cube spray AIDS methodology. So yeah, we definitely encourage the community to engage in testing and let us know if there's any features that you would like added or if you run into any issues.

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any questions, feel free to get active in the providers Channel as well as sick providers Channel where again a number of folks in the community are continuing to test and again as announcements. I'm getting made about Creator again. Look out for the ecosystem Predator Channel and all the work that Jigger and Deval also the provided build process and then obviously all the work they're doing on the Predator tool.

Tyler Wright: Cool, that is a little bit of a natural segue. I don't want to call out all the things that the product team has been working on, but I did want to see if there's anything again the product team has done a great job.

Tyler Wright: The max is jigarette the ball and Neil arm and everybody else that's working on Everything console related row. There's other again members of the community as well. I don't want to call out everybody Go ahead and Neil.

Anil Murty: yeah, so the big thing that people need to be aware of is that We're kicking offâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but it's a big team of folks that are consistently working on Console a number of other efforts andâ€¦

Anil Murty: what we're calling essentially the console 2.0.

Tyler Wright: have been doing a great job of sharing some of those updates andâ€¦

Anil Murty: Effort and roadmap. So what that is is basically Cloud Moses obviously now rebranded to console.

Tyler Wright: sharing some of the backlog and adding to the roadmap. I just want to see if there's anything that anybody wanted to call out that is currently working on product.

Anil Murty: And there's a bunch of significant initiatives that we're going forward to summarize it broadly around.

Tyler Wright: Obviously again, people can stay up to date on all things product and the road map here, but I just want to seeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if anybody from Max orâ€¦

Anil Murty: Improve orâ€¦

Anil Murty: reducing fiction the people getting started on Console.

Tyler Wright: anybody else want to call it anything specifically here today.

Anil Murty: So that includes eliminating the need for orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Do not feel a blastâ€¦

Anil Murty: giving people the option to use credit cards instead of wallets will always be supportedâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if you don't want to.

Anil Murty: but offering the options credit cards alongside wallets is the second big initiatives around improving developer experience for people wanting to transition from using some other service to using Akash and that typically falls under sort of two or three buckets of developers so developers are coming from Traditional cloud services like gcp Azure and need a device.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, India. Again, if anybody has any questions, feel free to drop those in the Sig clients Discord channel marker calendars for the sick clients meeting. I think we change a Cadence of that to buy every other month. So again, feel free to mark your calendars and make sure you join this one where we're talking. I'm sure they'll be a lot of conversation about console 2.0 the roadmap in specifics and then again ways for other people to get involved. So look out for that coming soon.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of initiatives that are being worked on by folks in the community as well as by folks in the core team. I will call out to know Piper dev has been working on the automated auditor with open source tooling. There is a working group session for that on June 13th next Thursday, I believe. So again that's on the working that's on the Akash community group calendar. There's also another team Mystic Labs that previously was working on some Cosmo kit meta mask work on they got some community pool funding that team has been diligently letting folks in the community and letting folks from overclock know of their progress they are currently in testing right now and again once they're finished testing and they will get the rest of those funds but they have been again great stewards of those funds making sure that all the work is done and

Tyler Wright: live before claiming fun. So again, those are also being tracked as well. Is there anything else on the product and Engineering roadmap that anybody wants to discuss right here while we're alive?

Tyler Wright: cool If not, then we can jump ahead to the community and marketing initiatives. There's a number of things that I want to talk about and I'll pass it over to Zach and others to talk a little bit more detail. One thing. I will remind folks here on the call is Adam bossney who's ahead of community is?

Tyler Wright: That one more time. I'm sorry.

Tyler Wright: Yes, we'll talk about that actually in a brief second because that's actually in progress column if there's not an update here during the call because I don't think Amanda's here. She's traveling to some live events that are happening today in this upcoming weekend. We'll get an update soon. But before we jump into Brussels were ECC and a number of other events where we'll have a cash wrapper presentation set. I do want to go backâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Going on fraternity leave andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: since our last steering committee meeting Akash,â€¦

Tyler Wright: so he will be significantly less responsive than he normally is.

Tyler Wright: accelerate 2024 has happened as well as consensus 2024.

Tyler Wright: I think he's made announcements in Discord andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: We touch a little bit about consensus 2024 andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: other channels again to help with the vents Amanda who's been helping out significantly with the cost accelerate consensus andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: the State Community or inside our office hours. I do want to kick it over to Zach to talk a little bit about a costumeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: will continue to support events through the summer while Adam is out is going to be managing andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: because I know and again anybody else that was live there feel free to chime inâ€¦

Tyler Wright: owning those efforts in terms of community efforts.

Tyler Wright: but again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Again, the Insiders are doing such a great job of almost being self-sufficient. there was so much that went into cost accelerator. We're going to continue on with the inside our office hours and there'll be a collective effort between myself Zach Scott Scott both Scott's and many others on the overclock team to try to serve as the poorest version of Adam Watson. 24 and so I just want to highlight what's happened and where we are today. So ach. If you have a second feel free to talk about our cost accelerating consensus if you don't mind.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: 

00:25:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, of course. So just a quick update on how Akash accelerate went andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So again while he's gone,

Zach Horn: how consensus went because we did pull Community fundings for those things across accelerate was great.

Tyler Wright: if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to any one of us,

Zach Horn: I mean, it's our first event of that size that we posted,â€¦

Tyler Wright: but again, we'll look to keep

Zach Horn: with full production andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: You thriving while he's gone.

Zach Horn: promoting it to that degree.

Tyler Wright: And again if anybody has any thoughts orâ€¦

Zach Horn: We had hundreds of people show up.

Tyler Wright: questions about anything whether it be teacher events Etc.

Zach Horn: I mean, I think the total signups were about 1400 we had about 400 orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Feel free to reach up. Go ahead rodri.

Zach Horn: so that actually showed up roughly in that 25% plus range attendance. And overall, I mean it was great. there's a lot of learnings that go into these things and getting over the road bumps and putting everything together. But largely the consensus among everyone that was there. No pun intended on consensus is That it was really good. The connections were high quality. The turnout was excellent. I'm sure you guys saw some of the footage that we got from the speakers. Obviously, Eric Voorhees SRI Ram is a professor at UT Austin some really really high quality content came out of it. That's on the on the consensus side. we had the booth of the main venue. That was really great. We had the Insiders who were there, the folks from crador who know the overclock team. Lots of great connections there. I mean the Highlight in my mind from consensus was

Zach Horn: simply that we had this booth and we had people coming up to the booth. Lots of people wanted to connect and we could have a minute to walk people through the network and really engage on a deeper level. I thought that was excellent. We also did a number of side events, around consensus. That was run by Amanda for the large part. Those went really well too. So, I mean we hosted I think five or so for five around consensus turn out for those was equally as quality as accelerate was so On the whole I would say it was a really excellent outing for us. Accelerate was excellent consensus was excellent the side events were So Really positive on the whole. I know there's a couple people on this call who were there as well. If you guys want to jump in What did you guys think? I know Anil was there? You want to jump in quickly?

Zach Horn: And if not, no worries.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, as I was I was there myself andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think one thing besides obviously meeting members to the core members of the community that I hadn't met in real life but have been working with for so long was great. But again the venue and there were three venues total for a Kash accelerate all three were filled up at one point, and again it was great to see so many people in real life that took time out of their day to make sure that they were at the Cox accelerated event again consensus was great. I was only there for half of a day but on the Cox accelerated front so many people knew about it. There's some engaged with so many people that are looking to build on top of it and it's just great to connect with them in person because then you can see the excitement in their eye and you can pass some resources and you have a direct line to them which sometimes they've lost when folks are just in Discord and maybe too shy to ask

Tyler Wright: Specific questions, but again, I think there's going to be a lot of positives that come out to a cost accelerating consensus very similar to what's happened out of eat them for some of the other more recent events.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Zach again. I'm sure there will be a number of follow-up pieces of the content. I know that Dennis's not here at this meeting. I don't think because he's not allowed to go outside until he does some initial edits Robert we might be calling upon you to help support that as well. But again, there will be a lot of content that comes out of a classic celebrate as well as consensus both from the community members of the core team as well as the AV teams that was tasked with working on it. So look out for more content and follow coming soon.

Tyler Wright: And I do want to shout out all the people that attended and hosted watch parties broadcast accelerate for the live stream. I know there was watch parties. I think all over the world, which is really exciting to see and just witness so major shout out to all the people that hosted and attended those events. And again as we can continue to push as many of those people into Discord and then into various conversations with insiders vanguards and members of the core team to get folks contributing as quickly as possible. It's just gonna further improve and improve the community. So shout out to all

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: All Next up is the akashathon one thing that has happened. I believe the cash packathon happened ended on. May 17th judging took place there was a demo where again a bunch of participants that wanted to show off their work. We're able to Showcase it live to the judges.

Tyler Wright: winners have been chosen and have been paid out. I'll drop in the link to the results in the track for people but I can't speak very much for Adam but speaking for myself again. I know there was a number of folks that have reached out to me about wanting to participate in this hackathon leading up to the last few days. It didn't seem like there were that many entries but it was very exciting to see so many different teams in individuals working on projects if anybody here was working on anything for the cops upon and wants to talk about next that's how they move forward again. Feel free to reach out to me but there were so many interesting hackathon projects again, feel free to look at the Biddle and look at door hacks to learn a little bit more about some of the projects. I know some people are continuing to develop those products even after the hackathon but again major,

Tyler Wright: Out to all those that were involved in managing the meetups and events during the hackathon shout out Robert. I know who was also doing that both that got judges. Thank you to all the judges that quickly turned around looking at all the hackathon projects. But again, I think there was a number of interesting projects and there's a lot to look forward to as we continue to move forward. So just want to shout that out real fast.

Tyler Wright: All right, continuing to move along Roger kind of alluded to it. One of the big events. Next up on the calendar is happening ECC and Brussels believe there's a number of side events that are also going to be happening Greg. I think as a number of speaking opportunities laws out there and their class network will do be doing a number of side events and hosting some of the other supporting events that are going on there if anybody wants to get involved in attending whether it's inside or otherwise again, there is a form in inside of his Discord channel for those that may want to attend live those decisions will be made over the next couple of days. Okay, perfect.

Tyler Wright: One thing that again out I'll call out is a number of bounties. We try to put as many of these Bounties in the bounty hunters areas possible,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I think that was just talked about and inside our office hours. But again,

Tyler Wright: but you can see some of these in progress tasks that are being worked on by members of the community and Ben's happeningâ€¦

Tyler Wright: there will be a significant more information following around all

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: happeningâ€¦

Tyler Wright: members of the core team around against Sig documentation happening in Brussels for ECC andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: documentation and some of these other projects that there are some Community Support rewards for those that want to participate happening some of those other Summits that are happening in that area around the same week. I don't have any more details right now. Amanda will provide some more information when she lands I think later today or tomorrow, but just that may not be a good enough to answer for your question Roger. Do you have anything specific that you want to know at this time or is anything that I can pass on to Amanda to make sure she adds in her update? So again, if anybody's looking for a way to participate, please look at the bounty Look at these project boards, feel free to leave a comment under specific issues. And then again join a cigar working group where you can talk live to the team get to know some other folks that are working on things and we can go from there.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the community or marketing initiatives board that anybody wants to discuss here live today?

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Hi everybody. I'm gonna be a little short. I'm feeling a bit under the weather today. I don't know what happened. But The silly campaign was officially over on June 1st. When you and I reviewed the submissions and we are right now in the process of Distributing the rewards. I also shared yesterday. Some summer stats about the project like how many unique users we got how many submissions? and other stuff

Robert Del Rey: so by tomorrow we should publish the whole ceiling recap so you can have more data about the Deep if we made our goal if we reach our budget Target and what's the future gonna look like from this campaign? So yeah, expect the post tomorrow and next week actually I wanted to tell you that if it's possible to call off the call for next week, Benji, and I agreed that During the discussion period maybe we can chat in the telegram Channel, but it's not necessarily to join in a biopical at least four for one month.

Robert Del Rey: and yeah, that's what I want to say about the hackathon. I didn't shining in these about that the hackathon and that we are waiting for Dora hacks to complete some of the payments. Or I also took delivered to arrange a call with George from Dora so we can seek about how the hackathon end. And what are the next step after this? So that's my updates. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Robert. besides throwing those updates and Discord, if you could drop updates around zeely in this marketing ticket number 29 and an updates around the akashathon in community ticket number four 66 that would be greatly appreciated just for transparency across the organization. So that would be again much appreciated and thank you for all the work that you do.

Tyler Wright: All Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss discuss related to community and marketing initiatives? Again, take a look at this board in your free time to get updates. I'm sure there will be a number of more updates coming soon from Amanda and other members of the team.

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else then again continuing on with the agenda at this point. We're at the part of the agenda. where we review any new GitHub discussions because there are a number of GitHub discussions. We want to make sure that there's a proper vetting process. We've discussed this every month at this point. We do want to ask that anybody that's made discussion and wants to talk about in more detail and is here, please feel free to raise your hand again a number of these discussions. Had come up and GitHub or a student have come up in special interest groups and working groups. We asked that the owner of discussions do their best to try to get folks from the community to participate. But again, there are

Tyler Wright: not that many new discussions that we are having already. Talked about in some detail. I believe bold Panther is here.

Tyler Wright: No, he's not here. Are there any discussions that anybody wants to bring up with this group here today?

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Anil.

Tyler Wright: Robert thank you Anil again. If anybody wants to track the conversations, there's a final proposal that again will get updated as just mentioned by a nail. There's a draft proposal that start off these conversations as well. As a number of Sig clients meetings that you can watch recordings to see demos. There's also a version in awesome It's like a scaled down version and a company blog that should be out soon for folks that one easier way to doctorize some of their stuff. But yeah again, there are more discussions in the draft proposal comments. So again, feel free to look at this train proposals and get up to speed and all think the human HQ game has been talking about and doing with the core product team over the last couple of months.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right, are there any other discussions that anybody wants to bring up right now?

Tyler Wright: Again, I ask that anybody on this call get please feel free to get involved in discussions make your thoughts andâ€¦

Dominikus Brian: All Thank you. Tyler. Have fun questions about this console 2.0.

Tyler Wright: opinions here andâ€¦

Dominikus Brian: So originally in the product strategy oracas,â€¦

Tyler Wright: feel free to ask any questions. I'm sure there's many people in the community that have the same sort of questions,â€¦

Dominikus Brian: I saw there is this idea of having HPC kind of environment.

Tyler Wright: but may not have the time or maybe two uncomfortable to ask.

Dominikus Brian: Onto akas.

Tyler Wright: So it does a great deal good to again speak up.

Dominikus Brian: Will that be something still Beyond? far ahead orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead dummy.

Dominikus Brian: consult 0.0 will start, toward the direction something like work manager like slurm or other stuff. it's what we usually use in the high performance Computing environment. Will that be a In the console 2.0 maybe at the end of it or something like that. Yeah, that's the question.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Dummy, go ahead and

Anil Murty: Yeah, I can take that one hit only so that's a great question.

Dominikus Brian: Yeah.

Anil Murty: So we haven't gotten as far as looking into slurm specifically but console 2.0 at least initial goals are like I said before is to privately solve the friction around onboarding crypto as well as non crypto users that are not native to Cosmos so solving The wallet in token problem as well as the developer experience problem for somebody coming from AWS or versatile products today. the only thing we've done really from if you want to call it HPC perspective is Adding support for deploying rate clusters to So there's a blog post for that as well as a template for it. We will look to build something that is more.

Anil Murty: Native or custom for Rey in the future. I'm talking with the developer that actually worked on that initial template. But if you have ideas around what we can do with learn. I would love to discuss those with you or if you want we can start a discussion on the discussion board as well. I think it's a great idea.

Dominikus Brian: Thank So in my view, perhaps will come a bit later. But for a time being I'll try to explore what there is this a kubernetes are pretty good enough. I mean for you have a worker note must not and things like that, but for heavier job, there will be tough because you need to keep shuffling information here and there and it's not good, but I'll try first and when will

Dominikus Brian: I mean the kind of things that doesn't work in this current environment and let's see whether things can be improved later on. But for now, I think this planning for this console 2.0 is exciting one more question before we end perhaps is whether in the 2.0 fashion will still pretty much stuck with Docker or is there other options that you can deploy directly bypassing the need of having a instance public docker.

00:45:00

Anil Murty: Yeah, I can take that one as So yes for now. We'll just stick with Docker we have in the past at some discussions around the idea of micro VMS, but that doesn't progress very far. If you have some thoughts again around that happy to have a discussion about it as well. But now just Docker and what we're trying to do is one of the issues you'll see in the product roadmap is trying to give people experience but with Docker containers by essentially. Taking their public SSH Keys including them in the docker image and then letting them SSH into it, but there's no plans to actually get micro VMS in the near-term world map. And part of the reason is because we just have enough things just to solve from a basic, Reliability and redundancy perspective. So for example

Anil Murty: outside of the developer experience stuff that we talked about We also have to work on the provider side of things. So one of the things as part of console 2.0 is going to be the pretor team they will and jigar they're going to work on implementing a new front-end for greater and they're going to implement that inside console. and then once that is done, we're going to look at things like

Anil Murty: being able to select a backup provider that we can redeploy onto if the primary provider was down or the least closest for some reason. looking at pulling in data from automated audits that different team fiber Dev and Benjamin are working on things like that. So some more low-hanging fruits before we go and look at something like micro VMS. But again, if you have ideas or you spent more time researching that area you can certainly have a conversation about it.

Anil Murty: Yep, and appreciative bringing these up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Domi.

Tyler Wright: Last part of the agenda is around open discussion. Does anybody here on the call have any questions or anything? They want to discuss with the last nine minutes. We have a lot of for this call.

Tyler Wright: All right. One thing that I can briefly talk about is again just a quick look ahead. Obviously, we have the steering committee here today, which is usually at the end of the month, but again has been moved to the beginning a month the zealing meeting for next week will be removed. But as we look ahead there are a number of items to look forward to obviously Sig chain. we might be postponing this big chain because we just had a recent change where we talked about. Somebody's Network up great things. Look out for announcements there. That will be the same days the main net 12 upgrade as well as sick Community which will be talking about events and all things related to the community think support which we just have last week, but it was postponent week before which is probably a quick meeting during six support meetings the group gets together to look at all things that are awaiting triage.

Tyler Wright: For support repo is where all things related to the court code base are so again if anybody has want to get involved in understanding the core code base of The max is usually attend that event as well and anybody has anything related to console issues that they want to get involved in or need solving again. We discuss those during six support. A couple other call-outs again Anil mentioned what's going on sick clients of anybody wants to get involved in console 2.0 and learn a little bit more in-depth about what's going on there. Sick clients will be happening.

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: Big economics is another one that has been moved back because the number of stakeholders weren't available this past week, but there's a number of topics that have been shared in a number and there's great active discussion happening in the Sig economics Discord Channel and we'll look to have the most discussions and has some action items kind of that meeting on the 18. So if anybody cares about all economics, staking some of those discussions that you can kind of see in sick economics, feel free to get involved there and then again per usual we have sick providers again analytics, which is a buy monthly meeting and then the steering committee which will happen.

Tyler Wright: Off Thursday, June 27th. So there may be a couple more sessions that get added for a website working group and some other things. But again, feel free to get involved in a number of these signaling working groups where again we'll be going depth on number of things in real decisions are made and we look to get the community involved. There's committee support rewards in terms of akt available to those that are help that happen to get the time to help. So thank you to all those that are contributing already. Is there anything else that go ahead and deal?

Tyler Wright: excellent All right, we've come to the end of our agenda again. I'm opened up to General discussion from those here. I appreciate everybody joining here today to know there's been a number of meetings and we're coming off of Kash accelerating consensus. So it's been a very busy period again, if you are a validator slash at voting power, please vote on The Proposal on chain right now as he's Quorum and it did schedule this.

Tyler Wright: And with that being said the main net 12 upgrade is most likely going to be happening June 11th next Tuesday around 1600 UTC. So please mark your calendar so that we can again continue to have smooth upgraded validators or upgrade first, then we'll make announcements for exchanges and other providers to just upgrade their RPC node. But again, please mark your calendars for June 11th, especially if you're about data.

Tyler Wright: Again much appreciate everyone's time and energy today again,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, Tyler. Bye.

Tyler Wright: feel free to get involved in significant working groups between these monthly meetings. Look out for discussion to get involved in discussions and GitHub and will continue to get ready for the meeting upgrade as well as all the other things that we're working on so much appreciate everybody here on the call today everybody listening in and look at the notes later. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day and we will talk online soon as our good friend. Adam says see you in the metaverse. Have a good day everybody.

Meeting ended after 01:05:46 ðŸ‘‹

