# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #17

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, June 27th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://upv27tytyope2fseqvgnnre2au6nmmo65bs2c2fvuxtohsr5bpjq.arweave.net/o-uvzxPDnk0WRIVM1sSaBTzWMd7oZaFotaXm48o9C9M)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Allwyn Dk
- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Jeremy Schipper
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Joe D
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Poroburu
- Rodri R
- Samson Thomas
- Scott Carruthers
- Sriram Vishwanath
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


# Meeting Notes:

* Tyler talked about the change in schedule for the Steering Committee over the next months
* Tyler went through the agenda for the meetings. The agenda can be found on the Steering Committee readme. 

 
### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

- 


#### [Community and Marketing](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6):

- Tyler reminded everyone that Adam Wozney, Head of Community, is out for paternity leave. Amanda will be leading efforts on the events side.



### Github Discussions:

- Tyler asked the Akash Community to get involved in discussions and make their voices heard.


### Open Discussion



### Action Items:


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash steering committee. This is a 17th edition of the Akash monthly steering committee meeting during the steering committee. The group goes over many of the things that happen across the various six and working groups. There's a typical agenda that we go through starting with again reviewing discussion an addressing any Community feedback from there your View Community. We review some of the project boards, including the product and Engineering board as well as a community and marketing board following that we'll review any new GitHub discussions. Usually we try to focus on discussion from folks out to be there. Come to a previous meeting or are here here today to the discussion a little bit more detail.

Tyler Wright: After that, we'll open up the floor to any other questions. So if anybody has any questions that they want or any topics, they want to discuss today. Feel free to drop in the chat. I'll add them to the agenda during the open discussion portion and then we'll wrap up with just a look ahead at some of the special interest groups and working groups for the upcoming month. we recently had a steering committee at the top of this month because of all the action that happened around the cost accelerate and consensus 2024. So again, this is the second time we're meeting in June but there's certainly been a lot that's been going on this past month. Again, I'll start with the typical agenda. I want to see if there's anything on the community side relates to six working groups or just a committee instruction in general that anybody wants to get feedback on or talk about in more detail.

Tyler Wright: All If not, then we can move on to the second item on the agenda, which is around the project boards again previously last year. We were using project We've done a lot of the work around those projects lists, and now have these boards that get updated in Fairly real time again, you can track what's going on in terms of what's been released. What's in testing progress again, what's on the roadmap and Beyond both for the product and Engineering side of the org as well as what's going on in the community and marketing front as well.

Tyler Wright: couple things that I wanted to talk about, we'll start off with the product and Engineering roadmap. We can talk about this at a high level because there were a number of cigs and working groups that have happened over the last week during the Sig clients monthly meeting a Neil did a great job with the Maxes and some of the folks Jigger Deval to talk about all the stuff that's happening in console 2.0 and Neil gave a short presentation on some of the bigger efforts that are happening over the next couple of months. So again, I'll give Anil some time to talk about it if you want to later, but I would urge anybody when the notes are available in next day or so for sick clients to take a look there because again, it was a great meeting.

Tyler Wright: One of the big items that has happened since the last steering committee was the mainnet twelve upgrade. It was a success and happened very quickly much appreciate to all the validators that were online and again helps with the node upgrade Artur. Is there anything that you wanted to mention in terms of the upgrade here today? Don't feel a blast.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: All right, continuing to move along there's a couple of items that are in testing right now one is around and we talked about this at the last hearing committee monthly meetings Around The Meta mask work from the Mystic Labs team. Thank you to the Maxes who have been working to incorporate cosmokid into console for getting on a call with the Mystic Labs team. I believe the error that there's an issue a bug right now. That's a Cosmo kid bug that the Mystic Labs team is working through and again the product and engineering team is continuing to monitor that so we can get this Mystic Labs met a mask work over the line and get this into released. So again, there will be some more information over the next day or so, but just do want to shout out Max C and Max B for taking the time to connect with the Mystic Labs team get them everything that they needed in terms of environment set up. And again the Mystic Labs team should be delivering and solution.

Tyler Wright: On the metamask cosmo kit integration very very soon.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: When other item that I won't go into too much detail on is updated provider build we talked about this at length yesterday during the Sig providers meeting Jigger and Deval talked about some of the testing that they're going to do. If anybody has any questions about this issue again, you can look inside the notes. You can find out where the instructions are. If anybody from the community wants to continue to test you can track where some of the testing is going on and where that currently stands at this point. But again, this is something that in regards to just general providers stability and Improvement of the provider build process is something that Scott Carruthers has been working on with the rest of the engineering team and the product team to again do some testing and this as discussed in sick providers yesterday. We'll continue to be tested and then we'll look to be integrated into the work that the prey to our team is doing around.

Tyler Wright: So 2.0. So again, if anybody wants to go into more detail about the provider build improvements, feel free to comment on these specific issues or listen to the sick providers monthly meeting call the recording look at the notes and feel free to join as a future sick providers call if you so desire.

Tyler Wright: All right, covering both the stuff in testing and in release again during the Sig clients call yesterday and you'll gave an update on all the work that kind of see here related to consult 2.0. He just dropped an additional note that gives more clarity inside of the chat. So again, shout out to the product team that's been working diligently and being transparent about all the things that are being worked on where they stand Etc. And I know that more members of the just general Akash Community are getting involved andâ€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah, not a whole lot to act orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: supporting developing some of these features andâ€¦

Anil Murty: what we talked about in three clients yesterday, but just to summarize things there's kind of five initiators that we're pursuing in the near term under basically the console 2.0 umbrella andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: getting engaged with the products core team so major shout out there Anil or anybody else. Is there anything that you wanted to discuss in more detail that was discussed in Sid clients yesterday,â€¦

Anil Murty: keep in mind that these are just for the next, two to three months andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: there's a lot longer roadmap for console beyond that as well that we presented it accelerate Greg talk to a lot of that as well. But I dropped the link to four of those those are primarily focused around improving developer experience for people getting started with Akash, whether it's people coming from public clouds like AWS or people coming from platform as a service products like versaille or nicholify all of those types of users are going to be supported in much better within our caution within console. And then separately we're also going to work on a custodial experience for people that are not crypto native. So those are kind of the main things in terms of the developer experience and improving adoption of forecast site and then separate from all that. We are working on a provider console. So this will be a console for people that want to set up a provider.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much I think Anil also touched a touch on it and it was covered a lot during a classic accelerate but

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: there was a proposal around some work that the human HQ team will do to contribute to again console. Thank you to all those that contributed in discussions again human HQ team gave discussions at Sid clients. They had discussions on GitHub a pre-draft discussion to Gage interest from the community that seem to be interest. They then continue to connect with members of the core product team and say clients and other meetings to get more feedback on the best approach went through a number of cases. And then again when it made sense, they put a proposal on chain which pass so thank you to all the validators at voter all the proposal and then again, they'll start to integrate their work into all that's going on with console under again Neil's guide and so again much appreciate to all those that participated in any part of that process. And again, we'll provide more updates on all their work in future steering committee.

Tyler Wright: All right continuing to move along again. I know that during Sig chain as well as in the last steering committee Archer went into great detail about all the work that's happening on the engineering side regarding the upgrade to Cosmos 47. I know artur's been working with the rest of the engineering team on Next Step strategy roadmap for what again that upgrade will look like because it is a major event. The timeline is pending testing is scheduled for end of summer early fall, but please look out for future announcements whether it be through Sig chain or another special interest group. We're working group for folks that want to get involved in testing get involved and understanding the process how it will affect other parts of the Akashi ecosystem. So again, please take a listen.

Tyler Wright: to Sig chain the last steering committee to go in depth on all the stuff that Archer covered with related to the cosmos 47 upgrade and then again, look out for announcements whether it be on the website or in Discord about next steps there for those that want to get involved. There's an item on this board where you can also track what's going on there.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions on anything on the product and Engineering roadmap again, we discussed this in great detail a number of special interest group and working groups as of recently, but I do want to see if there's anything else that anybody on this call wants to discuss in more detail before we move on.

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then again next up is the community and marking initiatives one of the big things that I'll hand over the mic to Amanda Zach is around East CC there's a number of events going on in Brussels. So I want to hand over to Amanda who wasn't able to join the last year and committee, but I know that they're getting ready for all the events happening in Brussels. Amanda Zach do you want to spend a minute or so talking about what's coming up in Brussels and Beyond?

Tyler Wright: Thank you nda. Again as the Akash team touches down in Brussels, insiders members of the core team alike. I'm sure there will be a lot of content that gets created and shared out of that to look out for, updates there from folks. That'll be on the ground.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of other initiatives that are going on the community and marketing side. I wanted to see if there's anything that anybody wanted to discuss or had more questions regarding any Community or marketing initiatives.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Zach. And Neil I saw your hand up and I saw you drop a message in the chat. Do you want to speak to it? Or I know people can read.

Tyler Wright: And thank you very much while we're on the topic of flock. I will shamelessly plug a Blog written by Zach and a member of the flock team Matt Burke. That was just recently released So for anybody that has not seen that yet and wants to take a read again. Feel free.

Tyler Wright: Cool, is there anything else on the community or marketing projects board that anybody wants to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Amanda.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Amanda for that update. Anything else that anybody wants to discuss related to community or marketing initiatives or any of the project boards before we continue on with the agenda?

Tyler Wright: cool

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then next up on the agenda is discussions. Again. There's a number of discussions that are happening. I would ask anybody that here. I know there's a number of people and I talk about this all the time, please look to get involved in discussions when you can. I know there's a number of people that reach out to me and talk about their opinions on discussions. I would ask that you make those public so that folks can hear your opinions get involved give feedback Etc. So again, thank you to all those I get involved in this discussions. There's a couple that I want to touch on. I know that there's a new discussion that went in there and we will discuss that I believe the person that put that forth is here today, but quickly before we do that there was one prior discuss

Tyler Wright: And that participant has come to Sig economics a number of times and is just looking to connect and get some feedback from The Wider Community looking for that discussion right now. Pardon me. Perfect. But is Jeremy here? believe

Tyler Wright: cool Excellent Jeremy.

Jeremy Schipper: Yes, I am.

Tyler Wright: I know that you have come to sick economics on number of occasions and put this discussion forth. I believe April 10th. Do you want to take a minute to just go over the discussion and look for again called action from the community to give feedback?

00:20:00

Jeremy Schipper: Yeah, for Thank you Hi everyone. My name is Jeremy schipper. I'm coming over from shade protocol over on secret Network. Hope you're all doing well. I put up a proposal a while ago shade right now is going around to different really high quality Cosmos projects and seeing which community pools want to work with us. If any of you have read it essentially the entire idea is we would ask for proposal from your community pool and ours and we paired up on liquidity on our decks. Essentially we want to be able to expand a lot of people's specs liquidity for a lot of different teams. The biggest thing for Akash that we have seen based on feedback and a lot of the stuff that we do on secret network is the fact that all the transactions are private on secret Network. So essentially would allow for people to have

Jeremy Schipper: entire setups and acquire their Akito a KT tokens highly privately because of secret networks decc privacy technology. And we're very open to doing this essentially whenever and whatever size a lot of people have suggested 50 to $75,000 worth and we're just looking for more feedback essentially on that. So happy to discuss it with anyone.

Tyler Wright: Excellent again, if anybody has any specific questions or comments, I urge folks to get involved in discussions. But does anyone have any thing that they want to ask of Jeremy was here live with us today?

Greg Osuri: So this also means you got acquired shd tokens.

Jeremy Schipper: No, we would on Shd tokens from our community pool. And then you would do yours and then repair them against each other. So we would be on the other side of that and we're open to doing any sort of liquidity holding custody that you guys would suggest whether you have a liquidity Council trusted actors or just setting up a multi-date on speaker network, but we would be the other side of that pool.

Greg Osuri: We got to figure out the logistics of this is interesting to the community. I don't have any particular comments generally speaking. historically we haven't used Community for liquidity needs. there is challenges of that approach from a legal standpoint from decent relation or not. And also because it's purely liquidity. It's not really enhancing the value of the product per se they're challenges as well as to how to handle this, logistically. Those would be my concerns. I don't really have any other further or the comments on it.

Greg Osuri: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: But again, there's been consistent conversation happening in the Sig economics Discord Channel as well as in sick economics monthly meeting. So I believe the next one is in a couple weeks, but I asked that if anybody has any other questions concerns or what wants to move forward with this idea and discuss it more feel free to drop those opinions and thoughts inside the discussion, please thank you very much Jeremy.

Tyler Wright: Right continuing to move along again. I know that there is another discussion that is just submitted in the person that create that discussion is here. I wanted to see if sriram you want to talk a little bit about Russian in more detail.

Sriram Vishwanath: Yes. Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Hello everybody.

Greg Osuri: Before Shri Ramos. I want to give a little context for this proposal. So sriram is a professor at University, Texas. is a very well known and very much loved professor and he give a talk at accelerate which we just received very well by the community. And we also doing quite a lot of work and one of the big challenges for Akash to enable incentives is verification of compute. We all know what happens when you don't know how many of them paid attention to what's happening with several other networks where some networks took a very naive approach of not verifying actual compute the proviron and given incentive. So you guys civil attack, right? So verification is foundationally

Greg Osuri: Important aspect for giving out incentives especially in permissionless or trust minimized environment and we couldn't find a better person to work on than someone and sriramically is he's gonna incredible experience and his resume speaks So for himself, and we're really honored at Shri decided to make a proposal to work on this very high level computer for So great.

00:25:00

Sriram Vishwanath: Thank you Greg for that. It's very kind introduction. So folks. It's my pleasure to be here after having the opportunity to meet Greg in Anil in Cheng. I'm a big fan of not just that harsh but just the culture that you have. I think you have an amazing culture so very welcoming and open and I think how do I put this? I'm naturally very drawn to collaborating and working with you. So

Sriram Vishwanath: Quickly on this. I think the goal ultimately is to do both hardware and software verifiable Computing software is a longer course. especially real-time I think is a substantial effort. But I think the good news is on the hardware front we can get started right away. The proposal here is to use an external what's called a secular enclave and a dongle. So standard USB interface a or c to be able to build verifiable hardware provisioning and essentially manage both identification and secure provisioning. To quickly summarize the approach here through a secure Enclave which has something called a physically and clonable function or path. You must have seen this in a ledger wallet or any Slim. It's the same concept.

Sriram Vishwanath: you can actually both identify and check on the provisioning of particular a set of Hardware looking beautiful on one downloads enough for the whole cluster. We first plant to Select a set of Tes that would be compatible with the whole variety of operating systems and then to be able to build the mechanism and mechanism itself will be a pseudo random way of essentially making sure that the GPU is Benchmark correctly. So we'd give it a benchmarking task and if it matches the Benchmark for example RTX, 40 90 or similar, then it's currently identified as that particular type of hardware.

Sriram Vishwanath: And then this certification is then securely signed within the te. And then provided to the Akash Network. So that's the plan we plan to do this at the university project. So I'm the professor, but they'll be graduate students and some undergraduates as well. But mainly led by graduate students. In the plan is to kick the surface AP. So that's the good news is that we'll get to hopefully not just excited bunch of young minds that hopefully involve them at much deeper level within our Network.

Sriram Vishwanath: So the university is prepared a budget for it, which is also linked and the plan we'd like to do this as aggressively as possible. But we put down a two semester which is roughly for quarters plan here, but you'll see in terms of deliverables. We should be able to provide both the specification and a prototype pretty quickly and then hopefully, after sufficient testing we can handle this over to the a team perfect. So that's it in a nutshell. It's a very interesting project for me because both from a similar attack. And ultimately from a overall network security perspective, I think. It enables us to contribute to our cash Network, which makes me feel really good. So I'm looking forward to doing that.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much for putting together this very thorough Proposal with again deliverables budget team how you're looking to solve the problem. Does anybody have any initial questions that they want to talk to you about right now while we're all live.

Tyler Wright: If not again, I know this proposal just went up but I would ask that everybody continue to read through the entire proposal. They have any follow-up questions that can drop those in as comments in the proposal and then I'm sure we'll get back and forth using the proposal using this as a way to go back and forth on next steps from there.

00:30:00

Sriram Vishwanath: Perfect. thank you. for having me

Tyler Wright: And please thank you.

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's no questions on that proposal then again, we can go back to General discussions. I wanted to see if there's any other discussions from anybody that's here today that they want to talk about live.

Tyler Wright: All then we'll continue to move along again. I would ask that everybody here and all insiders vanguards can continue to get involved in discussions or ask those that are looking to contribute to a class to get involved in some of these discussions and make their voices All right continuing to move along. Next portion is around open discussion. I don't see anybody that dropped anything in chat, but I want to see if there's anybody that has anything that they wanted to discuss with the group here today live.

Tyler Wright: All right, I will take that as a no. All right, last portion is again the look forward.

Tyler Wright: As previously mentioned there will be some continued changes to the schedule for the cigs and the working groups coming soon. But as previously mentioned the Sig economics working Sega economics is going to be happening July 3rd, next Wednesday following that there's a couple of other that'll be happening the following week sick chain and sick Community again as mentioned there might be some changes to the structure of Sig chain the formation of potential another Sig that we talked about in six support which will involve more members of the core engineering team. So look out for updates on Discord and then again continue to use his calendar on the Akash website as your source of Truth for all future things and working group meetings couple other things to call out are Sig design. There's a couple of folks that have been getting more involved in I sharing designs for swag.

Tyler Wright: During designs for other marketing materials and some folks have been coming to the meeting some more graphic designers and visual communicators. Again, if anybody from the community knows anybody that's looking to get involved in Akash and is a designer have them again. Feel free to join the Sig design. And again, there's some folks that are either dropping in designs or have already dropped in designs to Sig design Discord Channel. Feel free to give your feedback on those designs so that we can either Look to add them to the store or have them for future events or give feedback for some of these newer community members are looking to contribute.

Tyler Wright: Again, the cost website working group is continuing to move along. There's a number of contributions that happen there on a monthly basis or me on a biweekly basis. So again, if anybody wants to get involved in supporting the website or documentation, which is under the website feel free to get involved in that weekly working group. And then again, you can check out the rest of the addenda.

Tyler Wright: Sid clients will most likely be removed because that is a monthly meeting and we just most recently met with a change of schedule just yesterday. But again, if anybody has any questions about console again, we talked about those things and steering committee or you can feel free to get involved in Sid clients Luna who was also very active with corsage his team and does a number of Open Source efforts with Akash also gave a demo of some work that he's been doing with his team for some time. So again, feel free to take a look at the state clients or recording in the notes which will be available in the next day or so to see a demo from corsage and then see all the work that again the console 2.0 the console team is working on for latest to console 2.0.

Tyler Wright: There any other questions about anything that anybody wants to discuss related to Akash?

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, I know this is a quicker steering committee than usual. But again, we just had one maybe 20 days ago appreciate everybody's time and effort today. Appreciate everybody that's been joining the Sig clients to enjoying a number of these cigs and getting involved again damir gave a presentation a demo of some work that he's been doing around grafana and Prometheus in sick providers just yesterday and also in the Akash insiders office hours today. So if anybody wants to get involved there, please take a look at the demo that he gave in sick providers and then reach out to him in the providers Channel orâ€¦

Anil Murty: Thanks everybody.

Tyler Wright: the sick providers Channel about next steps.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciative on time and effort today. Thank you to all though all that pitch their discussions. Please get involved in the discussions and we'll continue to connect online and look forward to all the events going on in Brussels and safe travels all those that are attending but I'll see you all in the Midwest. Have a great day everybody. All right. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:47:08 ðŸ‘‹
