# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #18

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Community and Marketing Initiatives.
- Events and Conferences
- Zealy Developer Onboarding Proposal
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, July 25th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Mello
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Dominikus Brian
- Jannick H
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes

- **Community Feedback and Issues:**
  - No specific grievances or conflicts raised during the meeting.
- **Project Board Review:**
  - Overview of ongoing projects, with a focus on the SDK47 upgrade and discussions around console features.
- **Event Highlights:**
  - Successful participation in EthCC and other events in Brussels.
  - Greg's participation in 16 different events, including the Open AI Summit and Renaissance Meetup hosted by Uock.
- **Community and Marketing Initiatives:**
  - Opportunities for community members to contribute to documentation, support, and development.
  - Community support rewards in terms of AKT available for contributions.
- **Product and Engineering Roadmap:**
  - Ongoing work with Mystic Labs on cosmo kit support and provider build process updates.
  - Progress on Console 2.0, including Fiat payments and other features.
- **Developer Onboarding and Funding Proposal:**
  - Robert Del Rey discussed the [Developer Onboarding Funding Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/633) Number Two.
  - Detailed the Zealy platform's role in engaging the community through missions and rewards.
  - Encouraged community members to contribute ideas for new missions and integrations.
- **New Proposals and Discussions:**
  - Discussion of a proposal to increase committee pool tax and decrease inflation.
  - Further discussion deferred to SIG Economics when the author, Cheng, is present.
  - Encouragement for community involvement in discussions and voting.

#### Open Discussion
- **[YouTube Channel Revamp:](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/6/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=71953958)**
  - Robert Del Rey discussed efforts to revamp the Akash YouTube channel, starting with optimizing video thumbnails, titles, and descriptions to improve discoverability.
  - Plans to include calls to action in videos, linking to documentation and related content.
  - Efforts to feature good community content, including tutorials and events.
  - A working group has been formed on Discord to discuss these initiatives, with the first phase set to be evaluated next month.

#### Additional Points
- **Future Meetings and Events:**
  - Acknowledgment of a quieter event schedule in early August, with a notable event in Buenos Aires in mid-August.
  - Focus on upcoming technical projects and preparations for a busy September and October.
  - Encouragement to participate in the upcoming testnet for the SDK upgrade and other initiatives.
  - Recognition of increased participation in SIGs and working groups, with a plan for more organized wrap-ups and summaries.

#### Next Steps and Meeting Wrap-Up
- **Wrap-up and Acknowledgments:**
  - Tyler Wright thanked attendees for their participation and efforts.
  - Noted the availability of meeting notes and recordings, with thanks to community members who assist in creating them.
  - Discussion of potential for more frequent wrap-ups of SIG and working group activities.
  - Encouraged continued engagement and contributions from the community.

## Action Items
- **Tyler Wright:** Continue to monitor and address community feedback and issues.
- **SIGs and Working Groups:** Provide detailed updates on SDK47 and other projects.
- **Amanda Keay and Zach Horn:** Compile a report on recent events and participation.
- **Tyler Wright:** Plan and prepare for upcoming events, including Buenos Aires.
- **Tyler Wright:** Promote opportunities for contributions in technical and non-technical areas.
- **Mystic Labs Team:** Monitor and update on cosmos kit support.
- **Console Team:** Provide updates on Console 2.0 features and progress.
- **Robert Del Rey:** Finalize and launch Developer Onboarding Proposal Number Two. Gather feedback on Zealy platform missions.
- **SIG Economics:** Engage in discussions around the proposal to increase committee pool tax and decrease inflation.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the steering committee monthly meeting it is. July 25th 2024 during the steering committee monthly meetings. This is a culmination of all the special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month on the Kash Network open source ecosystem.

Tyler Wright: During this meeting. We have a typical agenda, which I will jump to right now. We will go through a number of these items and then from there we'll go open up to any General open discussion. If anybody has anything they want to discuss feel free to drop it inside the chat right now so that we can have it for the open discussion portion.

Tyler Wright: cool with that said again, everybody here contracts steering committee notes that have happened since the stereo committee started in 2023 at the previous steering committee meeting we talked about we went to the typical agenda. There was a couple of interesting discussions that have since gone on chain in the past. So if anybody again wants to track any of the notes or recordings from previous meetings, feel free to do so in the steering committee read me file.

Tyler Wright: The first thing we do as a part of the agenda is review discuss or address any Community feedback grievances or conflicts. Does anybody have anything that they want to share as it relates to just the cost ecosystem in general sigs working groups or anything of that matter they want to discuss and right now

Tyler Wright: cool All right. Next part of the agenda is around review of project boards again, there is great detail that happens during very cigs and working groups throughout the month. I know we've talked in a great detail about what's going on as pertains to the Castle's 47 upgrade in sick chain, and I know there's a lot of discussion in previous clients about console. So again, if anybody wants real specifics, feel free to join those cigs and working groups throughout the month to talk about things in more detail with members that are working on it. But again, we'll go through the project boards at a high level today. We're actually will go in reverse order because I know that There is some events happening later today in New York City, which I'm sure we'll get talked about, but I wanted to first one of the big action items out of the last.

Tyler Wright: Steering committee meeting was around prep for Brussels and all the events happening there. This is the first steering committee meetingâ€¦

Amanda Keay: hey everyone Thanks for the time to talk about this.

Tyler Wright: since ECC and all the events happening in Brussels.

Amanda Keay: We had a lot of success in Brussels.

Tyler Wright: So I did want to hand it over to Amanda andâ€¦

Amanda Keay: I'm sure as many of you are aware Greg had a couple tweets about participating in 16 different events.

Tyler Wright: Zach to talk a little bit about ECC and some other events as I moved this over to completed.

Amanda Keay: I'm going to click just go through my list of events that we attended sponsored.

Amanda Keay: yeah, very very quickly though. So we participated in the open AI Summit the chief I Summit which was also great. We participated and Greg was able to do a talk at the Renaissance. Meetup that was hosted by flock

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you Zach. Does anyone have any questions or comments about anything a cost chat API related or about the events happening in Brussels or that happened in Brussels? Rather?

Tyler Wright: additionally when we talk about this in various working groups, there are a number of opportunities for folks Technical and non-technical to continue to work on the Akash Network whether it's documentation or whether it's through support of the open source Akash Network website again, there's working groups and cigs where folks can audit create issues and then solve those issues and there's again Community Support rewards in terms of akt available for again merge contributions. So if anybody's looking to get involved or if anybody here is an Insider Vanguard and interfaces with folks in the general Community, they're looking to get more involved a good way to get started is certainly through the website and then again for more technical folks to dive into the documentation ask questions. See if there's anything needs to be fine tuned and then get up to speed with, some of the other stuff that will talk about later.

Tyler Wright: All Continuing to move along. I just want to see if there's anything else on the community or marketing initiatives that anybody wants to discuss before we move on to product and Engineering initiatives.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Robert.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, and we can spend a little bit more time during the discussion section going over any last minute points before we take next steps. for Cool anything else we want to discuss in the community or marketing project or before I move on to a product and Engineering roadmap?

Tyler Wright: All right a couple of things again. We're still tracking with the Mystic Labs team on the cosmo kit supports. There's gonna cosmokit bug that is being resolved. And so again, the Mystic lab team is staying on top of it and we'll continue to Monitor and update this project as they look to finish across the finish line. There has been much discussion around updated provider build process during sick providers some other meetings. So again, please look at the notes and video that'll be available shortly on that meeting and get involved in the sick provider Discord Channel. If you want to learn more about what's going on there again, that's been an effort to talk about month over month or less three or four months. So again, please if you're one more information or if you see somebody in the community that wants more information push them towards the providers and then again we can discuss more there.

Tyler Wright: I did want to see if there's anything in progress I get again. There was much discussion around consult 2.0 at the last steering committee meeting as well as in a couple of six throughout the month. I know there's a lot of great deal progress being made across the number of these items including Fiat payments and some others. I want to see if there's any questions from anybody in the community or if there's anything from the console team that they wanted to discuss on Console 2.0 efforts here today.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: no worries.

Tyler Wright: Another again big effort that get talked about multiple times during the month is around the cosmos SDK upgrade to version 47 again as recently as I think a week ago, we got to update from Artur doing Sig chain and all the work that's getting done there. I know that there is a test net that is planned for sometimes soon where we'll include members on this call another members of The Insider Community to get involved in helping with the testing again, excellent

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Is there anybody here on the call that wants to discuss anything on the product andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: there will be more information. I'll be shared in sick chain and

Tyler Wright: Engineering roadmap that might need some more detail again.

Tyler Wright: other announcements channels across Discord. So again,

Tyler Wright: If you don't want to discuss it here today.

Tyler Wright: if you want to get involved during that testing period Please look out for announcements over the next couple of weeks Archer.

Tyler Wright: The product team does a great job of updating the specific projects with tasks andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to cover with this group here today related to customer SDK,

Tyler Wright: where things are on a pretty frequent basis. So again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: but don't feel obliged because they know again we talk about it a fair amount throughout the month.

Tyler Wright: you can leave a comment in there or you can just read some of the comments as they come in from the product team as they're working on very items.

Tyler Wright: You see on the board here.

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, we can continue to move on with the agenda.

Tyler Wright: terrific All right, moving along next thing that we usually cover during the steering committee is around discussions. We usually like to have participants that are here during the call talk about their discussions. We also look to have conversations that are getting a lot of traction where folks can talk about things. I know that Robert here is kind of alluded to the developer onboarding funding proposal that went on chain has gotten some discussion gotten some feedback over the last couple of weeks. So Robert I want to hand it over to you to see if there's anything you want to talk about with this group today about next steps for the developer onboarding funding proposal number two.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you I went a little bit ahead earlier in the call. But yeah about the debt campaign. As I was saying were pretty much ready to go live Wendy and I been spending it last month. Assembly missions going over the Nations ourselves making sure they make sense. I also spoke with a few insiders privately to get their feedback and they were very helpful ascending the missions you're gonna notice when they go live that they format is improved instructions are gonna way more easy to understand and also the documentation is going to be very handy for everybody trying to

Robert Del Rey: get started on a cash to give a little bit of context on silly. I'm sure many here are about it already, but just for the sake of the recording seal, its a platform similar to others in the space. Else Community people grow the community the way they do it is that it's like a game. the relation to missions and with those missions you hope you attract people and they do it and they level up they get experience. And they can get rewarded for it. I mean it's a way to create a funnel. Get somebody new to the ecosystem. Make sure we point them in the right direction and after they test out the network, they might get rewards for their participation. So that's a little bit of context on Sealy what I've been doing in this last week specifically

00:15:00

Robert Del Rey: I've been working in some documentations. Just to make sure everything is documented like that tasks are doing how we are reviewing the missions and also Gathering. Some key insights that would be beneficial for people looking at this campaign in the future. let's say somebody it's new to this company and they are asking things like, How effective was this in the past we're working. all about documentation ready For everybody who is interested in that. yeah, what I wanted to ask please say is that in this season 2 we want to level it up. We want to push a cache to the limits. There are nations to deploy some stuff on a cash.

Robert Del Rey: But there is gonna be one open mission that you can do basically anything. We're just gonna ask the participants that try to integrate a cache in any way to the other service or the other network. They're trying to integrate a cache and we're going to review that and hopefully get some good Integrations of That so I mean biting you insiders. If you have some crazy ideas on how we can push a cache into the limits reach out to me and we can maybe turn that into a mission. And maybe that mission can be a mission like you can do when you Ward it for it So yeah, I'm super open for discussions and make sure that these program. It's valuable and attracts the right people to the community. Something that you will notice.

Robert Del Rey: Is that we don't have all of us on Give us a tweet. We're not looking for engagement Army where genuinely looking for people to come up to the network and start pushing some bottles in a cash. So yeah, I will leave it there. If you have questions guys now, it's a good time to discuss that if not my DMs are also that.

Tyler Wright: And again, feel free to leave any questions comments inside of the discussion 633 and GitHub. So that's again any feedback can be taken into before the team takes next steps in the developer onboarding funding wholesal number two.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Continuing to look at some of the newer proposals again. I know there's some proposals that have been out here, but some of the main participants aren't here today. I know there's a proposal to increase committee pool tax and decrease inflation again. There's been a great deal discussion here. And I think there'll be some additional feedback that will go into this. I don't know if you want to talk about this at all or again because Chang who author this is not here we can discuss this a little bit more and sick economics when he is available.

Tyler Wright: Thank Again. If anybody has any feedback, please. Feel free to drop it inside the discussion again, this Spurs the kind of discussion. We like to make sure that we're all making the best decisions for the network. So again, please get involved in this discussion and all other discussions, especially because the number of people spent a fair amount of time to put them together.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's a number of other discussions. Some of them have been talked about in sick providers. So we don't have to talk about them here and then folks aren't here. But please look to get involved and especially when there's ideas integration different concepts again, the more people participating voting commenting would be greatly appreciated.

Tyler Wright: Any other discussions anybody wants to talk about right here right now?

Tyler Wright: cool All right, moving along to the open discussion portion. I see that there's one item in chat around the Akash YouTube revamp those effort that was discussed in Sig design. And then again working group has been formed Robert. Do you want to talk about the YouTube revampital?

00:20:00

Robert Del Rey: Absolutely, Tyler. Yes.

Robert Del Rey: we want to make the cash Channel visible more easy to find to people and This effort started to adjust that in the first phase. We're gonna optimize the video thumbnails. We're gonna optimized the video titles. We're gonna optimize the words just to make sure that when people search for a cash Network, they can find the channel more easily.

Robert Del Rey: We're also doing efforts to make sure that in the videos. They are a specifically called to actions to make sure that people can go to the documentation or to suggest them existing content in the cash Channel. There is very good content as far as tutorial goes deployments and also events that regular cash participate. So we're gonna try to highlight that more. also we're trying to have

Robert Del Rey: there is good Community content out there, people me but validators like chilpa and in other persons in the community, they also have really good material. So hopefully we can get some of that in their cash page as well. So what in this face, we're just discussing how we're gonna go about it. There is a group chat in Discord about the YouTube working group. There is a call next Tuesday. if you want to join for free to join and if you see something interesting or due to something that got your attention and you think a cash can benefit of using that feel free to share that, the algorithm in YouTube it change like a lot so

Robert Del Rey: It's good to have fresh and New Perspectives on what are the things that get our attention in YouTube. So that is something I will leave in the stage so you can think about it and if you have again ideas suggestions you want to get involved. Yeah, just go to that group chat and let's get it going. I don't know if I cover enough time or if I missed something free to call me out.

Tyler Wright: No, I think that's good. Again. This is a working group that was formed as sick design last couple of meetings has been discussion around just YouTube efforts and I know again getting some help from this wider community on these efforts is going to go a long way. So this is an phase one I believe is going to be over next month and then we'll evaluate from there on what the next couple of faces look like. So again, feel free to get involved during the working group sessions on Tuesdays.

Tyler Wright: Yes Domi, I see your question. Again. There's a lot of content that gets created from Greg Anil other members of the community and just being able to have that all in one area. So it's more easily accessible as all part of the mission for again the future of the YouTube channel. amongst many other things

Tyler Wright: Cool, are there any other open discussions at anybody wants to have right now A cost-related?

Tyler Wright: All right, looking ahead again. There's a number next week will be just the Akash website working group for the YouTube channel rather following that again. We'll go back into the regularly scheduled program. And the start of August will be a slower month on the event side. There will be at one event on some folks from the core team as well as the community would be going to in Buenos Aires in the middle of month. But again, the rest of the month will be focus on number of efforts that were discussed in the product and Engineering roadmap, especially as we get ready for quite a busy period in September and October on the event So again a number of opportunities to Showcase and connect with new people on all the work that's going on from the core team and other members of the community. So again, please please get involved in.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Testnet that's coming soon for the cost of SDK upgrade a number of other efforts that again will be announced in various channels. Just look to get involved make your voices heard discussions and we'll continue to push the pace as we get into a very busy fall and winter period

Tyler Wright: if there's nothing else then again, we can wrap a little bit early today much appreciate everybody's time and efforts especially over last month. There's been a lot more participation in various six and working groups. So again, there's a lot of detailed discussion a lot of great conversations happening there so much appreciate you all the notes and the recording will be available for this shortly. Shout out to George Who again from the community who helps out with that. I know that BS who's also was previously on the call that works on the net of Doubt team is going to be helping out a number of folks in the community who have day jobs want to participate more in the six and working groups. And so some folks have been asking about potentially monthly or weekly kind of wrap-ups of what's happening in specifics and working groups. So I know that members of netted out team of talked about helping out with some of those efforts taking the notes.

Tyler Wright: I'm in video and just kind of doing a wrap up so much appreciate the efforts that are going on there and look out for more information there soon. Much appreciate everyone's time today. Look forward to seeing you all over the next couple of weeks. Again, if anybody has any questions comments concerns, feel free to drop them in Discord reach out to me privately. But again, thank you all for your time today. See you all soon.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks Ty.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks everybody.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks.

Zach Horn: guys, take care

Meeting ended after 00:27:22 ðŸ‘‹
