# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Community Feedback and Discussions
- Project Boards Review
- Active GitHub Discussions
- Updates on Cosmos SDK 47 Upgrade
- Console 2.0 Progress
- Event Recaps and Upcoming Events
- YouTube Content and Developer Onboarding Updates
- Akash Chat API and YouTube Initiatives
- Open Floor for Additional Topics and Feedback

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, September 26th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://otgpsa4db4kpmdhoccmt3giweyqevheemhwjovjfmva2vrsjgtsq.arweave.net/dMz5A4MPFPYM7hCZPZkWJiBKnIRh7JdVJWVBqsZJNOU)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- BS
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Dominikus Brian
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Kyle Walden
- Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- **Community Feedback**
  - Tyler Wright opened by requesting feedback on current Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and any community-related issues. Participants can share input via Discord or during the meeting.
  - No immediate community feedback was brought up at the start of the session.

- **Project Boards Review**
  - Tyler reviewed the Akash project boards, including the product and engineering roadmap, community and marketing initiatives, and updates on Akash Console and other core projects.
  - Emphasis was placed on transparency and keeping these boards public-facing for community engagement.
  - Tyler noted that due to extensive travel by team members, certain SIGs and working groups had postponed updates but remain active.

- **Cosmos SDK 47 Upgrade Update**
  - Artur Troian provided a technical update on the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade, noting that significant testing and validation are underway.
  - Highlighted current resource requirements for the upgrade, including increased RAM and CPU for validators.
  - Estimated timeline for public testnet release shared, with pending internal testing completion.
  - Artur addressed logistical issues regarding GitHub actions and resource management, and Tyler requested feedback or questions from the community.

- **Console 2.0 Development**
  - The product team is progressing on Console 2.0 with development updates discussed at the recent SIG Providers meeting.
  - The team is working on trial wallet integration, fiat payments, and other features planned for community testing soon.

- **Event Recaps and Insights**
  - Amanda Keay recapped the team’s participation in recent global events, including a main stage presentation by Greg and several side events hosted by Akash.
  - Notable highlights included:
    - Over 200 attendees at a rooftop kickoff event and 100 at a Powered Summit.
    - 2000+ merchandise items distributed across events.
    - Successful community engagement with over 3000 email sign-ups from event attendees.
  - Zach Horn added insights on Korea Blockchain Week and Token2049, noting differences in audience demographics and engagement levels.

- **YouTube and Developer Onboarding Initiatives**
  - Robert Del Rey updated on Akash’s YouTube content strategy, supported by community members like BS and Dennis.
  - Community members are invited to contribute to content creation around Akash services and related workflows.
  - Zealy, a developer onboarding program, concluded its second sprint with reviews ongoing, aiming to enhance engagement and transparency.

- **Akash Chat API**
  - Recent updates on the Akash Chat API were announced, including the release of Llama32, developed rapidly by Julius for community testing and feedback.

- **Discussions on Community Contributions**
  - Acknowledged ongoing contributions from community members, with special recognition for participants actively engaging in documentation, project boards, and SIG sessions.

- **New Proposal from Alchemy**
  - Kyle Walden of Alchemy introduced a potential collaboration, offering to support Akash in launching a chain and gathering product feedback.
  - Tyler welcomed the proposal but suggested that Kyle follow up in a SIG working group or GitHub discussion to refine the collaboration's objectives.

- **Closing Remarks**
  - Tyler highlighted upcoming SIG meetings and encouraged community participation in project boards, GitHub discussions, and Discord channels.
  - Cheng Wang reiterated the importance of community involvement, praising contributors who have grown to core team roles and encouraging new members to engage.

## Action Items
- **Community Feedback Collection**: Tyler to gather additional community feedback via Discord or GitHub discussions.
- **Cosmos SDK 47 Testing**: Artur to complete final stages of internal testing and initiate public testnet, updating the community on progress and requirements.
- **Console 2.0 Testing**: Product team to begin community testing for Console 2.0 and provide further updates.
- **Event Recap Documentation**: Amanda to share a retrospective of recent events, with community members contributing to ongoing event planning.
- **YouTube Content Development**: Robert to continue expanding Akash’s YouTube content, inviting community members to contribute.
- **Developer Onboarding**: Robert and Piber to finalize the review of Zealy Sprint 2 and address feedback.
- **Alchemy Proposal Follow-Up**: Kyle and Tyler to coordinate next steps for the proposed partnership through SIG discussions.
- **Next Meeting Preparations**: Tyler to prepare the agenda and schedule for the upcoming SIG meetings and updates.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to the Cost Steering committee. I believe this is number 20. It is September 26th 2024.

Tyler Wright: During the Akash Syrian Committee meetings, the Accostering committee in the community, go over an agenda that I will share on screen right now. Again, the agenda is in multiple parts. You can see past meetings, notes, transcripts and recordings available Get on GitHub inside. The community. Repo we start off by reviewing discussing and addressing any community feedback or even since our conflicts related to six working groups or anything else. Then we go into project boards Then we discuss any active github discussions. With a focus on github discussions, that have a lot of comments, a lot of people talking about it and then again see if there's anything else on the discuss inside. And then we open up the floor to see. There's any other questions from anybody on the call?

Tyler Wright: Again, I don't have any active discussions slated for today, but I did want to see before I hop into the agenda. If there's any items that anybody wants to discuss towards the end of the call, Could drop them in chat.

Tyler Wright: Alright, getting us going again. I just want to see if there was anything that anybody wanted to discussed or address, or any community feedback, relate to sigs, working groups or anything else on the Akash community side.

Tyler Wright: Again, If anybody has any feedback, I know that people get feedback and discord or reach out to me in between meeting, but feel free to reach out to myself or anybody. And we can continue to improve and make adjustments.

Tyler Wright: I see Kyle drop the message in a chat and we'll take some time for it at the end. Thank you, All Next up is a review of the cost projects boards. So as everybody knows there are a couple of project boards that are always public facing. There's a product and engineering roadmap and there's also a community and marketing initiatives project board. Again, these are project boards there are always transparent and forward facing related to things like Akash console, the core product on the product and engineering side as well as a number of other items and then the community side. Again, there's a number of efforts that are ongoing

Tyler Wright: I know that there's been a great deal of progress that has been discussed in various CIGS and working groups. So I don't want to duplicate work and I know that those teams are actually been traveling a fair amount. And so, I know folks are less than a hundred percent and are on the move.

Tyler Wright: I do want to pass it over to potentially Scott and Archer to talk a little bit about constant SDK, 47 upgrade because I know that there's been a significant amount of work that has been going on with again, the proposal just passing on chain to support all that work. And I believe we're in the final stages of internal testing by the core engineering team. And then again, there's a number of folks that have already reached out to that are looking to get involved in some more public testing. But I'll hand over to Archer Scott to maybe talk a little bit more about SDK upgrade to version zero.org. That's it.

Artur Troian: Thanks, hi everyone. I think I do for some updates on this particular subject. as you probably know a great path to the Sdk47 is quite complicated and we have good base migration for chain, which done and a bunch of migrations and testings are passing. so that's pretty much a good science since I think again of the August, And we had a couple sort of internal things to prioritize on, and that's why maybe there will not that many movements on the educational to seven. However, I just want to show The

Artur Troian: Keep going is the things we just don't always committee post one days. Anyways, this point, we pretty much preparing to lunch test. Now, there are one sort of blocker, this moment providing me from kite in the releases and that is related and to understanding on the actual mainnet state, So, just to give a picture of the upgrades, quite heavy and it will require a lot of resources from the validators. So think right now we just targeted for 128 gigs of RAM. And to run the tests, we need to have on the testnet through. What a daters. And that means, obviously, if you do the monthly, 384 gigs ram, that's it, just make sure the consensus is right, and so forth. And that takes quite a lot of time and sometimes machines,


### 00:05:00

Artur Troian: Moving on the github actions, don't provide many resources. So we have to source them ourselves and Keep an eye on the things, but hopefully by end of this week, we're gonna solve this particular hiccup that we have and start releasing cutting the better reasons and fire up test that. So we can start testing all the blockchain related transactions and make sure that no existing behavior patterns are broken and everything new in terms of the blockchain works. As soon as we confirm that that is the case. We started in boilers and the network and enhance dancing. So a thing that is pretty much it for my site.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions again? There will be I think the SIG chain meeting for the month of September was postponed. As we get ready for again, a more public testnet with some insiders and just general members of the Akash community to test upgrade, There'll be some more public messaging shared There'll be a sick chain meeting where folks can ask questions we can talk about things a little bit more detail. So look out for that on the calendar upcoming.

Tyler Wright: real quick, I'm just looking for the message right now and I dropped it in the validators announcements as well alluding to some of the stuff that Artur has been talking about. But just about the shared size of what this upgrade involves. I think I've mentioned it If anybody here is a validator or anybody listening to this call later as a validator, there is going to be a requirement for more RAM and CPU 128 gigs of RAM and eight cores CPU will be minimum requirements for this network upgrade. I know there's less than that and I'm a requirements for typical validators but because the nature of this upgrade, we're asking for folks to make sure that their resources are up to snuff so that we can have as smooth and upgrade as we have had, in the recent past on a number of vacations.

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Tyler Wright: Again I know that the product team has been working extremely hard on Console 2.0 a number of different phases. In the Sick Providers Meeting yesterday, are Jigar & Duvall talked at length, about some of the things that they've been doing on the provider side of the console console 2.0. I know in previous SIG clients meetings, we've heard from all a cost product team on updates to again trial. While it's fiat payments, which is going to be moved. So I think testing sometimes soon, I know this is something that members of core team and also members of the community. It's also been looking at events, which we'll talk about soon, but I just want to see outside of that. Is there anything from anybody from the product? Team, specifically wants to call out here to other community on the standard committee. Don't feel the blush. I know we have, again, six and working groups. And other times that we talk about,

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's anything that anybody want to call out or discuss any further. On the track and engineering roadmap.

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, we'll move along. I know that again. It's been a very busy time. Thank you to all the insiders that have been going to events. Thank you, to all, the members of the core team that have been traveling across the world attending events putting on events. There's just been a lot going on in that front. I did before we hop into a number of other items that are happening on the community and marketing side. I did want to hand it over to Amanda and potentially Zach and then other people that were maybe at these events can chime in. But I know there's have been a lot of events that have happened since our last steering committee meeting and then a number of events happening in the next couple of weeks as well. So, Amanda, maybe I could kick it over you to talk about, some of the things that have happened and what's up coming.

Amanda Keay: So still trying to catch up on my sleep that flight from Singapore was horrible but it was a really good trip. We had four insiders that came and we had a main sponsorship for the booth was there. We had Greg was able to get a full-time speaking slot on stage instead of just the panel. So that was really great. I think Greg participated in eight or nine separate events Anil participated in four Zach participated in one panel.


### 00:10:00

Amanda Keay: And Akash itself posted three different events. One of them was a rooftop kind of kick off event in which we had over. 200 people show up which was really super successful and met a lot of really great people, had some good connections there, we also hosted an powered summit, which was similar to our Akash accelerate except just much shorter and smaller, but we had a two different panels and a couple really great presentation from partners that are using Akash. And we had about a hundred people show up for that. And then we did a VIP sort of yacht event which we invited some special guests to come on board, pun intended, and that was really, really good. So all together,

Amanda Keay: Cheng did participate in a panel. Yes, it was not originally on the agenda but he got invited that week. So that was another great win. So we had four different people from our team participate in different panels and multiple media interviews and stuff. So that was really, really awesome. I just did a retro of the event so that will be I guess shared. I don't know how we're gonna do that but just showing all of our different leads and stuff. I think we were able to collect close to 3,000 emails from the events. And just had a really great time. Thank you. All the insiders who showed up and man the booth and gave out you have to ask Zach, I don't remember how many pieces of merch, I think it was somewhere around 1300 pieces of merch that we were able to give away. But yeah, it was really awesome.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, And I know not to put Zach on the spot, but I know that Zach was at both Korea Blockchain week and talking 2049, I think he's trying to catch up on sleep himself or he's displaying time between America and Asia at this point. But Zach, is there anything particularly that you wanted to talk about in terms of career blockchain week? Because I know they were kind of two different audiences, talking 249 and career Blockchain week.

Zach Horn: Yeah, jet lag is no joke. We Amanda and I are both still in the process of shifting back. Cheng is too. I guess the one thing I'll say from both events is that the insiders absolutely crushed it. I mean, we had two boots at both of the events. everyone did such a great job and it's not nothing to be at those booze, all day.

Zach Horn: What jetlag what you like Cheng? it's not nothing to be at those booze all day and the insiders just did a really fantastic job. So, shout out to everyone that was there. Both of those events and coming up for for May not next week. The number on the merch, you were looking for Amanda's 2,000, we gave that over 2000 pieces of merch across both events, which we've been scaling up the merch that we've been taking to these things. And now, we're just at a totally different level that we were before and the Merch is really good. I mean, people really love it. You know what, we're giving it out. People will take it and put it right on so exactly what you want to see there, but overall it was great. And again, just the insiders absolutely amazing. What was the difference between Korean Singapore, Korea was a little bit more gosh.

Zach Horn: Korea was a smaller event by a little bit of a margin token, was much much larger and obviously very investor heavy. Maybe slightly more deb heavy in Korea. that's what I felt like in terms of connections. But token was, I'd call it three times the size and, much more focused on obviously the token side of things, and investments, and DC funds, and all that.

Tyler Wright: Thank you nda. Any other questions around events before we move on?

Tyler Wright: I know that some folks aren't here, but we have a weekly working group around the Akash website and docs, I just want to call out all the people that come to that. it's a very active group. Some of those folks go on to contribute with the website, contribute to ducks, then help contribute to console. So it's a very, very active group. Shout out to, Dennis Zach obviously pierce from the community who helps to organize and helps with that group. But again, if anybody wants to get involved a little bit more with the website or any open bounties on the website Docs, feel free to join that group. Feel free to look at the issues inside the website, repo. That's another great way to get involved.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Do things that I want to make time for before I open up to see if there's anything else, anybody wants to discuss on the community and marketing side is, I know that Robert has been leading and pushing forward a couple of initiatives you can see updates that happen around working groups daily and we talk about it I think again there's a working group that happens every two weeks that you can join. There's a very, very active discord channel where you could talk where you can see what's going on Zeely, which is a developer onboarding program, Robert and Piper deaf from the community actively work on and lead those efforts. But I do want to call it. Some work that Robert has been leading alongside some other members of the core team and community, I'll call out B s as well who's also been a great support from the Net of Doubt team around the Akash YouTube. I know that again, this is something that has been looked at different points, obviously with the core team working on. So,

Tyler Wright: Different initiatives is something. I think we want to get some community support for. So I do want to pass over to Robert for a minute or two just to talk about what's been going on in that group. And then just again continuing to invite people that maybe have some video chats or opinions about YouTube in general to again start joining those working group sessions and get involved.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks Tyler. Yeah, I will quickly say that.

Robert Del Rey: Where we bumping the cash YouTube, right? B, s, even outstanding support also Dennis with the graphic assets in their cash YouTube channel. We have All the steering committee called videos, all the 19 calls we got so far. This is the number 20

Robert Del Rey: But all the 19 calls we got so far on the steering committee. Call are uploaded in YouTube. At the moment, there are only listed so nobody can see them unless they have a link. We plan to go live really soon with the new pieces of content. So, like Heller was saying, If you have interest in YouTube, if you believe you have talents, you can use in the YouTube Working Group, feel free to pass by the YouTube Working Group channel, and we can take it from there next it's October 1st on next Tuesday. So, the next YouTube working group called It's Happening. Next Tuesday, the first for free to go there, so you can get a deeper route on the videos and what we're doing and how we progress into the next phase of. These are the moment we're uploading accordions for the different calls.

Robert Del Rey: But we want to expand and upload other kinds of content and create all the kinds of content from zero. So yeah, if you like to get involved, Feel free to go there about Seeley. We're just wrapping up the sprint. Number two, still reviewing, lots of submissions still dealing with some bugs. Some people are trying to gain the system but Benji and I have been doing, I would say at this end job mitigating that we also get lots of feedback from the participants in how we can improve the process of doing the nations, which I'm really thankful for. And yeah, that's The two things I really wanted to cover in case you have any questions I'm here and also opening the DMS

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank ert. I just jumping back to the Akash YouTube effort. Again, the prompt is really Increasing just awareness on YouTube and exploration around There's certainly a number of videos around the token and Akt but creating more content at searchable around the open framework around the cost. What a cost does, how to use a cost console? How to build a caution to your workflow? Think creating? Those kinds of videos will go a long way and being able to again connect with different kinds of learners and maybe trying to use the crash network. So, feel free to get involved.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Again, I know there's a number of efforts going on the community and marketing side. I know a cash chat API something that's been ongoing and there's continues to be a number of updates there. shout out other members of ZJ other folks that are working on that Zach. Feel free if you want to talk about that, if not, then again we can continue to move along. But I know there's a number of updates in a specific. There's some channels and discord or people can stay up to date and get connected.

Zach Horn: The only thing I'll say is that we did launch a Llama32 yesterday, a couple hours after it came out. obviously shout out to Julius for turning that around about as quickly as you possibly could. If you test it out, you run into any issues, just let us know. It's always a work at progress but credit where it's due, Julius is absolutely crushing it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Zach again. Adam Wozney head of community at a crashes, just getting back from some time away on the personal basis. He has been getting up to speed on everything from Akashi EDU to the insider program. Some other initiatives that will get added to this board. So again continue to look out for updates on the community of marketing side, as well as a product and engineering side and both these boards are available at the Akash Network Github or inside the projects area. So again if anybody has any questions that can leave them inside, specific issues or drop them in discord. Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss on the committee and marketing side before we move on to other agenda items?

Tyler Wright: All Next up on the agenda, we would typically go over discussions. I just want to remind folks that. Again, if you see discussions in there, please look to get involved, usually how the structure works. And there will be updates made to the structure, whether it be around governance proposals, or just in general. What we tried to do is have folks that have ideas, thoughts, etc. Get involved in discord and get involved in cigar working group at a live meetings. There's meetings that happening, they're happening across a number of different items etc, on a weekly basis. to You share your ideas with the community if you don't have time because you have a day job, then usually ask folks to create a github discussion, where they can talk about their idea a little bit more. Again, we have a number of different tags, including ideas where you can talk about integr.

Tyler Wright: You could talk about collaborations etc as much detail as you can provide in these discussions, it goes a long way so that folks from the community don't have to ask questions again if you don't have enough detail, folks are just going to assume that you just don't understand what you're talking about and then the discussion may not get that much response but the more detail and the more specifics you can provide on the value, add to their cash network etc. Would go a long way in creating active discussions. the only thing that I will call out real quick is,

Tyler Wright: And then I'll see if there's any other discussions. I know a member of the Akash insiders started talking about a car awesome Akash and meeting some improvements to the Readme file. Maybe the structure. This is something that has been talked about in SIG clients for some time and I know that Piper debt from the community did a version of a PR just like reorganizing it right now. This conversation is on hold because there are implications to Akash console and we want to make sure that we have a complete picture before we move forward with making updates to awesome Akash again. If there's anything new to anybody wants to act awesome across, or there is a foolproof structure in place for how PRs get merged. There's a number of reviewers that are involved in reviewing the PRS, but I know there's might be some technical debt, and some structural changes that might be in.

Tyler Wright: But I just want to let people know that this is something that is being thought about, but again, because of a number of other efforts happening with consult 2.0 and beyond this is something that we are going to put on. Hold and discuss probably a little bit further at a future sick clients meeting.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: any questions there or does anyone have anything else that they want to? Have talked about here related to discussions.

Tyler Wright: All right, moving along. Again, we usually try to have these sorts of conversations in a cigar working group before having them in a steering committee. But Kyle, I do appreciate you joining the meeting today and I think we're running a little bit of heads, get ahead of schedule. it would be great. I know that you had a topic that you wanted to Scott discuss at the pertain Sir Caution alchemy again, this steering committee is for efforts that benefit the Akash network. That's what the community and the steering Committee is focus on. So any initiative integrations etc would have to show that kind of benefit to the class network for folks add value. This is a very vocal community, both folks on this call and just generally in the community. So that's something that has been consistent since the beginning. So if you have maybe a 30 second pitch, that you want to talk about and then maybe we could take this to a cigar working group or you can create a discussion

Tyler Wright: Do want to give you some time Kyle to talk on this call because you are here. So, the floor is yours to talk for a quick. Second about a caution alchemy.

Kyle Walden: Yeah, appreciate it. And I was the reason why I joined today is I think I linked up with one of your colleagues on telegram and they said, maybe this would be an appropriate forum. But anyways, keeping it super short and tight. Here we at alchemy were helping a lot of AI projects and decentralized compute projects launched their own chains on EVM and I've been familiar with a kosh for a while and saw that there might be a strong fit. And so one just reach out and get feedback. Maybe there's some other gaps in our products that we need to build to be good for the AI and decentralized compute like industry, but we're playing on making some pretty big asymmetrical bit bets for teams like this and in the space. So So, a direct ass would be Hey maybe we help you launch a chain. The secondary ask would love to get feedback on what products we can build. That would be useful for projects that are similar to yours.

Tyler Wright: All right, I can follow up not really sure who talked to but I will make sure to follow up with you online about potential. Next steps there, if any. But again,…

Kyle Walden: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: again, sorry for if somebody misled you, we try to have a little bit more refined discussions at this part. But again, because you were here, I just wanted to give you some time to just talk for a second.

Kyle Walden: Hey, I appreciate it. It was cool listening and I've never been a part of something like this. So it was cool to watch and learned a lot and thanks for letting me hang on and listen so I really appreciate it.

Tyler Wright: Not much appreciate you and I'll follow up with you. I'm following this.

Kyle Walden: Awesome. Thanks, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Just want to see if there is any other topics that anybody wanted to discuss at this point.

Tyler Wright: All right, looking ahead again I'm sure there will be a number of updates made from the Akash Console product. Team on all the work that they've been doing began update from Archer. And as we look forward, there will I know some testing. Again, if you want to get involved in that testing, please make your voice heard and sick chain. There'll be a sick chain meeting. I think happening in the week or two, we'll talk more in depth, as we get ready, for what will be a massive constant SDK upgrade to customers at the k47. Again, there's a number of events coming up including Ray Summit as well, and sorry, I mean, that's a number of other items happening in October. There's just a number of things happening across the entire Akash ecosystem. I just want to shout out everybody here for all their efforts. Thank you for taking the time here today. For getting involved for making your voices. Heard, thank you to all. Those are listening in and watching this later, feel free.

Tyler Wright: To join a cigar working group, if you don't know which one to join, please just ask in general chatter, Ask an insider or myself. I'm about things that you're interested in and I know is again Console continues to mature. They'll be more opportunities to contribute there. I know there's again, a number of opportunities being created by SIG, design around the website, etc. So please look to get involved and we'll continue to again, appreciate those contributions. always the man with the last word. Go ahead Cheng.


### 00:30:00

Cheng Wang: Apologies, I come on, Andrew. Trying to wait for you, to finish up your beautiful, tie out. Now before I jump in here, but I definitely want to read Orade. The importance of the community here in the contributions. By everyone. mean just proof is in the pudding, and I want to put this in recording in and writing, and of course, everyone here to listen to live, So folks, obviously the maxes and the folks over, jigar in those and prayer to our kind of the og's, in the space, right? But just even recently, those who have contributed meaningfully to a caution like ZJ. Now, even his brother right are started off contributing in some light weight fashion that kind of continue to develop and now, essentially part of the core team, right? So that's been absolutely huge boon and then do me has been a huge moon and a find it in the community for us. And so, shout out to all of you guys there. and we're gonna probably work on something with a little bit more involvement with Domi as well, and so,

Cheng Wang: Please do come in if you're willing to do stuff for a cost, there's a lot of room to grow. We are still very early in the kind of the stages of development here. So all the help and all the expertise, we can get from an extremely technical and capable of community is super welcome. And so thank you again for all and please don't. There is a path to getting more involved in doing a lot of awesome things here, on a car show with us in the court, the greater team.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Cool. If there's nothing else. Then again, we can wrap up a little bit early. I know it's been a last meeting was quite long with all the active discussions, and now we're in a busy period with events. Thank you to Amanda in Zach, for all the updates, I gave on the events, hope you both get some rest along with Cheng, and Neil and others. And again, looking forward to a number of states and working groups as we look ahead. And please look to get involved. As have mentioned, as Cheng mentioned, if you need any help or support getting involved again, reach out to a member of the core team or an insider, we'll get you started, but much, appreciate all of you. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day, and I'm will continue to talk online and we'll see you in the middle verse

Tyler Wright: All right, guys. Bye-bye.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, Tyler. Bye.

Cheng Wang: Thank you, everyone.


### Meeting ended after 00:33:22 
