# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #22

## Agenda
- Community feedback, grievances, and conflicts.
- Updates on project boards and active bounties.
- Marketing and community initiatives, including recent announcements.
- NurIPS event updates and 2025 events proposal.
- Product and engineering updates, including Cosmos SDK 47 migration.
- GitHub discussions and governance proposals.
- Open floor for additional discussions and feedback.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, December 5th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://xkr2kbywumiw7y7cclz2z7uorfwxdwm6gsx4kvqqt3uy4qeirjya.arweave.net/uqOlBxajEW_j4hLzrP6OiW1x2Z40r8VWEJ7pjkCIinA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Cristiano
- Damien Walker
- Denis Lelic
- Dimokus
- Julius Haus
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- SoulBit
- Star Dev
- Ved Mohan
- Vontario Taylor
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback
- Tyler Wright highlighted the importance of addressing community feedback and conflicts transparently through SIGs and GitHub discussions.
- Benjamin B mentioned a marketing and support initiative, encouraging participation in an upcoming SIG discussion for detailed feedback.
- The Akash website has been updated with a dedicated calendar for tracking events and meetings, which will be the primary source of truth for scheduling.

### Project Boards and Bounties
- Project boards for community, marketing, product, and engineering initiatives were updated and made accessible.
- Community was encouraged to utilize the bounties tab for contributions and track updates on key roadmaps.
- The credit card payment feature on Akash Console was successfully launched, with over 100,000 impressions from marketing efforts.

### Marketing and Community Initiatives
- Zach Horn shared the success of the credit card payments rollout, which received over 100,000 impressions across channels.
- Akash Chat ("AkashGen") has gained traction with organic adoption.
- NurIPS event updates by Amanda Keay:
  - Hosting an AI social space with over 225 registrations.
  - A 10x20 booth and speaking engagements highlight Akash's presence.
  - High-level AI professionals, researchers, and academics expected to attend.
- Akash Navigators Program announced:
  - Focuses on providing technical support to new teams deploying on Akash.

### Core Engineering Updates
#### **Cosmos SDK 47 Migration**
- Artur Troian reported successful completion of the first phase of testnet migration.
- Phase two will test client APIs for Golang and TypeScript in the coming weeks.
- Improvements in provider stability and quality of life updates, such as switching from Cgroups V2 to V1, are underway.

#### **Client Engineering and Console 2.0**
- Anil Murty highlighted major updates:
  - Credit card payments and free trials are live.
  - A new deploy page on Akash Console introduces streamlined workflows for different developer types.
  - Upcoming features:
    - Auto-top-up worker to prevent deployments from running out of funds.
    - Notification system for low escrow balances.
    - Beta release of provider console with opportunities for community feedback.

### Governance Proposals
#### **2025 Events Proposal**
- Zach Horn shared the strategy for reallocating budgets to focus on high-value events, including ETH Denver, Nvidia GTC, Token 2049, and NurIPS.
- Smaller events will maintain a lean presence to reduce travel overhead while maximizing impact.
- Community feedback was invited via GitHub discussions.

#### **Enhanced User Logging Proposal**
- Identified as an example of a proposal requiring more community feedback before moving forward.

#### **Zealy Phase 3**
- Weekly calls and discussions continue to shape missions and improve developer engagement.

### Transparency and Reporting
- Scott Hewitson emphasized the importance of [community pool spend transparency](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/community-pool-spend-reporting).
- End-of-year reconciliation efforts will ensure proper fund allocation and unused funds returned to the community pool.
- Updates on spending will be published in a community report.

### Open Floor Discussions
- Benjamin B briefly discussed a marketing and support initiative and invited participation in a SIG Community Call on December 10.
- Robert Del Rey announced that steering committee videos are now being uploaded to Akashâ€™s YouTube channel, providing an additional resource for community engagement.

## Action Items
- Tyler Wright will ensure updates to SIG and working group calendars are reflected on the Akash website.
- Amanda Keay and Zach Horn will collect community feedback on the 2025 events proposal and finalize plans for NeurIPS.
- Artur Troian will initiate phase two of SDK 47 testing and continue provider stability enhancements.
- Scott Hewitson will publish year-end transparency reports on community funding and reconcile unspent funds.
- Robert Del Rey will continue uploading steering committee videos to YouTube and coordinate future releases.
- Anil Murty will oversee the rollout of auto-topup features and share updates on the provider console beta.
- Benjamin B will prepare for the SIG community discussion on marketing initiatives.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash Steering Committee. This is a monthly meeting that takes place usually at the end of each month as a roundup to many of the SIGs and working groups that happen throughout the month. Again, if anybody is interested, we've gotten a lot of participation across a number of sts and working groups.  That's something that we want to continue to grow over as we move into 2025 and beyond. It's a great way for again work to get done very efficiently and quickly. If anybody wants to see you can go to the website get involved section and then specifically on that page you can get a calendar of all the events. Again we had the working group for the class website earlier today.

Tyler Wright: steering committee obviously here and then you can see the meetings for the rest of the month in this calendar is the source of truth. We have historically been using discord events but discord events has a mind of its own and so it's been tough to manage. I've removed all the past events and looking to start fresh with the working group website as well as the steering committee today and I'll look to continue to add meetings to the events so that you have that as a secondary place to track the six and the working groups but again is the main source of truth is currently on the website. So again feel free to look there to see where you can get involved etc.

Tyler Wright: All as we always do, you can track what happens on a monthly basis. on the steering committee inside the community repo, you can see all the notes, transcripts, and recordings from past meetings.  Again, usually this meeting happens at the end of every month, but because of Thanksgiving, a number of other holidays, as well as again the next meeting, which would normally be sometime between Christmas and New Year, the decision was made to have an AA steering committee meeting at the beginning of this month and that this will be the last AOS steering committee meeting of 2024 and then again we'll have another Akash steering committee meeting January 9th.

Tyler Wright: 2025 where again we'll get ourselves ready for another great All right. the typical agenda you can find here. Again, if anybody has any agenda items that they want to cover in more specifically, please drop them in the chat and we'll make sure we cover those. Just a couple of callouts. I know Greg is usually here. just checking to see.  I know that he's recovering from some health stuff, nothing too serious, but some dental stuff that he got done, I believe, just yesterday. So, I think he's just getting himself back up to speed. He'll be looking at the recording and the notes and transcript from this meeting. So, again, we'll continue to move forward. One of the first things that we do as a part of the agenda is review, discuss, and address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.

Tyler Wright: Again, we often talk about some of these things in specific special interest groups, but I just want to see if there was anybody here that had anything that they wanted to discuss in terms of the working group, SIGs, the Kosh community in general. Anything that anybody want to talk about at this time?  Go ahead, Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I have one thing I want to quickly present in this meeting in regard to marketing and support.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good. usually we would do that inside some sort of SIG or working group first like SIG design so that we can get some feedback at the special interest group level before we take some time in the steering committee. is there an active discussion in GitHub or is it just a living document that you wanted to discuss?

Benjamin B: It's more of a living document for now and I just wanted to openly mention the plan to put it on GitHub and to have it in another SIG just so everyone here is aware of it because this is the last one for this year. and we're hoping to have it done before the end of the year.  So, we're going to present it more thoroughly in a SIG, but just wanted to get the word

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I can maybe set aside 30 seconds or a minute at the end of the call, but it would be great to discuss it first in SIG design with folks that are thinking about that all the time. But yes, I'll add some time at the end. Thank you for dropping that in. Again, if anybody has anything else that they want to add or discuss, feel free to drop it in the chat.  But is there anything community feedback, grievances, conflicts or otherwise that anybody wants to discuss before we move on with All next part of the agenda is around the project boards. Again, there is a project board for the K community and marketing initiatives.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: This is again as you can read community and marketing related projects and other in the community and marketing initiatives board you can also find access to active bounties. there's a specific bounties tab and obviously there's a core product and engineering road map that we go through and is again transparent and available to the public.  I know that there's a lot going on and obviously many of you all have seen the announcement from the marketing team. Shout out Zach and everyone else around credit card payments. before we go into the announcement I do want to again shout out the product team engineering team for all the work that they have done over the last couple of months. community members that helped test it along the way and gave feedback.

Tyler Wright: It's been a great effort by many members of our core team led by Anneil. So I just want to shout out Anneil and the rest of the product team for all the work that they've been doing. they've outlined console 2.0 I think many months ago and have just been continuing to chip away at all the advancements. So just want to shout them out. We might talk a little bit about the specifics around fiat payments on the kosh console during the proc engineering roadmap but I did want to see if there's anything Zach wanted to specifically talk around in terms of again the marketing around fiat payments akos chat which is now aos gen. So we'll start with some marketing efforts and then we'll hop into some product andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, thanks D.

Tyler Wright: engineering efforts after that.

Zach Horn: We had a great roll out for credit card payments this morning. over 100,000 total impressions at this point. really solid and that's across channels and obviously shout out to the product team for getting that across the finish line. I mean there's all kinds of things you can say about it but this is a huge milestone now that people can pay with credit cards. It just opens up a massive total addressable market that we can start to really target in So, it's obviously huge. in terms of a cost gen, I'm not sure if Julius is on the call, but it's been really great. I mean, since we launched it, we now are starting to see some organic adoption of it. People are using it for all kinds of things, including memes, which is great to because it's so easy to use. I would say that is it with the high level on both of those. I want to spend a bit of time on the events proposal that Amanda just live yesterday.

Zach Horn: So, let's jump over to that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that was going to be the main topic during the discussions portion now that it's live. So, we could save that for maybe 10 minutes from now.

Zach Horn: Perfect. Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: But much one of the other things I just want to call out is again there have been a number of people that have been participating in the working group for the Akash website. shout out to Dennis and Ox Bowl Panther Zach and others for their participation, leadership, etc. obviously the Kosh network website is open source. there's a number of people from the core team as well as a community that join calls on a weekly basis to discuss website updates and implement them.  there's a very very active group of folks that see issues in the website repo and are just very very quick to look to contribute. So again appreciate that group that's continuing to grow.

Tyler Wright: if anybody here wants to get involved with the website again there's a website repo so you can kind of track and see the kind of rules and operating procedures and then again there is a weekly working group that happens on Thursdays for folks that want to join and you can also get involved in discord channel and make your voice heard. I know Amanda will be discussing the 2025 events proposal that's on GitHub during the discussion section but I know that Nurups is coming up which is a big event. So I just wanted to pass it back to Zach andor Amanda to talk a little bit about Nurups which is going to be happening next week.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, happy to share a little bit. those of you who have been following the main accounts as well as myself and Zach and a lot of the other team members have posted about an AI social space that we're going to be having Monday and Tuesday of next week. it's right down the road from the main Vancouver Convention Center and basically what we're doing is we're hosting a series of talks. Bentetszer is actually coming into our space and having one of their events and we're going to be providing compute for people that want to work as well as just a place for people to meet up and basically a working space and so far we have over 225 registrations for both that and the happy hour that we're doing in the evening.


### 00:10:00

Amanda Keay: a lot of really good highlevel people that are going to be in the space, a lot of research and academic folks. really excited to have our presence there and have a home base where we can just connect with people in Nurups. We are also just hosting a couple other events that week. Greg is going to be doing a talk at the main venue on Tuesday morning. looking forward to that.  And then we have one of our bigger booths for the year a 10 by 20 booth in the main area of the Nurup's convention center. So really excited about that. We have seven six people from our team going. and it's going to be a full week. it'll be my first AI conference. So I'm very excited. And I guess yeah, that kind of leads into our events proposal for next year.

Amanda Keay: But this is kind of one of the bigger AI conferences in the North America. really excited to get our hands dirty there. So excited.

Zach Horn: One thing that I'll Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Zuck.

Zach Horn: one thing that I'll just say at a high level is, obviously I want to respect the privacy of the folks that have registered for the social space because that list isn't public, but based on the signups we have currently, I mean, we really do have some very high level folks that are going to be there. so it'll be great to see them in person. Think really a wide selection of the Ivy League, some of the institutions that you see, at the highest levels of the AI space. So that's a testament to Amanda's ability to put together an event and the brand in general. But just to highlight this is really going to be a great opportunity for the core team to be in person with some of these folks that are literally at the frontier of AI. So really looking forward to that and obviously shout out Amanda for putting that together.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Zack, and thank you, Amanda, as always. again, there is a working group and, people can ask questions in Discord, but for those that are going, again, they may be a little bit slower to respond than normal. So, again, look out for that next week. and I know that this has been talked about in SIG community by Adam but again coming out of these events initiatives there are parts of the Kosh insiders program that are involved in taking some of these relationships that get made at many of these events and continuing to push them along continuing to get teams and individuals to deploy on Akos become providers etc.

Tyler Wright: there is a group forming there's a discord channel for it that's through the insiders called the Akash navigators that's a program of again technical folks in the community that are Akash insiders that are looking to get more involved and provide technical support to again teams that come through discord or individuals that come through discord that are looking to u maybe get some technical help on an FDL or setting up a provider etc. obviously we have the vanguards that provide support in in all channels rather in discord over the 24 by7 365 but the kosh navigators program is more technical kind of handholding solutions engineerbased program. So again many of many folks here came from the aos insiders call that just ended.

Tyler Wright: If you want to get involved, there have been some updates made to the Akash network website where you can learn a little bit more about the Akash Insiders program. and then you can look to apply and get more involved because again there's a number of programs like the Akos Navigators, Ring Masters, which is folks that want to do in-person events. there's an education group again there's the vanguards which are there in discord and telegram to make sure that folks get kind of high level questions answered as quickly as possible. So there's a number of vehicles coming out of community initiatives. I know that Adam is going to be putting forth he's been having discussions with insiders and other members of the community and core team.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I know there's going to be some followup in terms of a proposal for 2025 on the community side as well that should be coming next week. But I just want to highlight again how all these things that we're doing are kind of part of a larger plan. we go to these events as Zach mentioned and we do a great job of, hosting these events, bringing a lot of industry leaders together and, we don't just leave those relationships, we continue to push them along and get them deployed on Akos. So, again, shout out, everybody involved for all that they do. Adam, I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to discuss on the community side before we maybe jump over to the product and engineering roadmap.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, thanks no, I think you covered everything nicely. the big push will be next week when we put up the community support and kind of ecosystem growth governance proposal for 2025 to GitHub discussions. Been talking with insiders, folks from overclock, vanguards, a bunch of people and getting feedback and I think it's at a really good spot right now. So early next week is when we should put on our GitHub discussions and it should be open for about a week or two. so send us your feedback. Let us know what you think of it because it's going to help fund a lot of these programs Tyler was just mentioning. So, thanks guys.

Tyler Wright: Anyone have any questions on anything community or marketing related before we jump into product and engineering roadmap updates? Cool. I just heard a hand.  Go ahead, Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Sag, I don't know if it's possible if you can send me the video you use for the Twitter post and I can do a post on YouTube as well.

Zach Horn: That would be the post for the announcement this morning.

Robert Del Rey: Yes. Yes, exactly that.

Zach Horn: Yeah, absolutely. You can download it right on Twitter, but I'll send that over to you.

Robert Del Rey: 

Rodri R: You need to be premium.

Robert Del Rey: I'm premium. You're telling me s***? No, just kidding. But yeah, I have also Twitter premium because the reason was that I could download videos. So, I'm surprised I cannot download it yet.

Tyler Wright: All right.

Robert Del Rey: But yeah, if you could send the video file, that'd be awesome. In the meantime,

Zach Horn: Yeah, absolutely. I will send that your way.

Tyler Wright: Continuing to move along with the agenda. Again, there's a number of special interest groups where we talk about these things in more detail. We have the sick providers where we get constant updates from Dval and Jigger on everything related to their efforts around console 2.0  know and the experience in a kosh console there are a number of other sig clients and a number of other calls where we talk specifically around some of these efforts so I don't want to have the core engineering team and the product team have to go through things in great detail but yes I do want to see if there's anything high level that anybody  body on the core engineering team wants to discuss.

Tyler Wright: I know one big effort from the core engineering side besides the Cosmos SDK up migration from version 45 to 47 again there was a test net that happened recently phase one in that test net has been complete thank you to all those from the community that participated I know that's a big effort that's moving into it next phase as well as pod stability that's something that the core engineering team has been actively working on so I see Archer's hand up I'll hand it over to Archer  Yeah.

Artur Troian: Thanks Yeah I'll try to just sort of summarize core engineering efforts here and what going to be next plan coming up next year. So absolutely right the first phase of the test net to migrate DK47 has been completed and it was pretty much success. There were just minor few bugs that we have fixed. Right now team is working on transitioning to the phase two which is going to be a broader kind of net.  We're going to test all of the clients APIs for the main languages in this case the Golang and TypeScript. hopefully so team is still working on the TypeScript part where Golang part has been completed and hopefully in the next maybe week or two we should be able to kick off the phase two of the test net. moving on to the other important things especially for the providers.


### 00:20:00

Artur Troian: There have been a couple of issues related to the provider stability as well as the just old bugs that started to reveal themselves and team has spent a good amount of effort to fix them and hopefully with the next upcoming releases the provider stability is going to be much more way better it used to be in the past. as well as just the quality of life improvements like switching downgrading from C groups V2 to V1 which improves user experience quite dramatically.  I think that is governor.

Tyler Wright: Thank Again, there's a SIG chain special interest group where Archer leads the group through things related to network upgrades. we got validators in there, other folks on that side that are focused on the blockchain and there's discussions there. Again, there's a sick providers special interest group where folks talk about just a clash provider related items. there's sik clients where we get updates on AOS console and anybody else building on top of Akos you get updates on AOSJS and AOS API Terraform providers etc. so again there's a number of specific special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month that you can see the video and you can get involved in to ask very specific questions on some of these topics. But appreciate Archer talking about them talking about next steps.

Tyler Wright: Again, I covered some of the stuff that goes on and some of the updates that we get from Jigger and Dval. Again, if anybody wants to see demo of where the Akos provider inside the console experience, you can look at the meeting from October where I believe Jigger and Dval gave a demo. and obviously the big announcement around fiat payments on Akos console launching today. So, there's just been a lot going on the product side.  I just want to see if there's anything else that Anneil or anybody else wanted to discuss related to product at this time and don't feel oblashed.

Anil Murty: Yeah, everybody. So first off there is a separate project board for the client engineering and product road maps. If you go back to projects you should see it now. I think it was set to private. I just changed it to public. So if you refresh this page, you should see it. If you don't, I'll go fix it. but essentially what we realized is that there was a lot of items going on across and it was getting really hard to manage them in a single board and so we have created a separate board for everything client side.

Anil Murty: So this is console any other clients that may be worked on by the community it is the API it's any SDKs that we built all of that stuff goes into this so it's a clear road map that talks about anything client side in terms of the actual things obviously the two biggest things that went out recently are credit card payments and free trials and then of course we also updated the new deploy page within console so some of you may have seen it  We haven't done a full marketing announcement around it yet. So don't go off and talk about it in the public just yet, but if you go into console and click on deploy, what you'll see is a brand new page with very clear sort of workflows for different types of developers.

Anil Murty: And so I'll be working with our marketing team on a blog post describing the reasoning and the rational for why we created that page and how it solves the needs of different types of developers whether they're coming from an AWS EC2 type of instance or coming from a versell type of application or they're container native or they're very akash friendly. So each of those developers now has a unique and well thought out workflow within console.  So that's the other big thing. so those two are pretty much released at this point. and we'll be doing marketing around them in the next few weeks. what's coming up next is two things.

Anil Murty: Number one is as most of you probably are aware anybody that's used Akash or used console is aware one of the big challenges that customers and users face today is that you create a deployment in console or any CLI other client and you have a lease and over time there's money that gets spent out of the lease and if you don't keep an eye on that wallet that is funding that escrow account then you run out of funds within that escro balance

Anil Murty: and your lease closes, So to address that issue where a lease closes and people end up with deployments that are no longer running, we're going to implement two features. The first feature is going to be what we're calling an auto topup worker. And item that you see, which is item number two in progress, that is basically the auto topup worker feature. And that's pretty close actually to going into testing.  So, you'll probably see it going into testing in the next week or two. and once that's implemented, basically users will be able to go and configure a authorized amount for topping up their espro balances and that way they'll never run out. the next thing we'll work on which is in the same sort of problem space but a separate feature. It's for people that don't want us to auto top up but just want to get alerted on the escro balance.


### 00:25:00

Anil Murty: So we're going to implement a integrated alert and notification system within console that basically alert the users at their email address when their escore balance runs low below a certain threshold that they can configure within the UI. that is in the backlog right now but we're actively working on designs for that with our design team and the community and so look for that to be coming up as well. and then after the other thing that is coming up probably in the next two weeks I would think is the provider console initial release.

Anil Murty: So, Jigga, Deal and myself have been iterating a lot on cleaning up the designs for the latest provider console and watch for a message in the discord channels in the next few days where we'll share the beta version of the provider console and would love to see if anybody has any feedback on the designs for the pages or if somebody can test out the functionality by setting up a provider or two through it that would be a great effort as well.  So those are probably the three biggest things that coming up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Neil for all those updates. Again, you could see this new client and product and engineer client product and engineering roadmap in the section of the AOS network organization in GitHub. So again, these are transparent boards.  I know that there will be some cleanups made to the core engineering board as well over the next couple of days week so that again as we move into 2025 you can see a clear picture on what's going on from the community client product side, core engineering etc. So again there'll be a number of ways we can see what's happening on the road map see where you can get involved support in a number of ways.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate Denal Arur everybody for putting this stuff together. Does anyone have any questions or anything else they want to talk about related to client product and engineering or just core engineering before we move on? All right. next part of the agenda is around GitHub discussions. Again as a role we try to have folks that are getting a number of pieces of feedback on their GitHub discussions. so there's a lot of activity. the folks are here. the conversations have been talked about in SIGs and working groups and have been vetted through the special interest group and working group process before they come to the steering committee. That's usually the process that we like to go through.

Tyler Wright: I do want to remind everybody and this is going to be a repeat of what I said in the Akos insider call but the community of the Akos network is so strong and it's very much appreciated. I know that so many people have strong opinions about a lot of things and we want to keep those opinions. I just ask that when people have opinions about anything they put those in the specific GitHub discussions. I know out to me privately.  a number of people reach out to other members of the core team or other members of the community privately. I beg that you all can continue to use the discussions because what we don't want to happen is folks put up discussions, they don't get a lot of feedback, they think everything is all right and then as soon as the prop goes live on chain then a number of people are reaching out in public channels and giving their feedback.

Tyler Wright: At that point, we try to put in a structure and again you can see Scott Huittson, myself and Adam Wazny with help from other members of the core team spent a great deal of time trying to update the Kash governance proposal structure so that it's very clear on the steps for folks to be successful and again we ask for the community to continue to participate in public channels as often as they can to give feedback so  that again folks can get the proper feedback before putting things on Perfect. Anyone have any questions on that before I jump into some of these discussions? All right. we'll start with the top. Zach and Amanda talked about this at the beginning of the call.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: It was a working group session. You can see the transcript, the notes, and the video that I've added here. but I'll hand it back over to Amanda to talk a little bit about the Akash 2025 events proposal and then see if there's any feedback from anybody in the community.  Excellent.

Zach Horn: Ty, Amanda had to step away from the meeting. She asked if I would just give it a quick overview. So we talked about this a few times in various meetings. We had a working group meeting a couple weeks ago. At the highest level, what we did this year was essentially attend lots of events across the board and spread the budget pretty evenly.  What we want to do going into 2025 is start to concentrate the budget towards the larger events so that we're essentially taking more of that budget, putting it towards the higher value events that we know are very valuable and then decreasing the budget at smaller events where we still want to have a presence but maybe we don't need to put a lot of budget towards it. So I'll keep it very high level because there's a lot of detail in the proposal that anyone please feel free to go in and read it and give us any feedback you have.

Zach Horn: At the highest level, the strategy is taking everything we learned from this year, taking roughly the same amount of budget at the high for the total year, allocating more towards these larger events. So the big four for next year, E Denver, Nvidia GTC, Token 2049, Singapore, and Nurips Vancouver. going really big at those events, having a middle tier that's slightly below that, but is smaller than it was this year.  and then a third tier that is essentially just attending with very little presence. So that's going to do two big things. it gets us a larger activation of those big events that we know are valuable. It reduces the travel overhead on the team. So if there's a smaller event that we maybe don't need everyone at, it keeps things a little leaner, which is good for everyone because travel burnout is a real thing. and then at the smallest events, it still gets us some kind of presence without burning too much budget and overhead and all those things.

Zach Horn: So, it's essentially taking what we did this year, taking it into next year, reallocating some things without pushing the total budget too far. So, we're essentially doing more with the same amount. if anyone has any questions right now, I'm happy to run through anything. Otherwise, I would just ask that you jump in, read through this. If you have feedback, feel free to leave a comment in the discussion and we'll get back to Cool.

Tyler Wright: Thank you again. there's a working group channel. but I would ask that everybody leave their feedback inside the GitHub discussion. I know that there's a couple of folks that have talked about specific events that they I would say maybe those specific events can be added inside the working group or maybe those folks can come to the next SIG community call to talk about those events.  And I believe it's a part of this, 2025 events budget. There is overages for other things that come out or come up. so again, there's some additional funds there. But if anybody has any questions, comments, approval, whatever, please leave comments inside this discussion and then again the team will take next steps from there.

Tyler Wright: All again, there was a proposal that went on chain a few weeks ago related to enhanced user logging. Believe the person that put that proposal on is not here right now. but obviously the community had some issues with the proposal as it stood today as did the steering committee.  believe that the client and product team are going to be meeting again with that team and then figuring out next steps before again this moves forward any further. But again, this is a perfect example of a lot of folks not participating in a discussion until it went on chain. So that's something that we would like to actively avoid in the future.

Tyler Wright: Continuing along, this is another proposal that did go on chain and this was kind of the opposite. This group has had working group sessions for the past year. This came out of a pilot that Robert and Benjamin had outlined last year. this is the third phase. They have working group calls. They talk about in a number of steering committees, get feedback from the community, push for feedback. they call upon people in the community to give feedback.  This is a program that has passed on chain right now and so phase three is I believe already underway. There are weekly Zeli calls that happen on Mondays and there is an active working group channel in Discord called the working group Zeli channel where Robert and Benjamin and other members of that Zeli group come together and go through many of the missions outlined by the Zeli team.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: If anybody wants to get involved in mission creation, again, please feel free to join that Zeli working group session on Monday. I know that Robert and Benjamin are very receptive to feedback from members of the community and look to implement it right away. So, just shout out to all the work that's been happening on the pilot phase, phase one and two with the developer online program. You can see stats about past phases inside the discussion. but again we'll look forward to see what happens in this Any questions or comments there? Cool. One thing I also wanted to call out and I'm going to pass the mic over to Scott Huittson.

Tyler Wright: Scott has been doing a great job of making sure that folks in the community, whether they're Vanguards or other contributors, get paid in a timely fashion. He's been managing a number of wallets on behalf of Overclock and again has been working very closely with members of the community that also manage wallets to make sure they're practicing best practices. I know as we end the year, Scott's going to be doing a fair amount of reconciliation work. So, we don't have to go into great detail, but I just wanted to pass the mic to Huie real fast. as we're talking about some of the GitHub discussions that then turn into proposals that go on chain and then have been passed, and there's community pool funds that go into various wallets. So, I just want to hand over to Scott real briefly,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: on. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: to talk about, some of those reconciliation efforts that he'll be doing over the next 15 days.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks, we've been using the community pool. The community pool has been filled. it's being filled by inflationary rewards. we're encouraging folks to use the community pool. it's a public goods resource for everybody to build in the same direction. what he's talking about all the reconciliation stuff. So overclock we put up props there's been events community support accelerate the provider incentives there's tons of props how we request funds how we liquidate funds it's over the past two years we've learned quite a bit and we talked quite a bit about it in SIG economics on Wednesday or yesterday.

Scott Hewitson: but yeah, there's the link I dropped it's in the community repo. It's just like community pool spend reporting. So everything that overclock has put up for props. We're going to have basically transparency reports showing how we're spending or how the funds are going. not every prop that get goes up and passes is from overclock.  So, it's an area where any team can put any reporting or any kind of transparency call outs that they want. but yeah, towards the end of the year, the yearly ones like to close out and if there's excess funds, we'll send back to the community pool. but yeah, so by the end of the year, this page will be updated with basically everything and any dashboards that go along with it.

Scott Hewitson: So, let me know if you got any questions or yeah, I mean, I'm always happy to help folks find ways to get money in the ecosystem.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, feel free to reach out to Scott, myself or others, pardon me, from the core team if you need any help understanding governance proposal, the structure, reporting etc.  This is something as a part of this open framework of the Akos network we are very interested in being as transparent as possible for the greater community. We ask that all teams and individuals be as transparent as possible but again as a core team at Overclock we're going to do our best to lead by example and just be good stewards and be as transparent whenever we can.  So, please if any other teams that got money from the community pool want to put up spending reports, we encourage that, but look out for updates from Scott and other members of the team as the year ends.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: again one thing that I do want to call out is and we talked about this in the governance proposal work is just taking into account obviously volatility of AKT as we go through some of these proposals and again that's a finding from 2024 just kind of building in what makes sense to be like a buffer for volatility and then again being good stewards

Tyler Wright: And if anything is left outside of those efforts to returning them to the community, Tulsa. Thank you, just want to see if there's any other discussions that anybody wanted to touch those are all that I had on All right.  We're at the portion of the agenda where we have an open discussion. I've been asking if anybody wants to see or wants to add anything as an agenda item during the open discussion. I know that Benjamin talked about marketing work that is again work in progress work.

Tyler Wright: Benjamin, I will give you 30 seconds, but it would be best if again we can just point people in the direction as a call to action to join the SIG design meeting, which I believe is happening very soon, if next week, December 11th, so we can talk about this in more detail before again any potential next steps. This is kind of outside of the structure of how we would like to do things. but I'll give you 30 seconds to just talk at a high level and push people towards a sink design.

Benjamin B: Thank you I just want to mention that I think the SIG community call is actually better for this. I will place some links for the current document and I just want to mention that it's focusing mainly on creating a marketing and support team driven by the community. If you have any questions next week, we would love to answer all of them.  Then go.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, if anybody wants to be added to the SIG community call for December 10th, please let me know. Otherwise, it's on the calendar and again, we'll talk more specifics. Feel free to read up on the link that Benjamin just dropped in the chat ahead of that meeting so that again we can be as efficient about getting feedback and continuing to make updates from there. But thank you, Benjamin, for dropping that in. and setting up some time for community next week. Awesome. I just wanted to see if there's anything else on the discussion side that anybody wanted to cover right now. If not, then again, while this is the last steering committee go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks Real quick just wanted to let everybody know that the steering committee monthly call videos are uploaded in a cache YouTube. At the moment we have published five videos so far and they're scheduled to go out each week. hopefully we can get current in the next few months. but yeah, go to a cash YouTube and watch the videos and let me know what you think.

Tyler Wright: Thank I'll do a quick shout out for the Kosh YouTube working group channel. Again, this is an effort led by members of the community to continue to improve the Akos YouTube channel. It's another place for exploration. Obviously, we have all of the steering committee videos live on Arweave and you can access them via the GitHub.  you can track all the notes, all the transcriptions, all that kind of stuff that's in GitHub. But again, there's other folks that use YouTube as an exploration tool or it just says might have a better user experience. and so we wanted to make it easy for people to find the steering committee calls and some of the other calls will be added over time. So just another way for people to access calls.

Tyler Wright: Bontario, I see that you put something related to the event next week. there was a lot of discussion around Nurups that Amanda talked about at the top of the call and I believe she's no longer here. I can drop in the video very quickly after here or again if you have any specific questions about the event next week then we can drop those in the insider channel. Cool. I saw a hand go up and then it went down.


### 00:45:00

Robert Del Rey: It was me,â€¦

Tyler Wright: So no,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: Just to confirm, did we have a steering comedy call in November? I'm not sure.

Tyler Wright: no, we didn't.

Robert Del Rey: No, we didn't. Right.

Tyler Wright: So, basically because of the holidays, and I mentioned this at the top of the call, because of the holidays and folks like traveling, and because of how the schedule plays itself out in December with holidays at the end of the year. today is the last for  Our next steering committee call after this will be January 9th to start off 2025. a number of proposals will probably be on chain. It may have passed by then. There'll be a number of updates to various road mapaps. So again, we did last year, we'll start off the year I think it's the first Thursday is the day after New Year's Day.

Tyler Wright: but it'll be that January 9th we'll get together as a community and it'll be a great kickoff to 125 and all that's going on. Are there any other questions or discussion points that anybody wants to discuss at this time? if not, again, much appreciate everyone's time, effort, energy, participation in these steering commit calls. Shout out to the steering committee for all that they do and helping to push the direction of the community. Thank you to the community for all that you do.

Tyler Wright: And we ask that again as we continue to push this again. We have another year under our belt of this open framework. We urge people to continue to get involved, continue to make their voice heard on how they can contribute, ways in which they want to contribute. as Scott mentioned, there's the community pools a resource for everybody. There's community support proposal for folks that want to do bounties. There's a number of ways to get involved.  So as we head into 2025, I think this Akash has great momentum and we want to continue to just roll downhill. So appreciate everyone's effort. we will have a number of SIGs and working groups throughout the month. If you need anything from me, feel free to reach out. But really excited to see what happens in 2025. And thank you all again for all that you do.

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and again this recording and transcription will be made available soon. take a look at all the other takes and working groups where you can track videos recordings, notes, etc. Shout out to George for all that he does and helping out with the notes. but again much appreciate everyone Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. if I don't talk to you in a sig working group, I hope everyone has a great rest of their month, a great happy holiday season, and really looking forward to all that we'll be doing in 2025 and Appreciate y'all.

Scott Hewitson: And thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Have a great rest of the day.

Scott Hewitson: Ty, for running these so well.

Rodri R: for sure.

Tyler Wright: My pleasure.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you T.

Cheng Wang: did up.

Tyler Wright: Appreciate you all.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you team.

Cheng Wang: Absolutely. Thank you, T. Happy holidays,â€¦

Rodri R: You all guys.

Benjamin B: Thank you

Cheng Wang: everyone. Happy New Year.

Tyler Wright: See you all.


### Meeting ended after 01:01:57 ðŸ‘‹
