## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Community feedback, grievances, and conflicts.
- Review updates to project boards.
- Discuss Akash Console 2.0 developments and related testing.
- Updates on Cosmos SDK 47 migration and testnets.
- Review 2025 events and marketing initiatives.
- Updates on community proposals and funding initiatives.
- Open floor for discussions and additional agenda items.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, January 9th, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Zach Horn
- Zeke Ezagui


## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback
- Tyler Wright emphasized the importance of SIGs and working groups for fostering discussions and contributing to Akash Network's growth.
- Encouraged community members to participate in discussions through GitHub, Discord, and SIG meetings.

### Project Boards Review
- Project boards for client products, core engineering, and community/marketing initiatives were reviewed.
- Transparent updates are accessible on GitHub for anyone to track or provide feedback.
- Recent efforts highlighted:
  - Continued work on Akash Console 2.0.
  - Dedicated board for client-side features, including APIs and SDKs.

### Akash Console 2.0 Updates
- Anil Murty provided key updates:
  - The provider console is in beta testing with insiders, designed to streamline Kubernetes setup and provider management.
  - Expected general availability: Late January to early February.
  - Community contributions sought for updating documentation.
  - New features in development:
    - Automatic escrow top-up system.
    - Notification system for low escrow balance alerts.
    - Enhanced APIs for Golang and JavaScript.

### Cosmos SDK 47 Migration
- Artur Troian shared the following updates:
  - Testnet 6 has been running stably for 30 days, with more testing planned.
  - Finalizing Golang API and TypeScript support for SDK 47.
  - Expanded documentation hosted on GitHub Pages to improve accessibility.
  - Decision pending on intermediate upgrades for authz module query efficiency.
  - Migration from Cgroups v2 to v1 for improved provider stability.

### Community Proposals and Funding
- Adam Wozney announced two community proposals for activities and programs, both expected to pass imminently.
- Scott Hewitson highlighted transparency in community pool spending:
  - Updated reports available in the community repo.
  - Community members encouraged to adopt similar reporting practices for increased accountability.

### Events and Marketing Updates
- Amanda Keay detailed upcoming events:
  - EthDenver in February: Akash will have a custom booth, multiple speaking engagements, and side events.
  - Nvidia GTC in March: Planning is underway for significant participation.
  - Q1 events proposal to be finalized and shared on GitHub soon.
- Zach Horn announced:
  - A 2024 recap blog published as a summary of achievements and future goals.
  - Updates to the Akash Chat UI, with a modernized version launching soon.

### Open Floor Discussions
- BoldPanther presented a proposal to expand language support for Akash Console deployments, including Go, Python, and CMS platforms.
- Encouraged community members to engage in the GitHub discussion for feedback.

## Action Items
- Tyler Wright will oversee roadmap updates and communicate key announcements via Discord.
- Anil Murty to finalize provider console beta testing and documentation updates.
- Artur Troian to continue SDK 47 testnet testing and documentation enhancements.
- Amanda Keay to publish the Q1 events proposal and coordinate EthDenver preparations.
- Scott Hewitson to ensure transparency in community pool spending through updated reports.
- Community members are encouraged to participate in discussions, test beta features, and contribute to documentation and events.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. to the first Akash steering committee monthly meeting of usually the Akash steering committee monthly meetings happen at the end of each month with a scheduling around the holidays in 20 Again, we had no meeting in November of 2024.  had a cost steering committee monthly meeting to start December 2024 and then said that we're going to start off the year here today with a costering committee meeting like we've done in the past. and then we will have another one at the end of the month typically scheduled. So much appreciate everybody making the time to join us today.

Tyler Wright: Again, all notes from past meetings can be found inside the class network organization inside the community repo. There is a specific area for the steering committee and a number of other SIGs and working groups that happen throughout the month. There's also quick access to a schedule where you can track all the various SIGs and working group topics. Join any of these meetings are open to the various working groups and SIGs talk about specific themes throughout the month. bounties come from those discussions and again be great for folks to continue to get involved and contribute across a number of different themes impacting the AOS network. We have SIGs for SIG chain which is everything related to the blockchain.

Tyler Wright: SIG support which we had yesterday which discusses all things related to issues inside the support repo that affect the core product the working group for the kosh websites and a number of other SIGs and working groups that happen throughout the month for the steering committee there's a typical agenda that we follow we review discuss address any community feedback then we go into project boards where we look at project boards for clients for core engineering as well as

Tyler Wright: marketing and community and then if there's any active discussions usually we try to bring discussions up in specific SIGs and working groups get some feedback actively there before again we have the discussion here at the steering committee but that's a part of our agenda and then if there's any other topics anyone wants to discuss we save that for the end of the agenda if anybody has anything that they want to discuss during this meeting feel free to add it in the chat and then

Tyler Wright: Again, we'll add it to that last portion before we look ahead. Cool. As we always do, we like to start off the meeting with reviewing, discussing, and addressing any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts. Just want to see if there's anything that anybody here wants to discuss as it pertains to SIGs, working groups, or anything in the Akash community. All moving right along again one of the next items is to review the project boards. You can find the again inside the Akash network organization inside projects. There's a board that's for so everything related to console and some other efforts that the client team is working on.

Tyler Wright: then core product and engineering which is everything it sounds like and then again another board for all things related to community and marketing initiatives and events as well. These boards will continue to get fine-tuned through again internal meetings through SIGs and working groups. So again look for updates but these are transparent boards that anybody has access to and can leave comments, questions add issues that we can discuss here at other meetings.  So again, these are always available to anybody in the Akash community. All right, I know there's a number of things that are happening. I do want to start off today with all a number of efforts happening on the client side. there's been a fair amount of work that's gone on over the last couple of weeks that's been discussed and beyond really around console 2.0

Tyler Wright: no efforts and bringing their provider experience inside Jigger and Dval who have been doing a lot of work as a part of the client team have give given demos and talked extens extensively at sick providers meetings over the past three or four months giving updates to the community on all the work that they've been doing.  There's been a active group of people that are testing a beta version of the provider experience through console right now and giving feedback u reporting any bugs and issues. So I know that's a big effort that's in testing right now among again some of these other things that are you could see on the board.  I do want to kick it over to Anneil and see if there's anything specifically at a high level that you want to call out as it pertains to client product and engineering.


### 00:05:00

Anil Murty: Nothing specific as such. I guess just a couple of things worth mentioning for people that may be looking for a general update. the first is as Tyler mentioned the next big release that's going to be coming out is going to be the provider console. So that's the first item that you see under the test column there. and we have a small group of insiders that are currently helping out with testing this product.  And so for people that are not aware this is a console like experience but specifically built for people that want to become providers or people that want to manage their existing provider on It's completely UI based and it also takes care of setting up a Kubernetes cluster before setting up an Aash provider on top of it. so kind of two things on this one is we are trying to shoot for a general availability of this sometime towards the end of January or early February.

Anil Murty: assuming there's no other showstoppers that show up from now and then the second thing is one of the things we've got to complete before we can g this is updating the documentation on the doc site and so one of the things we're looking for is somebody that might be interested in contributing to that documentation or essentially owning the documentation for it.  So if you're somebody in the community that wants to help out with that reach out to Kyla myself and u we would love to speak with you about on the yment client couple of things going on there. One is the next set of features that we're going to work on is primarily focused on solving the problem of people running out of escrow balance within their accounts. And so there's kind of two things here.

Anil Murty: One is an automatic topup for people that choose that option. So when users pick an option to automatically top up the risk accounts we're going to top up risk balances from their accounts or the wallets associated with the console instance. so that's one way we'll deal with it and the other way is allowing people to setting up building an alerting system within console and then the very first alert and notification on that is going to be around low escore balance. So people would be able to configure a threshold for when to get alerted and then be able to supply an email address for doing that. And so for people that sign up for credit cards you already have the email address.

Anil Murty: And then for people that use a wallet, this would be sort of the point where we can connect potentially an email address and then potentially update them with other features and things like that as so those are kind of the two big next updates coming up. one of the other initiatives that we are starting to look at which is not specifically console but generally client side things is building a more first class experience for our APIs.  So we obviously have APIs today both on the Golang side as well as on the JavaScript side but they're not the most friendly to work with and so we're going to try to build something that is easier to consume from a developer perspective and then also work on documentation associated with that. so those are just some of the things that are coming out. we are also working on a more comprehensive road map as you've probably seen Greg post on Twitter about.

Anil Murty: so you can expect to see that publicly available in the next couple of weeks.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much, Anneil. does anyone have any questions or anything they want to discuss as it pertains to client product and engineering? I know this is one thing that's kind of crossfunctional. so I'll let Archer talk about it. but again going back to the project board, one of the other big initiatives that's been going on the core engineering side amongst a number of efforts is obviously the upgrade to Cosmos SDK version 47 from 45. this is something that again there was a test net five that happened at the end of 2024 with a number of members of the AOS community testing various functionalities in an environment. There was a couple things that were addressed as a part of test net 5.

Tyler Wright: thank you to all those that participated. And now again, we're in test net 6, which is an environment that's up and running stably for at least the last 30 days. and various groups are continuing to do testing. and again, there will be some more testing that will include members of the Kosh insider community happening soon. Archer, I just want to see if there's anything on high level that you want to talk about in terms of the Cosmos  Great. I know that we do a great job of talking about it in detail during the SIG chain monthly meetings, but just want to see if there's anything you wanted to cover here to start the new


### 00:10:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, just a few items on this monstrous feature I should say. So yeah, we have two successful test nets. at this moment we are preparing to launch providers on the test net number six I believe. it's going to take us probably until end of this week to release beta software and then we're going to start releasing it to the test net sometime next week. And the second item on the list is the Aash API for Golang and the TypeScript. So the Golang has been completed about back ago as it is our reference design API.

Artur Troian: with the typescript we still in progress and a little bit behind as far as for now the code generation has been completed there are a couple items that needs to be addressed in the aarjs and right now we internally just debating if we should mash ajs within the aash API repo or keep it separate just because there a little bit of duplication and a few changes that has to be actually cleaned up from the carjs and hopefully

Artur Troian: Maybe within the next week we will be able to finalize it. and as soon as we have it we will be able to finally code freeze the protobuff and rest of the API libraries for the documentation. Right now we are really really hard working on the documentation. So we want to make sure that it is  Second of all, quite decently written. The number one is we expanding protool documentation and it will be hosted via GitHub pages. Right now all of the API documentation is hosted via RPC nodes. This is First of all, many RPC nodes just have it disabled by default. Second of all, it a little bit difficult to read documentation for multiple different versions.

Artur Troian: let's say current mainet and the current test net and instead we're just going to switch it all to the GitHub pages and it's going to be really easy to check the documentation on that. Huge thanks to Luna on covering this item.  he is been writing documentation for the SDK47 just started doing it end of this year and at this moment we are figuring out the documentation for the clients and then generation for it as well as hosting.

Artur Troian: Hopefully, once again, just because of sheer amount of items, I hope that we're going to be able to start publishing it next week, but this is not certain. So, with all of those items, I think we are targeting to do the network of RA sometime in the February. There is a one more item that we are debating in general if you need to do the intermediate scene upgrade.  So the Cosmos SDK implementation of the queries for the OZ module is a little bit not finished. And what happens is whenever user tries to query one single A account it actually queries all of the Aussies on the network which is a little bit u I would say heavy. So sometimes query takes hand for 10 seconds.

Artur Troian: this is a little bit of impact on the console and we right now entering the batching if we should for the Cosmos SDK again and try to implement separate index or if we can go some work around and then wait until the Cosmos SDK 47 is that said unfortunately we have to for cosmos SDK and implement that index anyways.  just pretty much debating should you do it now or try to the next line that I think that is it regarding the possibility issues there's been immense work on just surfacing all the issues that we have with the providers with the deployments and one of the biggest probably challenges were out of memory and the decision we made by end of this year that all the providers should migrate from Couproups V2


### 00:15:00

Artur Troian: to groups v1. this is kind of the temporary solution. the reason being is there's no way to configure how just behaves on the croups v2. So pretty much what happens is it just kills if there is a out of memory for any of the processes within the container. It just kills entire container which is not so desirable. we decided to switch to SQL V1 for time while we figuring out proper solution for maybe even like adding patch to the Kimberas. I think that will conclude it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, As it pertains to the to V1 stuff that Archer was talking about, I think there's still some last minute testing that's being done internally and there will be some messaging that'll go out to providers in Discord and elsewhere when they should be doing the same V2 to V1.  So again, I think there was a clear path when it's time for community providers to go from cgroups to V2 to V1 and that announcement will be made in Discord like many other announcements.  anything on the core product and engineering side that anybody wants to talk about before we continue on looking at some project boards with community and marketing and events being next. Cool.

Tyler Wright: As a reminder again, we talk about many of these topics whether it be in SIG client which is a bimonthly meeting SIG chain again you can leave any questions or comments inside Discord inside the specific issue so there's a number of ways to get involved ask questions u make your voice heard cool again I know there's a number of items that will be refreshed on some of these boards there  are a couple of proposals that are on chain right now that have been talked about in SIG community and working groups at the end of 2024 and again are now on chain and look like they're are scheduled to pass on chain at some point tomorrow. thank you to all those who have voted and participated in the voting process. It's a very very important pro part of the process.

Tyler Wright: so thank you to all those that have voted. I just want to see outside of some of those initiatives I know we just got out of an insiders call which is again a very important group within the Akos community that does a number of things. Adam, I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to talk about with the community high level before we run jump into some events and marketing updates to follow.

Adam Wozney: No, just the big news it looks like the two governance proposals that we put together over the past few months are going to pass I believe today. So one is around community activities and one is around community programs. that's really where my main focus and I think the community's main focus will be on over the next few weeks and months here. So all systems go on those. really excited about that.  But if you have any questions, as always, feel free to reach out to me directly. and if you're interested in the insiders program, head over to the website and apply on the insiders page. That's it.

Tyler Wright: And again, to anybody that's listening to this after the fact, I know there's a number of people that reach out to me asking for recordings of various meetings. I've dropped a link and it'll be in the notes to access the Akash network Akos insiders application which is available on the AOS website. All right, moving along.  I know that there is a number of efforts happening on the event side. usually we get update from Amanda around these times. I know that again I don't think there's anything happening anytime this month, but I know there's a lot of preparation going on for a number of events happening in Q1. I just want to see Amanda if you're able to just chime in to see if there's anything that you want to talk to the community about or anything that you need from the community at this time.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, thanks yeah, nothing really the month of January. A lot of our efforts are going to be February and March. two of our bigger conferences that we plan to attend and have the largest presence at this year is going to be H Denver the end of February. we are a Cypress sponsor for that which comes with multiple speaking engagements and a 10 by20 booth.  We're going to have a custom booth this year, which is really, really exciting. and hopefully, we'll have a couple different, engagements on the side as well. So, I'm just working on that right now. And then the middle to end of March is going to be Nvidia GTC in already planning that and talking with the, team there. So, those are our two big events for quarter 1.


### 00:20:00

Amanda Keay: And I'm working with Zach right now to finalize the wording for the Q1 proposal to get that up on chain probably the beginning of next week. So that will also be going on GitHub really soon.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Amanda. Does anyone have anything that they want to discuss real quick on the event side? Again, we have SIG community which we talk about events. We've had some working groups at the end of 2024 to talk about events that we want to attend in 2025 to plan etc.  So, just want to see anybody that wants to talk about anything events related real quick before we move on to some other marketing related updates. All right. I just wanted to see Zach if there's anything specific that you want to discuss. I know that the AOS chat is an ongoing item that continues to showcase the power of the compute on the AOS network.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's anything else that's maybe on this board or not quite on this board yet that you want to discuss with the groupâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if possible.

Zach Horn: Yeah, sure.

Zach Horn: Three main points. One, we published our 2024 recap this morning. So, if you want a big one-stop view of everything we did in the last year with a little bit of a look forward to next year, that is live on the blog. the other point is the API. We launched Deepseek V3 into two weeks ago. That is coming to the API.  We're working on some resource things right at the moment, and I'll share more when there's more to share, but Deepc V3 is coming to the API probably in the next week or two. and then lastly, and you're hearing this here first, we're doing an overhaul of the chat UI. So, the AOS chat UI as it currently stands is basically being deprecated. We rebuilt it. It's really great and modern. That should go live in the next couple days. but otherwise, I'll let you guys know when there's more to cover.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. And again, I just want to call out because it's on this board for anybody that wants to get involved with the website which also includes documentation which is available at kos.networkdocs. There is a working group for the website and docs that meets every Thursday. there's there's members of the greater community that join. if you have any questions or anything that you want to u discuss or any issues that you see again you can feel free to create a PR if there's something you want to change about the website you can get involved and talk about ideas in terms of improving pages etc.

Tyler Wright: There's a number of issues that are currently being discussed worked on that live in the website repo. So you can kind of take a look there. I know that Anneil mentioned some work being done around an updated roadmap and that page is again in development constantly discussing that working group and should live for the greater AOSH community very very soon. But again there's a number of things that happen in that working group and discussion.  So again, if you feel like you can contribute to the website, whether it be with code, helping develop web pages, documentation, please look to get involved and I meet every Thursday. Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright: one thing that I know, that I just wanted to point out to folks, and again, I may call call upon Scott, but I know he's doing a number of things right now, is you can find it in the community work, and I think it was talked about the SIG economics meeting yesterday. Scott had done a great job of updating some of the reporting as it pertains to proposals and how money has been spent so again, if you want to see kind of where the community pool spending reporting is, there's a folder inside the community repo where you can see a number of the proposals that have passed on chain and a breakdown to the discussions as well as the proposal and the reports.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: And again anybody else that has gotten money from the community pool we do encourage you to link to reports just for transparency amongst other members of the community that might be here now might be joining in the future and just they can track all this kind of stuff. Does anyone have any questions as it pertains to the community pool spending reporting andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: updates there? perfect. Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. No,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: just to add to that, I mean, thanks for saying my whole spiel for me. Appreciate that. but yeah, no, if anyone has questions about how things are spent or, I know dashboards only tell so much of a story. we try to be as transparent as possible from overclock side. if you ever have any questions or anything at all, please reach out. happy to walk through everything. We try to be as transparent as possible. So, don't feel like it's a bad thing to reach out and ask a question if something's missing. we want to make sure people feel comfortable that we're doing the right thing at all times.

Tyler Wright: And again, we would ask other participants that are again putting things on chain and getting money from the community pool to do the same kind of thing just for transparency sake because it does really go a long way in showing just the m maturity and quality of community that we have at anything else that anybody wants to talk about as it pertains to any of the project boards? I know we've gone through again marketing, community, and events as well as core product and client. just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss in terms of project board before we move on to discussions. All right.

Tyler Wright: again as the next part of the agenda we usually go over active discussions. oftentimes we try to have these discussions be brought up at various SIGs and working groups in detail get feedback and more detailed feedback at the SIGs and working group level before we discuss at a steering committee meeting. I know that there are a couple of items that have been discussed in the past and again have gone on chain maybe prior to that step. I see a comment in the chat around Bull Panther liking wanting to discuss their proposal. I know this hasn't been discussed I don't think at a SIG quite yet.

Tyler Wright: I believe it say client is coming up soon but maybe B panther you can have a minute or so because I know that this has been up for two days andâ€¦

boldpanther: Sure.

Tyler Wright: again there's already been a little bit of feedback so maybe just like a minute to talk about it a high level I would ask that again the steering committee doesn't have to say anything at this time we can discuss this in more detail as said clients meeting or async in the discussion but bold panther I'll just give you a minute or so to talk about at a high

boldpanther: Thanks D and happy new year everyone.  So this is our proposal that I created as a part of phase 2 that we are trying to implement on the console.  As we all know recently as a part of phase one there was a feature that went live on console which allowed users to deploy their applications directly from GitHub onto a cache. in comparison and there are a lot of competitors we can say vers and netlifi and this feature kind of try to address all these issues and allow users to deploy anything from github directly with this new phase two what we are trying to do is we are trying to extend the support for the languages as you can see if you scroll down a bit like we have highlighted the languages that we are going

boldpanther: to be adding as a new support to the same thing that is the go, Python, Ruby and CMS. Initially we are starting out with WordPress but we'll probably extend it more going forward.  So we have also tried to brief out how we are going to do it the timeline the budget and everything and we already have a success with the phase one and I've also mentioned the 3 hours that got merged as a part of phase one to the console and there was some questions from Rodri around this whether this is going to be implemented on the console or it is a dedicated platforms I just want to highlight that this is going to


### 00:30:00

boldpanther: be implemented directly on the console similar to how we implemented the first phase that went live and fiber asked for some of the PRs that I already mentioned with all the code base that is open source so yeah that's all from my side thank

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Again, I've dropped that discussion in the chat for folks here and for folks that may be watching this later. It'll be in the notes. again, thank you to all those that have already got involved in the discussion. We ask that other folks continue to get involved in transparent way. There's again a GitHub discussion with comments that anybody can leave. please ask any questions. give any feedback good, bad or indifferent so that again we can continue to push this process forward. I think again there's a sick client meeting where we can talk about this in more detail and then we can take next steps from there but thank you Banford just for sharing at a high level and again thank you to all those that have already got involved in the discussion. Cool.

Tyler Wright: all right. I know that there may not be a number of other active discussions that need to be prioritized right now. just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wanted to highlight on the discussion side before I move into the next part of the agenda.  At this time, we usually open the floor for people that may have been dropping questions or comments or discussion topics inside the chat. I don't see any right now. I just want to see if there's anything high level that anybody wanted to discuss.

Tyler Wright: again, usually we have these topics kind of outlined prior to a steering committee so that we can manage everyone's time and efforts and go through the proper structures. But I just want to see if anybody here had anything that they wanted to talk about. All If not, then again, we'll be meeting at the end of the month, I believe January 30th. I'm sure there'll be a number of updates happening around the happening around some of these project boards in that time. Again, please continue to get involved in discussions. Please look out for announcements in Discord as it pertain to Cosmos SDK 47 migration testing around provider console. Again, there's already a number of folks that have showed their interest in supporting the provider console documentation.

Tyler Wright: So we shall follow up with those. Thank you. we dropped in easy access for those that want to get involved in the program. and then again all the various programs that feed out from the AOS insiders. So again if you're looking to get more involved with the community you can come to SIGs working groups. You can get involved in the insiders. There's just a number of ways to contribute and certainly looking for a number of more folks to contribute. So again, 2024 saw a lot of momentum and a lot more contributions, a lot newer faces. We're hoping that continues to scale as we jump into 2025. Cool. All right. Chang,â€¦

Tyler Wright: go ahead.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, happy 2025 everyone.

Cheng Wang: Thank you Tyler and everyone for participating. I definitely want to emphasize the point that Tyler just made as far as calling the call to action for community members and anyone who you think would be a good fit. We're of course always on the lookout for technical folks who want to join and add into our incredible codebase and our features that are just going to accelerate in expansion into 2025 areas where you can definitely come in and take a look at. what are some of the channels here that we have going besides the insiders and vanguards, right? We also have the navigators channel which really helps grow and helps really funnel in integrations into Akos more so.

Cheng Wang: And so please Ty if you could just drop a couple things in here for people shout out where can they find us which channel should they reach out in to if they're interested in joining and contributing.

Tyler Wright: absolutely absolutely.

Tyler Wright: Again if anybody needs access there you can find it on the website there is a full calendar of all the AOSH community groups. we try to update the discord but again the calendar on the website which you can see a visual version and you can actually add that calendar to your own calendar tool. Again that's the source of truth for all SIGs and working groups. always looking for people to contribute there. as Chang mentioned, if you're not in Discord, please get involved in Discord. there's deployment channels, there's provider channels, there's a number of SIGs and working group channels that are open to the public. again, if you are trying to become an insider, you can apply to be an insider via the website.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: And then if you go through the application process and you're accepted, there's a number of other channels that are open up to you in terms of just insiders, ring masters, some of the other supplemental programs inside the AOA insider program. So again, if you want and you need some help getting started, there's a Vanguard's program where you can just reach out to an admin and they can provide you with help.  you can reach out to me Tyler core team in any of the deployment general chat wherever and I can help direct you from there. there is no steering committee meeting channel because this is just a culmination of all the other special interest groups and working groups.

Tyler Wright: there is a special interest group or working group channel for every other and active with meetings and some of the working groups and SIGs don't necessarily meet that often but they do meet virtually via some of these channels. So there is no steering committee channel. There's just the meetings that we have on a monthly basis.  If anybody has anything that they want to discuss as it pertains to agenda items, please drop them in the relevant siger working group. So if you want to talk about the website during the steering committee, there's a working group for the website or the SIG design, I could say, hey, we want to be talking about some updates to the website at the next steering committee meeting. And we could do that for any of again the SIGs or working groups across a number of different topics.

Tyler Wright: Before we go, I just want to see if there's any other questions, comments or anything that we want to discuss before If not, then again, much appreciate everyone's participation today. I'll make the notes and recording available very soon. We'll meet again at the end of the month to discuss a number of these items and how they progress.  But really looking forward to a very exciting 2025. Please look out for a number of details as it pertains to road maps, test nets and just other support in Discord and some of the other channels. And then look out for any announcements if you're a validator as it pertains to the Cosmos SDK 47 migration and the network upgrade that will be happening soon. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and again thank you for your participation.

Tyler Wright: get involved in discussions and hope to see you at a future Sega working group meeting. But thank you all.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone.

Tyler Wright: Talk soon. Goodbye.

Artur Troian: Thank you everyone.

Rodri R: You guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:51:33 ðŸ‘‹


