## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #24

## Agenda
- Community feedback, grievances, and conflicts.
- Updates on project boards covering engineering, client products, and community marketing.
- Akash Console development progress, including provider console updates and new features.
- Cosmos SDK 47 migration and testnet updates.
- Event planning for Q1 2025, including EthDenver and Nvidia GTC.
- Review of governance proposals.
- Discussion on liquidity and market health initiatives.
- Open floor for discussions and additional topics.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, January 30th, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- AMerePotato
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Fenil Modi
- Fico Calderon
- Garrett Minks
- George Pro
- Hardy Gieldanowski
- Jannick H
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal
- Maxime Beauchamp
- OÃ¯clid
- Rodri R
- Scott Hewitson
- Taiwo Omoyeni
- Zach Horn
- Zeke Ezagui
- Zeph Alcala

## Meeting Notes
### Community Feedback
- Tyler Wright reaffirmed the importance of SIGs and working groups in gathering community feedback and addressing concerns.
- Participants were reminded to utilize GitHub discussions, Discord channels, and scheduled meetings to propose ideas and engage in discussions.

### Project Boards Review
- Public-facing project boards for client engineering, core engineering, and community marketing were reviewed.
- These boards provide transparency and allow community members to track progress, submit feedback, and participate in discussions.
- A new monthly working group dedicated to event planning has been established.

### Akash Console and Provider Console Updates
- **Provider Console General Availability (GA)**:
  - Anil Murty announced that the provider console is nearing its GA release.
  - The feature has been in beta testing within a small community group.
  - A broader Discord announcement is planned for next week, followed by a wider release in mid-February.
- **Auto Top-Up Feature**:
  - Aimed at preventing deployment shutdowns due to depleted escrow balances.
  - Users will be able to configure which deployments receive automatic top-ups.
- **API Improvements**:
  - Efforts are underway to enhance JavaScript APIs, improving developer experience and accelerating integrations.

### Cosmos SDK 47 Migration and Testnets
- **Testnet Progress**:
  - Artur Troian provided updates on the ongoing testnets.
  - Testnet 5 concluded successfully, addressing key stability issues.
  - Testnet 6 has been running for over 30 days and will soon include provider testing.
- **Enhancement Proposals**:
  - Akash Enhancement Proposal [61 (AEP-61)](https://github.com/akash-network/AEP) aims to optimize blockchain API performance.
  - Existing queries are inefficient due to the volume of records (500M+), causing delays.
  - The proposal seeks to streamline marketplace and deployment queries for better performance.
  - Discussion is ongoing, and a network upgrade may be needed before the SDK 47 rollout.
- **Documentation Improvements**:
  - Luna and the core engineering team are overhauling developer documentation.
  - New documentation will be hosted via GitHub Pages for better accessibility.
  - Expected to be finalized before the full SDK 47 rollout.

### Community Programs and Governance
- **Governance Proposals**:
  - **Rare Protocol Follow-Up Proposal**:
    - Garrett Minks introduced a [refined proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/794) focused on developer incentives.
    - Developers will earn rewards for deploying applications using Rair Protocol on Akash.
    - The new version reflects feedback from past discussions and previous SIG meetings.
    - Community members were encouraged to review and provide feedback on GitHub.
- **Liquidity and Market Health Initiative**:
  - Cheng Wang announced a forthcoming proposal to strengthen Akashâ€™s market depth.
  - The initiative aims to improve liquidity and reduce slippage.
  - The proposal will request between $5Mâ€“$7M USD in funding.
  - A detailed discussion will be submitted to GitHub in the coming week.
  - SIG Economics will hold a follow-up discussion in February.

### Events and Marketing
- **EthDenver (February 2025)**:
  - Akash will have a 10x20 booth with interactive activities.
  - Greg will speak on Bid Week (Feb 26) and the main stage (Feb 28).
  - Community participation will include panel discussions and moderating slots.
  - A side event hosted by Akash is in planning.
- **Nvidia GTC (March 2025)**:
  - Akash will sponsor the event, have a booth, and host a VIP dinner.
  - Greg will participate in a mainstage talk and a recorded session.
- **Hackathon Plans**:
  - Discussions are ongoing regarding upcoming hackathons in various regions.
  - Further details will be provided in SIG Community meetings.

### Open Floor Discussions
- **Transparency and Community Engagement**:
  - Scott Hewitson encouraged teams receiving community funding to publish reports.
  - Community pool spending updates will be regularly shared.
  - The Akash roadmap and proposal frameworks remain open for community contributions.
- **Call for Contributors**:
  - Community members interested in documentation, coding, or support were encouraged to join working groups.
  - SIG Chain and SIG Support remain open for discussions on blockchain improvements and node provider issues.

## Action Items
- **Community Feedback**:
  - Tyler Wright will continue gathering feedback through Discord and GitHub discussions.
- **Provider Console GA**:
  - Anil Murty will oversee the public launch of the provider console and solicit final testing feedback.
- **Cosmos SDK 47 Migration**:
  - Artur Troian will prepare for the intermediate upgrade and finalize documentation improvements.
- **Liquidity Proposal**:
  - Cheng Wang will submit the proposal for community review and discussion.
- **Event Planning**:
  - Amanda Keay and Zach Horn will finalize logistics for EthDenver and Nvidia GTC.
- **Rair Protocol Discussion**:
  - Community members are encouraged to review the proposal and provide feedback on GitHub.
- **Next Steering Committee Meeting**:
  - The February meeting is postponed due to EthDenver; the next meeting will be held on **March 6, 2025**.


#-# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the AKAS steering committee monthly meeting. It is January 30th, 2025. the Akash steering committee is a culmination of all the special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout each month in the Akash open framework.  We have a typical agenda that folks can track all the SIGs and working groups inside of the community folks can participate in meetings for the steering committee. You can see previous meetings and follow along with notes, transcripts and recordings and then again follow along when the next meeting is and look to get involved.

Tyler Wright: Usually during these meetings we have a typical agenda where we discuss and address any community feedback. Then we look at Akash project boards that cover engineering efforts products community and marketing. then we have any GitHub discussions. I believe there are a couple of GitHub discussions that we are going to touch on today. what we usually try to do is have folks that are leading up those discussions participating here on the call for the steering committee. These are discussions that usually have a lot of participation andor have gotten a lot of traction in SIGs and working groups and that's usually the structure for how discussions get brought up during the steering committee.

Tyler Wright: After that, we open up the floor to any other questions, from anybody here. So, again, if anybody has anything that they want to discuss that maybe is outside the typical agenda, I'm going to drop access to steering committee read me, but if anybody has anything that they want to touch on, please feel free to drop it in the chat and we can make sure it gets discussed during the open section of the agenda.  And then lastly we look ahead to any future SIGs working groups etc that may be happening over the following month. All right. As always we start off by addressing any community feedback grievances or conflicts related to SIGs working groups GitHub etc.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have anything that they want to discuss with the community right now in terms of the structure of the open framework or anything else in terms of operations and communications? All right, cool. Again, if anybody has anything, please feel free to drop it in Discord and an insider or a member of the core team can respond very quickly.  All right, the next item on the agenda is around looking at project boards. Again, these are public facing project boards that get updated and tracked so that everybody in the community can see what's going on across a number of efforts that the OCL core team is working on as well as other members of the community.

Tyler Wright: Usually we start off with engineering but I know some folks may have to do some stuff on the community and marketing side. So I know there's a number of events that are upcoming soon. there's a the working group for the events which is going to be happening monthly where Amanda will lead members of the community through events that are happening that again Akash is going to have a presence at as well as discussion around other potential events that could be discussed outlined and maybe added as destinations throughout the year.

Tyler Wright: So, that's a working group that's been added to again the monthly calendar. But I did want to see Amanda if there's anything specific that you wanted to call out. I know eat Denver is the next big event that's happening as a part of the event support proposal and there's a big presence there and that was discussed in working group. But I just want to see if there's anything high level that she wanted to share with the community at this time.

Amanda Keay: Thanks, so as Tyler mentioned, ETH Denver is happening in just under a month. Our team will have a presence there. I think we're bringing out eight community and overclock folks. we have a 10 by20 booth that's going to be built out in the main expo area with a bunch of really awesome and engaging activities involved with that. we're going to be hosting one side event ourselves as well as participating in a few other ones.


### 00:05:00

Amanda Keay: right now, Greg is doing a Bidd Week talk on the 26th and then on the 28th or I believe he is also doing a main ETH Denver talk on the main stage as well. So really looking forward to that. and then I'm trying to think what else. the community that is spearheaded by Adam is going to have a presence there as well as participating in a bunch of different panels and moderating slots as well. So, looking forward to that. And a few weeks after H Denver, I'll mention this our team will be down in Southern California for NVIDIA GTC where we will also have a booth and we're sponsoring that event.

Amanda Keay: doing a special VIP dinner, a side event as well as Greg is going to be doing a recorded session and a mainstage talk as really looking forward to talking to a bunch of developers and people down there in Southern California the end of March. So those are the two events that are on our radar as far as the community funded proposals. we are working and talking. things are still in the works right now for some hackathons that we're planning on doing. but those are I guess the best updates that I can give right now.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Amanda. And again, for anybody that wants to get more involved in events for 2025, there's a number of ways you can join the insider program inside the Akash Insider. There's something called the ring masters where you can get involved in creating and get events in your local communities. if you want to get more involved in the events that Akash network is formally involved with at eat Denver video GTC Cosmoverse and some of those other events again as mentioned there's a working group where you can discuss ideas with Amanda and the rest of members of the community on a monthly basis there's also discord channels if you want to share ideas between meetings

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of other efforts that are happening on the marketing and community fronts. Again, we have a sick community call on a monthly basis where Adam goes through a number of these efforts. There are some active discussions around ideas and programs in different parts of the world.  So again, please get involved in those discussions or come to the future SIG community meeting where you can hear from some of those teams live talking about some of the programs and ideas they have.  One other thing that I quickly want to call out that I know has happened since we last had a steering committee that touches both marketing and as we transition to product side is a recent blog that has been done around developer specific workflows in akash console.

Tyler Wright: This is something that the human hq team had been working on after receiving some funds from the community pool for their efforts. and again that feature has been merged and again I think a number of people have been using it anal authored a blog around this new feature again and you can look at read that blog and a number of other resources that live on the network website. the last thing I'll touch on as it pertain as it pertains to community and marketing initiatives unless anybody wants to discuss anything on the board is just general input to the website and docs.

Tyler Wright: there is a weekly working group that happens around the website and docs where folks are talking about page improvements, new pages that need to be added, technical documentation and guides that make it easier for the developers to use console just use a kosh network in general. so again if anybody here wants to contribute there are bounties through that working group.  So if anybody wants to get more involved with writing technical documentation or writing support copy for the website or contributing to coding the website, that's a group that meets again on a weekly basis and is open to anybody to get involved. Does anyone have anything specific they want to discuss on the community and marketing initiative side before we jump into some more technical updates?

Tyler Wright: All right. moving forward, we'll start off with, some client and engineering updates. Again, this is something that, gets managed, by members of the core team and is, constantly updated with items that are in progress.  as it pertains to console. I know that this is something an Neil has been leading with the rest of the product team is around lining up milestones which live inside the console repo. this was discussed I think previously and will be discussed at future sik clients meetings. But again these are two additional resources for those that want to get involved in supporting and contributing to console.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's anything specific because again there's a number of items that are in progress as they get moved into in review and testing and live. again you can track these items at any time. Just want to see if there's anything specific. Anneil or others don't feel obliged because again we talk about these during SIGs and working groups but anything that you want to call out during the steering committee as it pertains to items in progress or in future development on the client product and engineering

Anil Murty: I guess just at a high level the three big things in progress or that I expect to come out next. Number one is the provider console GA. So they have been very much hands down on working on that along with Dennis and one person from the community I think with documentation.  So, that's the plan there is to announce it in Discord next week generally. So, there's been a smaller group in Discord that's been testing this out in the community for us, but we'll announce it broadly in Discord next week and then look for any feedback or issues from people that use it through the next week. And if there's none, then we'll look to publicly announce it the week after a couple of weeks after that.

Anil Murty: So that's kind of the general plan that's coming up and then if you look at the milestones link that I pasted, the next thing that we will be releasing on the console side is going to be something called the auto topup feature. And the idea here is one of the most common reasons for why people run into issues in console is because the deployment closes.  And so this feature will essentially automatically pop up the NSO balance so that the deployments remain running and then the user will have the option of selecting which deployments get automatically top topped up and which ones don't. So that's coming up next. and then outside of that there's a lot of work happening on improving the general APIs for JavaScript so that we can improve integrations and accelerate integrations quite a bit as well.  Some go main pickings.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, you can track progress on all these items that anal has outlined on the client product and engineering road map as well as the milestones board where you can track specific issues and see where they are in the life cycle. But thank you.  Does anyone have any questions as it pertains to client product and engineering before we move on to core? Cool.

Tyler Wright: again for folks that want to get more involved with core product engineering like the blockchain all things there's a SIG chain that you can get involved with where we talked about network upgrades and everything related to the blockchain as well as SIG support any issues related to the core codebase node provider side they all live in the support repo inside the AOS network organization six support it meets monthly  to triage these issues. again discuss any issues at a high level. if there's anybody from the community that is interested in contributing and then again prioritize these issues and look to solve them amongst the many other things that are on the road map. I know that one of the big efforts that is ongoing is upgrade to Cosmos SDK 47 from 45.

Tyler Wright: This is something that Archer and the rest of the core engineering team has been working on extensively for the last couple or last few months. it's just a big endeavor with many parts of the codebase that have to be touched. I know this is something that we're moving into test net phases and we're moving to the final stages so that folks can start to test integrations and make code improvements so that they'll be good post network upgrade. But Archer, I just want to see if there's anything high level. I know we discussed this in more detail during the SIG chain, but I just want to see if there's anything high level that you wanted to discuss in terms of the Kos SDK migration to 47.


### 00:15:00

Artur Troian: Hello Yeah, that's been quite a long journey for us. this upgrade is indeed massive. So I think right now we are on the face of updating the provider codebase and preparing to spin up providers in the existing test net so clients can have a full cycle of the testing. that part is sort of half done. We've got couple items that have been popping up and needs to be addressed and one of them I would like to talk about today.

Artur Troian: So this morning we submitted AP61 is known as a cash enhancement proposal and idea of the proposal is to improve API performance on the blockchain nodes. long story short the API is been used by variety of the clients.  One of them is console, another one is pretty much every provider on the network. And they have a little bit specific needs to query certain information like orders, beats, leases, and the way that the stores were initially designed, they not well behave on the high amount of record records.

Artur Troian: I think yesterday I've been doing a little bit of testing and to total amount of orders created on the network is over 500 million and for example when provider starts it needs to find open orders in order for them to be and the problem with this current implementation that it has to loop through over half a billion records and it just takes first of all a huge amount of load on the RPC and then  providers and doesn't behave correctly. and this issue can be traced into multiple modules. majority of them are in marketplace and deployment as well as another item that has been quite important for us is the Z.

Artur Troian: some clients like console need to query authorizations by grantee and at this state it is not possible. It has to go through all of authorizations which causes not especially RPC nodes to hang up and in attempt to process huge amount of quite big responses.  So we made this draft for the AP and we just going through all of the aspects of it internally just to make sure that the proposed idea makes sense Second of all is going to be solving the problems that we are trying to solve and the third of all it's not going to be breaking from the API perspective.

Artur Troian: I think we are on a good track right now with that and hopefully by end of today we will be able to wrap it up.  That said, we are going to be preparing for the intermediate network upgrade before going for the SDK47 and I think more details about actual upgrade will be available early next week is the target probably maybe in two weeks to perform actual upgrade. I think that that will be it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Archer. I've dropped in the pull request towards that eight again when it gets added to the index, it will also populate in the road map. I just want to remind everybody again as a part of the road map which we discussed I think at the top of the year at the first steering committee.  is again a longstanding roadmap that the engineering team from OCL's been discussing.

Tyler Wright: Anybody can continue to add items to this framework or to the apes following the specific framework, but the idea is to outline some of the bigger efforts with specific specs that are coming in the future or being thought about on the long-term roadmap with again these specific project boards serving as short-term roadmap and managing some of these projects from beginning to end.  I know there's a number of other items that the core engineering team is working on, but again, look out for updates in Discord as it pertains to an intermediate network upgrade potentially or any next steps as it pertains to Cosmos SDK testing provider updates, etc.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Archer or anybody else? Is there anything else that you would like to discuss as it pertains to core product and engineering roadmap?

Tyler Wright: Don't feel obliged.

Artur Troian: Yeah just real quick probably so one of the biggest items apart from the SDK47 andâ€¦

Artur Troian: upcoming upgrade is documentation and we've been in the background identifying issues we have with current implementations u particular for the development and we have started tidying it up making sure that it is easy to access easy to

Artur Troian: read so so far there's lots of items on that and I think I had a great help from the community member Luna we starting to tidy up the proto documentation and idea is that with the SDK47 we want the documentation to be specifically developer documentation to be as complete as as easy as possible to read.  So there's going to be upcoming changes and a lots of updates regarding that and hopefully before we start updating to the current sandbox to the new upgrade we should have all of the documentation changes ready.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Archer. Does anyone here have any questions about anything core product engineering related? Just a reminder, anybody that wants to get more involved, please just set a reminder on your calendar to join the sik chain or sick support meeting where there's a number of other people from the community that discuss some of these issues and topics in more detail.  All moving on with the agenda. after again the project board the next item there are a number of discussions that again I would ask that people continue to get involved in.

Tyler Wright: there are some people that are submitted discussions that are going to give more details at future SIG meetings. and so again, look out for those. I know that there's a couple of follow-ups from some of these things that have been discussed, gone on chain that folks can track through some of the reporting and other dashboards that Scott kind of manages.  But I know it's a newer proposal, but this is actually a followup to some of the original proposal that the rare team discussed at a previous steering committee meeting.

Tyler Wright: They got some valuable feedback from various folks in the community for their original proposal here and then again have recently posted a follow-up proposal that they have just put up on chain. I'll link that for folks. because I asked them to I do want to give them just a minute to just talk about the followup and then take any questions. But I would ask that folks again because I'm sure they haven't had much time to read it and then give any valuable feedback inside the discussions so that we can continue to push this forward in one direction or the other.

Tyler Wright: but again, I think I've mentioned this in previous meetings, feedback in these discussions goes a long way. I know that there's a lot of activity and a lot of strong opinions in this community. and I think for the community's efficiency, it'd be best to get those opinions out as early as possible so that teams aren't putting items on chain before folks get really animated and then are voting against them.  So again I just want to give a minute or so for the rare team to follow up on a proposal that they discussed in various SIGs and a previous steering committee.


### 00:25:00

Garrett Minks: Thank you for that, Tyler, and great to see everybody again. So, yes, just posted our newer proposal into the GitHub. The original one, we actually took your advice and didn't bring that one onchain, but we've kind of come back for a few months and done a whole bunch of work on our side and then are now kind of re reintroducing this version two of the proposal.  So about 6 months ago or so we had our SDL accepted into the Akos marketplace which is awesome. It's six microservices that deploy all of our DAP building infrastructure. So you can have just a nice new DAP built easily using our kind of default Docker images.

Garrett Minks: And actually launching here at ETH Denver in a couple of weeks is our new developer incentive program kind of incentive game where we really want one of the tasks to be that developers deploy our DAT building engine on so, from our past experience with trying to get people to use our system, there's a really large barrier to entry, for things like Contabo or GCP or any of these other cloud providers where people need a credit card to get it to work. And, a lot of the, developers that we work with, especially in developing countries, that's a big barrier to entry.

Garrett Minks: So it's just awesome that Akos has this u free trial program where you can go in get enough credits and then actually deploy our infrastructure and see it live on the internet which is really awesome. So yeah our plan if you read through the proposal is basically how we track that a developer has been able to submit a valid OS we can check that and then we have a GitHub syncing engine that rewards them with points in our system for proving that they've deployed our system and yeah I just think it's really really awesome to use AOS to do this as we are a web 3 DAT building platform to have them deploy on AOS instead of something like Kabo other cloud providers and it also just kind of proves that our thing can work in this really really awesome low

Garrett Minks: friction way and really the big benefit for the Akos community is you get a whole bunch of new developers with exposure to Akos. So Ze who's also on the call and works with us, our Devril, he put together a really awesome guide, a kind of step click flow on exactly how a new developer would be able to deploy our DAP building engine. So anyways, yeah, thank thanks so much Tyler for just a little bit of time. I'll keep it short.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciated.

Garrett Minks: But all of the details about how the application works. some cool sponsorship stuff that we're doing at ETH Denver around this is in there. but yeah, we're just really really happy to chat in the comments with the community about this version two of our proposal.

Tyler Wright: And again, I know that they've spent some time again meeting with different SIGs and working groups and again took some feedback from a past steering committee. Please just leave your thoughts support any concerns or questions with the ideas. I believe that everything that Rare does is open source.

Tyler Wright: So again I think their goal is to get paid for their efforts and it benefits the entire community and all their efforts are open source. So just want to again get folks from the community to start talking about this, ask any questions, give any feedback so that we can continue to push this forward one way or the other. But thank you Gary for taking the time.

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Garrett Minks: You're very welcome.

Garrett Minks: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: I'll make sure that anybody from the Aostian committee if they have any thoughts, questions can drop those in as comments here as and then we can continue to track this over next couple of weeks and see maybe a follow up in a s working group. but we'll continue to again look to push this forward.

Tyler Wright: But anybody that you see in the community that cares about this kind of stuff, please have them get involved in these kinds of conversations and leave their thoughts. All right. I just want to see if there was anybody else here that had a specific item on relative to the discussions that they wanted to bring up if they've already brought it up in the sticker working group or previous steering committee. Cool. All right.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: if not, then again, I'll continue to yell it from the rooftops, please just get involved in some of these conversations. whether you support it, don't support it, if you have more specific questions, it continues to get people excited about participating in the community. I think one of the things that we always hear about the AOSH community besides the fact that Akash works is that the community is very strong and very, very active. so again, please make your voices heard in a public and transparent way goes a lot further. All right. if there is nothing else then, we can continue on with the agenda. we're at the portion where, we see if there's any open discussion items, that anybody wants to talk about at a high level.

Tyler Wright: All if not, then we can get some time back for sure. I know it's already been a very very busy time. as we look forward again, look out for a number of announcements that may be coming in Discord or other public channels as it pertains to potential provider, upgrades and changes. if anybody wants to track any of these specific issues inside again any of the project boards, please access the project boards.

Tyler Wright: you feel free to ask any questions in the comments. if anybody wants to get more involved with console. again, Anne Neil dropped in a number of links as it pertains to milestones and some of the next steps and you can figure out ways to contribute. I think there's been a number of improvements as it pertains to console documentation so it's easier for people to set up the console and get involved and we've already seen a number of teams contribute to console. but again, there's just a number of ways to get involved. I believe there's going to be some lively discussions at the next SIG economics meeting. so again, if you haven't already, just, add the community groups calendar. the open framework is there for a reason.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's a number of people that join these meetings, talk about things live, and so it'd be great to get more participation because sometimes folks reach out to myself and other members of the core team or other members of the insider community in private when some of these discussions I think would be better served in public with more people actively participating. that's why we have this open framework.  If anybody has any questions about the road map or anything that they want to participate to the road map in terms of apes again I'll drop in quick link there as well. but if we don't have anything else then again we can drop off a little bit early and again look to stay connected in between meetings. I see a hand Go ahead Hardy.

Hardy Gieldanowski: Yeah. Hi everyone. just very briefly. So I just wanted to say thank you for all the great work you're doing on a cache for a cashache and I've been not very active in the last few months but it's really great to see the progress that is happening and yeah just a lot of love.  Thank you so much for the work and I think 2025 is going to be great for us. So, thank you.

Tyler Wright: No, thank Again, it's very much a full community effort and really the goal of myself, I know number of other people in the community and OCL is to continue to pick up the momentum.  That's why there's a roadmap in a number of these project boards so that folks from the community teams that are looking to leverage the Akash network and build their own things and can benefit from more features on the AOS network can look to get more involved. I know it's one of the big projects for again the core engineering team and the climate engineering team to continue to improve documentation to receive more contributions from the community. So much appreciate everyone's time and effort and energy.

Tyler Wright: Please feel free to ask questions, give feedback, get involved in discussions, just make your voice heard. talk about your talents, ask specific questions, there's a number of vanguards out there too and navigators that can help direct people if they need help, as they're getting involved in Discord or as they're trying to integrate. So, there's just a number of ways. I see a hand up. Go ahead, Chang. Hey, you're on mute, I think.


### 00:35:00

Cheng Wang: H sorry about that. thanks Garrett for submitting the updated discussion. I'll definitely chase on that. It's good to see you live again.  And the second thing I wanted to say is for discussion sake wanted to kind of announce to the community here is we are working on a proposal that will be submitted to GitHub probably this week for just kind of initial discussions is to f further bolster our depth and liquidity as far as a markets are concerned.  So, as we kind of enter into this kind of new regime, as we continue trying to build momentum, of course, ensuring that our markets are healthy, thick, and can obviously invite whoever does want to participate in those particular markets to come and do it in a more seamless way. and obviously less slippage the better.

Cheng Wang: We're going to submit a discussion to essentially fund part of that effort and the details will be forthcoming there. But in terms of ticket size, we're looking somewhere in the range of 5 to7 million US. And this is obviously kind of how it's all going to be structured. I'll leave for the discussion and people can ask questions there. Some of it is a bit complex, some of it a bit more straightforward, but I just wanted to kind of prime the pump if you a little bit here with the community.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Chang. again, as we look forward, that's something to just out. Look out for that discussion which I've dropped a link to discussions. So, look out for that specific discussion coming soon. Again, I'm sure we'll talk about that in SIG economics next month.  So again if you want to get more involved in that discussion if you can leave a comment or please all everyone leave comments thoughts questions but if you can make it live join the sick economics meeting where I'm sure there'll be more specific discussion around this topic. Cool.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else then again you guys can have 20 minutes back but much appreciate everyone's time and efforts. If anybody has any questions please drop them in a specific SIG or working group feel free to get more involved. If anybody has any issues with access to any of these groups feel free to reach out to myself an insider and we can try to make it as seamless as possible for folks. But again, much appreciate everyone's participation. and we'll look forward to seeing you guys next month. All right,â€¦

Zeph Alcala: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: one thing to call out. I believe that the next meeting won't be till the first week of March because February is a shorter month and the end of February is eth Denver. So, I believe the next steering committee will be on March the first week of March.

Tyler Wright: but I will make sure that the agenda and the readme file and the calendar are updated. Yep. it's going to be Thursday, March 6th. so again, that should be on everyone's calendar, but I'm sure we'll talk before then. But again, thank you everybody and we'll see you all in the metaverse. Bye everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:48:24 ðŸ‘‹


