## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #25

## Agenda
- Address community feedback, grievances, and open discussions.
- Review updates to Akash project boards for engineering, product, community, and marketing.
- Recap **ETHDenver** and upcoming plans for **Nvidia GTC**.
- Discuss progress on Akash Console developments, including **Provider Console GA** and **API updates**.
- Review **Cosmos SDK 47 migration**, network upgrades, and AEP-61.
- Discuss governance proposals, including **community pool tax increase** and **inflation reduction**.
- Open floor for additional topics and discussions.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, March 6, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Deathless
- Fenil Modi
- Jannick Haus
- Julius Haus
- Luna
- Nirmal Krishnan
- OÃ¯clid
- Scott Carruthers
- Zach Horn


## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting by emphasizing the importance of SIGs and working groups in fostering discussions.
- No immediate community concerns were raised, but members were encouraged to **submit feedback via GitHub discussions and Discord**.

### Project Boards Review
- Tyler reviewed updates to **public-facing project boards**, covering:
  - Community & Marketing: Event participation and outreach efforts.
  - Core Engineering: Network upgrades, infrastructure updates, and Cosmos SDK migration.
  - Client Product & Engineering: Akash Console, APIs, and usability improvements.


### ETHDenver Recap & Nvidia GTC Plans
- **ETHDenver 2025**:
  - Akash had a **10x20 booth** in a prime location at the **main entrance**.
  - Over **2,000 merchandise items** were distributed.
  - Strong investor interest and developer engagement, including projects already building on Akash.
  - 250+ attendees at Akashâ€™s side event, with multiple teams sharing why they are integrating Akash.

- **Nvidia GTC (March 17-21, 2025)**:
  - Akash will host:
    - **A 4-day booth expo**
    - VIP networking dinner
    - A mainstage presentation by Greg.
  - Cerebral Valley partnership for event cross-promotion targeting developers in San Francisco and New York.
  - Community members were encouraged to **participate in discussions on the working group**.

### [Akash Console & Provider Experience Updates](https://github.com/akash-network/console/milestones?direction=desc&sort=completeness&state=open)
- **Provider Console GA**
  - Anil Murty confirmed that Provider Console General Availability is now live.
  - Three new providers** successfully onboarded using the console.
  - Praetor app deprecation planned within two weeks.
  - Community documentation contributions are encouraged.

- **API & Feature Enhancements**
  - Auto top-up for escrow balances to prevent deployment interruptions.
  - User-configurable alerts for low-balance notifications.
  - Golang API updates completed; TypeScript API enhancements ongoing.


### **Cosmos SDK 47 Migration & Network Upgrades**
- Artur Troian provided updates:
  - Intermediate upgrade to v0.38.0 passed governance vote and is scheduled for March 12, 2025.
  - Upgrade focuses on performance optimizations for querying leases, orders, and authorizations.
  - Cosmos SDK 47 migration resuming after v0.38.0 upgrade is completed.

- **AEP-61 Proposal**
  - Optimizing **on-chain API performance** for scalability.
  - **Reducing RPC load** and increasing efficiency in querying blockchain data.
  - Upgrade scheduled for **March 12, 2025**.

### **Governance Proposals & Funding Discussions**
- **Community Pool Tax Increase Proposal**
  - Proposal to increase funding for community initiatives is now on-chain.
  - Community encouraged to review and vote.

- **Inflation Reduction Proposal (by Cheng Wang)**
  - New proposal to reduce inflation and stabilize token economy.
  - Aims to bring inflation below double digits in response to economic conditions.
  - Full discussion will take place in SIG Economics next week.

- **Verifiable Compute Research at University of Texas**
  - Community pool-funded project is ready to demo its progress in the next 7-14 days.
  - Work focuses on verifiable on-chain compute solutions.
  - Updates will be shared in **SIG discussions and Discord**.

### Akash Data Analytics & AI Dashboard Proposal
- **[Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/776) by Nirmal Krishnan (Chakra Labs)**
  - **Goal:** Increase visibility and engagement around Akash data through indexed blockchain analytics.
  - **Three components**:
    - Specialized chain indexing to allow **self-service** analytics.
    - Dashboard & analytics portal for real-time data queries.
    - AI-powered insights with natural language interaction via Anthropic Claude integration.
  - Requested funding: $1,500/month for infrastructure and maintenance.
  - Community members were encouraged to **review and provide feedback** before it moves on-chain.

### GitHub Discussions & Funding Requests
- **Increase Community Pool Tax Proposal (Active Vote)**
  - Aimed at **funding more initiatives and grants**.
  - Community urged to **vote and provide feedback**.

- **Inflation Reduction Proposal (Upcoming)**
  - Aims to reduce **token emissions** to **stabilize long-term market conditions**.
  - To be submitted for **community discussion next week**.

- **Verifiable Compute Demo**
  - University of Texas research team will **present findings** in the coming weeks.
  - Discussion to continue in **SIG meetings**.


### Open Floor Discussions
- Cheng Wang introduced a future proposal to integrate Akash analytics into Akash Chat.
- Community participation in SIG meetings was strongly encouraged.
- Next Steering Committee Meeting scheduled for March 27, 2025.

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler Wright urged community members to **engage in GitHub discussions** and **leave feedback before proposals go on-chain**.
- Members were encouraged to **participate in upcoming SIG working groups** for deeper discussions.
- The **next Steering Committee Meeting** is scheduled for **March 27, 2025**.

## Action Items
- **Tyler Wright** to oversee **Cosmos SDK 47 network upgrade** communications.
- **Anil Murty** to finalize **Provider Console deprecation** and **API documentation improvements**.
- **Artur Troian** to ensure **Testnet 6 provider onboarding** and performance optimizations.
- **Amanda Keay & Zach Horn** to publish **ETHDenver recap** and finalize **Nvidia GTC preparations**.
- **Scott Hewitson** to continue publishing **community pool transparency reports**.
- **Community members** to:
  - Provide feedback on **Akash Data Analytics & AI Dashboard proposal**.
  - Review and vote on **Community Pool Tax Proposal**.
  - Participate in **SIG Economics discussion on inflation reduction**.


## Transcript

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Akash Steering Committee. It's March 6, 2025. During the Aklash steering committee monthly meetings, the group usually meets at the end of every month as a culmination of all the SIGs and working groups that happen. if there's any discussions that have happened at the SIGA working group level as an agenda item we bring it up during these steering committees we also go through our typical agenda which I will share right now. again we oftent times start with reviewing discussing and addressing any community feedback and then go into projects board.

Tyler Wright: Then we talk about any active discussions from participants that again have created discussion on GitHub have discussed it in a sigar working group and then has gotten some traction and some comments and now are willing to come to the steering committee live to discuss it There is a team here today we'll be putting forth their proposal that's in s right during that discussion part and they've already gone through SIG analytics through the paces. So when we get to that part of the agenda, we'll have them follow up. After that, we open the floor to any other questions from participants and then we look ahead to any special interest groups or working groups for the next month.

Tyler Wright: again, as previously mentioned, this call usually happens at the end of every month, but because February is a short month and there was a big event in East Denver that we'll discuss a little bit later on today, we pushed this meeting back. I know that's again the first week of every month is sometimes hard for folks. so, I appreciate those that are listening to the recording. please again continue to make your voices heard in discussions and share any feedback that you have in relative sigs or in relative issues as we go through the agenda. All right. Again, if anybody has anything that they want to discuss in the open floor section, please drop it down in the chat and we'll make sure we get to it. I will drop in the discussion that will be taking place during the GitHub discussions portion.

Tyler Wright: just for anybody that hasn't looked at it quite yet to be able to All starting off I just want to discuss or address any community feedback, grievances or conflicts related to the sakes of working group structure or just related to the kosh community in general. Does anyone have anything on the community side that they want to give feedback on currently? All again, there's a number of groups, in which people can give feedback. feel free to continue to make your voices heard. All right. next up, we'll jump into the AOS project boards. again, these are public facing transparent boards across a number of different areas.

Tyler Wright: in the Akash ecosystem you have a community and marketing initiatives you have again the core product engineering as well as client product and engineering and usually we talk about these things at a high level again if anybody has any more depth questions we have specific SIGs and working groups where we talk about these items in finer detail I know that again some folks from our team are traveling but one of the big efforts on the community and marketing  side that I just want to call out is Eat Denver just ended on March 2nd. again, another reason why we moved this AOS steering committee meeting back. So, this is a completed item that came out of the Q1 events proposal. I want to hand over to Amanda because I know that she's been doing a great deal of work and did a great deal of work around ET Denver.

Tyler Wright: And it just was a great event. and then again maybe talk a little bit about Nvidia GTC which is I think happening in a week a week andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: a half from now.

Amanda Keay: Thanks, Tyler.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, ETH Denver was really great. a lot of our team got back this past Monday. and we had a really awesome setup. Our booth was placed in a great spot. Even surprised me. I knew it was going to be good, but I wasn't expecting it to be that good. we were right by the entrance.  And I think the key takeaway from Eat Denver was all of the Akos marketing and branding was just absolutely spot-on. a lot of people came by and said that our booth was great. Our merch was probably the best out of everybody who was in attendance. and yeah, it was just a really great time to connect with people we haven't seen before.


### 00:05:00

Amanda Keay: a lot of investors in the Akos token but also projects that are building on Akos some that we didn't even know which is awesome to see and also connect with a lot of developers in some prominent universities so made some really good connections there. we were also able to host a side event which was really great. We had roughly 250 that showed up for that event. some really high quality people and were able to hear from a couple of projects that are building on Akos. they took the microphone for a few minutes and explained about why they're integrating with AOS which was great to see as well. And we had the booth for about four days and correct me if I'm wrong, Zach, but I think we gave out close to 2,000 articles of merchandise.

Amanda Keay: So, we were able to really get our brand out there and people were coming by I think our best swag was the scarves and hats and those were gone by the beginning of day two. So, that was really awesome to moving on to GTC. our team will be heading out there on March 17th, so just a little over a week and a half away. excited to have a booth there. It's also going to be a 4-day expo, so buckle up everyone.  And we have a great side event a VIP dinner that we're planning as well. And then Greg has a mainstage talk. So we're really looking forward to that. a little note, our side event is also going to be hosted by Cerebral Valley. some of you who are aware with some of the events that we do know that Cerebral Valley does a lot of hackathons all around the world. they're very tapped into developers in SF and New York.

Amanda Keay: and we're really excited to be working with them. we're actually using their events platform this time around. So, they're going to be cross-promoting our event to a really amazing select group of people that are going to be out in the SF and San Jose area. So, really looking forward to that as Happy to answer any questions, too.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, yeah, I would just echo a number of things that Amanda said on the East Denver side. I know that there was a number of folks that came up to the booth saying, I've deployed on the Kosh. I really love it. so I know it's like a permissionless ecosystem. Many people come through Discord. but many people just have a great time at using it and are users for life.  So, much appreciate all the effort that went into H Denver. if anybody has any questions about around Nvidia GTC, I believe that there might be a community call andor again feel free to reach out in the working group events 2025 channel if you have anything you want to talk to Amanda specifically about. Cool.

Tyler Wright: again, I know that we talked about a number of these other efforts during sick community and some of the other special interest groups. I just want to see if there's anything that anybody wanted to call out specifically on the community and marketing side before we move on to other areas.  One thing that I'll call out is I know on the developer onboarding program work with I think Zilly phase two is ending right now. I think they're just figuring out some logistics and some fine tuning some things. I think there was initially a discussion that was going to be brought up here today during this steering committee but will be pushed down the road.

Tyler Wright: so again, look out for that. But again, there's a working group for that that meets I think every other week if folks want to get more involved with the developer onboarding program via Any other thoughts or questions on the community and marketing front before we move on? All right. I know that this has been discussed extensively in SIG chain. there is a vote op right now. thank you to all those that have voted already around network upgrade. This is an intermediate network upgrade to version 0.38.0. again this is up for vote currently. and there you can see instructions, you can see the block height.

Tyler Wright: so again the proposal is scheduled to pass right now and if it does then the planned network upgrade is going to be on March 12th kind of midday. Archer, I just want to hand it over to you to see if there's anything you want to discuss around this network upgrade. I know there's some continued testing prep that's going on right now or just anything else on the core product and engineering roadmap.


### 00:10:00

Artur Troian: Not that many things on this upgrade. the upgrade itself doesn't break any APIs. but it is state breaking and the goal of it to improve read performance of the various stores that we have in particular for the Aussie. we have had couple RPC no not hiccups when user users are trying to pull big batch of authorizations or check leases or checking deployments and the only thing this upgrade does is to improve the read performance. as soon as we complete all the parts of the upgrade we will resume work on SDK 47.

Artur Troian: reason why we are waiting for it because this upgrade has stored changes and we need to rebase entire code base on this new upgrade and make sure that everything is working and all the changes that have been done in SDK47 are working correctly. But that's pretty much it I think.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions or comments they want to talk about around core product and engineering and any of the issues on this board? One item that I will call out and it's going to happen before our next steering committee.  There is a group at the University of Texas that has been working on verifiable compute. this is some community pool efforts they are at the point where they want to give a demo and are going to provide a demo I think over the next seven to 14 days. They just asked some final questions over the last week to members of the core team.

Tyler Wright: so again that demo will be linked back to this issue and here for transparency and I'll make sure that any updates are shared across Discord and other channels for folks that want to track that. We'll also maybe talk about it at a future SIG. and again I'll call out which SIG we'll talk about that and have some members of the team there. So I know there's been a great deal of progress and I know it's an unlock for some other folks in the ecosystem but again shout out to Archer for his support. and again look out for a demo soon around the verifiable compute proposal 261. Any other questions around core product before we jump into some client product and engineering roadmap items. Perfect. All right.

Tyler Wright: again, usually on a bimonthly basis, and we just had a sick clients meeting just this past month. anal and members of the, core team talk about any updates, which there have been plenty around AOS console. again over the last, I think, month or so, the provider console has been released. There's been a number of new features being worked on and added around  Inside that Kosh console repo, there is an area where you can track milestones and number of the various efforts that the core client product team is working on. Just want to see if there's and Anil just dropped in a link that'll be added to the notes for anybody that wants to track that. again, I know there's a number of things going on.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any questions that anybody had or anything that anybody want to call out from this product and engineering board just for slightly more clarity. Again, we talk in more detail and get detailed updates during the sick clients meetings. Just want to see if anything high level anybody want to discuss here today. All again, if anybody has any questions about the milestones or again around anything client product engineering, please feel free to ask any questions inside of these issues. again, this is a transparent project board as well as use the SIG clients public channel in Discord to ask any additional questions.

Tyler Wright: if anybody has any issues as they're continuing to use the console, there is an ecosystem console channel where people can ask specific questions and then you can create issues for the console team that they check regularly and comment on and get feedback on regularly.  Go ahead and


### 00:15:00

Anil Murty: Yeah so really quickly just to make sure people are not losing or not missing this since we GA provider console maybe three weeks ago I think we have piloted the provider console with three different providers that have never a before. These are providers who have never set up a provider on Akash before. and they use provider console to effectively bring their compute onto  So there's a bunch of feedback that came from that which we're addressing. but in general the product works fine. there's other providers that are on Akash today that have connected their wallets to the provider console and we have not heard any issues from them. so with all that in mind we are going to be working towards an end of life of the Ptor app. So if you go to the Ptor app today, you'll see a banner on top that mentions this.

Anil Murty: But I just wanted to make sure if people haven't seen it definitely be aware of the fact that the player app is going to be going away. right now the manager says it's going to be deprecated in favor of provider console. we're going to update that with an exact date probably two weeks out or so. but yeah, that's just a huge call out if there's people that aren't aware of this happening. I believe there's messages posted on Discord as well by Jiggerville. and we'll just keep people updated on that. But, hopefully people are paying attention to that.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Any questions about provider console operator end of life or anything on the client product and engineering project board? All right. moving along. we're at the part of the agenda where we go over discussions.  I think there is probably two discussions that we're going to have today. I know that there's been some traction on and I'll just link to the right tab. there's been some traction around the proposal to increase community pool tax and I believe that a vote is on chain right now.

Tyler Wright: so please again vote and if anyone has any questions or comments you can feel free to drop them here or we'll maybe take some time at the end to talk about that if anybody has anything they want to talk about. but again one item that we've been tracking over the last couple of weeks almost a month plus at this point it's a proposal that was brought forth by a community member and his team have put together a proposal, have come to SIG Analytics, have talked to members of the team, gotten feedback from participants in SIG Analytics and again are looking to get any additional feedback before putting up a proposal on chain for vote. again, I put the proposal for those that haven't maybe had the chance to look at it. I do want to give NAL a little bit of time.

Tyler Wright: maybe like a couple of minutes to talk about the proposal in front of the cost steering committee, field any questions, and then again, he has his next paces to try to put this on chain for a vote.

Tyler Wright: So, feel free to take it away.

Nirmal Krishnan: Absolutely. Thanks so much for the intro,â€¦

Nirmal Krishnan: I'm one of the co-founders at Chucker Labs. and, we're building a verifiable data warehouse product kind of like Snowflake. And, we discussed this proposal at SIG Analytics, but just wanted to give a quick recap for this committee. so the goal of this proposal is really to increase visibility, insights, engagement, and community around Akos data.  And specifically what we're looking for here is feedback. Whether there's particular stats that folks on this committee would requested. we're kind of happy to tailor this particular proposal based on feedback here. I would say largely there's kind of three main components of this proposal. and just the backdrop here is Akosats. It's a fabulous open source product. We don't intend to replace this framework. We just intend to augment it with some sort of open source public goods.

Nirmal Krishnan: so part one of this proposal, and I'm just going to steal screen from you for a second, Tyler. is part one is specialized chain indexing with our data warehouse. and I'd say you kind of have to start with indexing the data before you can do interesting and compelling things with that data. I think this committee has probably, seen the value that Dune Analytics has brought to data  putting it in the open ultimately allows analysts, funds, researchers to ultimately play with the data, build their own analytics, build their own visualizations on top of that data, and it really ultimately brings this community and engagement that you don't get until that data is ultimately in the open. now we've already serviced a few updates in the indexing repository, fund based on asks that Max have had.


### 00:20:00

Nirmal Krishnan: We've pushed through a couple of PRs there, but ultimately the goal of part one of this proposal is to allow folks to self-s serve to ultimately query and interact with AOS data without having to run an indexer themselves or having to get that indexer shared from Max one of the community members. It's really about allowing people ultimately to sort of fish themselves rather than giving you the fish. on this part we've already begun the indexing effort here. and we are up to tip on kind of the latest and greatest with sort of the chain. Tyler, I see you raised your hand.

Nirmal Krishnan: I'll pause here.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: If you're trying to share something, I think you're just sharing the Google Meet window, at least for me.

Nirmal Krishnan: â€¦

Tyler Wright: So I just want to make sure you were just sharing what you were intending to share.

Nirmal Krishnan: super helpful. sorry about that. can you see me now? Awesome. Thank you so much,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes. Yes. Perfect.

Nirmal Krishnan: Tyler and Garrison. So then the second part repository of this proposal rather is to take the data that we've indexed and ultimately build a thirdparty dashboard and analytics portal to sort of showcase the amazing work that the folks have done here have done.  And ultimately the value prop here again is not to display sash stats but to have thirdparty visibility and trust such that anyone can take one of these statistics go write some SQL query and go empirically verify okay that the H100 usage is the one that's taken off over the last six months that I can run my own GPU utilization and analytics on top of the SQL share that we're ultimately doing. And so we think this will be a nice community effort to augment the work that Akosats has done.

Nirmal Krishnan: We've already done some work here in terms of d creating the UI designs for this dashboard. it'll be real time in the sense that we're going to be running this indexing effort at tip and so all of these particular statistics will update dynamically based on new data. reasonably straightforward here. We've taken a bunch of community feedback on what the right metrics are to show here, but continuing to engage here to make sure that we're kind of showing the right things. and I'll pause there and see if there are any other questions on this particular part of the proposal.  doesn't seem I'll keep moving. and then the last part here is really like making it super easy for folks to ultimately interact with this data. So, Greg had this very very cool tweet a few months ago saying he was interfacing with an AI agent on Twitter. How is AI XPTt reading and interpreting onchain data for Akos? And the agent replies, I cannot read a data. Would be interesting to plug in their GPU metrics.

Nirmal Krishnan: Ultimately, we're aiming to serve here with all of the work that we're doing. we have our own agent kit. it's integrated with Anthropics model context protocol. What that ultimately allows you to do in plain English is to ask questions about Akos in Anthropics Cloud Desktop in the web I and ultimately get answers about that data. and so we've built this full integration. it's live as of two weeks ago and the value for this particular integration is ultimately I can ask in natural language hey what has been the top value driver for Akos in terms of GPU utilization over the last six months. what is Akos revenue over the last three months? Annualize that data for me. We think this is going to be a really really fun way for the community members to ultimately interact with this data without having to write SQL and without having to have any technical expertise.

Nirmal Krishnan: just to summarize here in terms of timeline we've already begun the indexing effort and we're running ahead of schedule on that. The agent integration is largely done. so it'll take about a week week and a half once we have all the data on our platform to ultimately serve it in this agent integration and we've begun the dashboard iterations and development there in terms of building UI mocks and in terms of sort of productionizing this in a way and we intend to share that with key community members in sort of the coming weeks. and lastly, in terms of budget here, we want this to be something that's largely a public And so, we're really just looking to cover costs on this particular exercise. We're looking at about 1,500 a month. And that'll largely just be for infrastructure and sort of the housing and maintenance of this particular proposal. I'll pause there. that's kind of it for my stickick. I'm happy to take feedback and questions now.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much. Again, I know there's a number of people that have shared some feedback during SIG Analytics and as well as in the comments. Again, if anybody listening to this recording later that couldn't make this meeting, feel free to drop in feedback as quickly as possible because I know Namal and his team are trying to put something on chain quite soon. but I see a hand up. Go ahead, Chang.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, this is super cool. in terms of the data that you're indexing here, I got two questions. in terms of data you're indexing, is this all events on a Kosh network? So, I know we have obviously custom modules relative to constant or cosmos, right? So, there's a lot of, custom stuff in there. That's part one. I see you're shaking your head. So, sounds like second part is integrating with anthropic is really cool. is it possible to integrate for example with a Kos chat?


### 00:25:00

Nirmal Krishnan: Those are both really great questions, in terms of the surface area of events, so yeah, we work with Max here to make sure that we're covering not just the standard cosmic cosmos events, so blocks, transactions, events. we're making sure that we're getting, the GPU data, and we've already baked that into our overall indexing effort. We're at tip here in terms of getting the granularity that I think folks will ultimately appreciate and enjoy. so, yep, just to answer your first question, absolutely. and then the second thing here is I think that integrating MCP into a Kosh chat would be really really cool. I think would be awesome to be able to interface with Akos data directly in Akos chat. I would say that this framework is very very early. So they just launched this in November of last year and it's sort of taken off over the last two weeks or so. And thankfully we were a little early on this and excited to be early on this.

Nirmal Krishnan: Right now it's pretty challenging to support thirdparty clients i.e. not cloud desktop. but we're monitoring this really really carefully and I think once Anthropic announces better enterprise support and better client support for this that'll be the next thing that we do is figuring out how to get this thing integrated in Akos chat. I think as of right now it's a bit early. we're waiting for them to roll out a couple of key features that are important to us,â€¦

Nirmal Krishnan: but it's definitely on our thought process and our mindset here in terms of it would be way cooler if ultimately folks can integrate with this in a chat.

Cheng Wang: for sure.

Cheng Wang: And I guess last question,â€¦

Nirmal Krishnan: Debate on whether MCP â€¦

Cheng Wang: Yeah,â€¦

Nirmal Krishnan: sorry. Go for it. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: sorry, jumping the gun there. yeah, so I guess people would have to pay to access, Just need a lot of stuff.

Nirmal Krishnan: So this particular data share is going to be free.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah.

Nirmal Krishnan: It's going to be totally sorry. Did you mean in claw desktop or did you mean for the actual data?

Cheng Wang: So, in order to interact with it in natural language, right, you'll have to click pay for cloud in order to access it and then leveraging the agent.

Nirmal Krishnan: Yeah, this is a good question. I don't think MCP actually forces you to pay for Claude yet. So I believe you can be on the free plan in Claude desktop, but I'll double check that and get back to you. Absolutely. So the share we offer kind of two options free data shares andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: But I think the larger question, Nirmal, that you were just talking about is for those in the community that want to leverage the work that you're doing, this will be free for them to use and all community members to use and manipulate.

Nirmal Krishnan: sort of monetized data shares.  This is going to be a free data share that anyone can come sort of query against our platform. And for 99% of users who are not racking up thousands of warehouse hours, this should be a free public good.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any questions, comments, concerns at this time around the proposal prop put forth by Maral and his team? if there's no issue at this time, then again, I'm going to try to push this forward for those that maybe again couldn't join the call here today. and I know that Nurmal and his team want to get this on chain in the next couple of weeks. probably sooner than that. So, please give your feedback concerns u vote of approval as quickly as possible so that they can get this on chain and continue the work that they're doing. All right. Thank you very Much appreciated. cool.

Tyler Wright: Going back to the discussions area. I just wanted to see if there's any other discussions that anybody want to have there are two votes on chain. so again there's a proposal around the intermediate upgrade that Archer talked about to V0.38.0  zero as well as a proposal to increase the community pool tax. I'm following up on a GitHub discussion that Chang put forth a or a few weeks ago at this point. I know that SIG economics got moved from this week to next week because of conflicts. I know again a team member just had a child.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: and so things will be back to regularly scheduled, but just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to discuss in terms of active discussions or any of the other items during the discussions portion of the agenda. Go ahead, Ch.

Cheng Wang: not active yet. However, we'll be submitting another discussion on to GitHub in coner with decrease or increasing the community pool taxes to decrease inflation as well. So, I'll be submitting that for discussion. The idea here is to target a lower than double digit inflation. especially in the recent economic choppy economic climate that we're in and the headwinds that we're facing is definitely I think a good idea for us to reduce our emission commiser with everything out there. So keep your eye out for that.

Tyler Wright: As previously mentioned and we talked about this during the insider office hours calls. Again, much appreciate everybody that gets involved in all these GitHub discussions. I know that we have a very very active community. we urge people to start to talk about these items in public as much as possible. it just goes a long way in again continuing the conversation.  I know a number of people have similar ideas and thoughts and so again making them public always does a lot better than just having private conversations. So I urge everybody to put items in GitHub discussions, leave comments, talk about things in SIGs and working groups and discord and elsewhere. But appreciate everyone's participation. Anything else on the GitHub discussions front before we move on with the agenda?

Tyler Wright: All right. we're at that point of the agenda where we're going to be discussing any open discussions, anything that anybody wants to talk about. again, we try to keep as much stuff focused within figs and working groups, but just want to see if there's anything high level that anybody wanted to share or talk about with this group here today. All right. If not, then again, our next steering committee will be at the end of this month, March 27th. There's a number of items, both intermediate network upgrade, events that'll be happening across and a number of different releases, etc. over this next month.

Tyler Wright: So we'll look to stay extremely active in Discord GitHub and elsewhere. as mentioned because of scheduling there were not that many SIGs and working groups this week. There was a working group around the website that met today as they do on a weekly basis. but next week we'll get back to the typical schedule. I know as we look into next week there's a number of SIGs and working groups happening for people to participate in.  Again, always looking for insiders to push new members or active members in the community. We'll have the SIG chain working group next Tuesday and that'll be prior to again the network upgrade which will be happening Also, the SIG design and SIG economics that'll also be happening on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Tyler Wright: So just over the next couple of weeks there'll be a lot going on in SIG and working group fronts where we can talk more specifically around Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade that'll be happening following the any active open issues inside the support repo that we talk about on a monthly basis in SIG support. or again I know that Fineil and others have asked about merch and so we can make sure those designs get shared in discord channel and we can talk about those items in Unless there's nothing else then again I'll give some folks some time back today. I know it's been a very very busy period. I hope everybody is doing well. again appreciate everyone's active participation with Akos.

Tyler Wright: It is again because we're an open source project. It takes really everybody involved working on testing out product, giving feedback. so much appreciate everybody in the ecosystem. And again, there's so many ways to get involved. please make your voices please ask questions.  Please get involved in the Kosh insiders if you want to get more involved and participate in some of the programs that come out of the Kosh insiders or just join Discord and ask questions. All right. Again, we'll make sure that the project boards are updated. Thank you to everybody that talked about discussions. Thank you Nal for talking about the discussion. Please everybody vote.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and a great start to their month and we will continue to discuss things between meetings in Discord, GitHub and elsewhere. But hope everyone's doing well. Thank you again. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:35:38 ðŸ‘‹



