## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #26

## Agenda
- Welcome and Introductions
- Community Feedback and Open Issues
- Project Boards Updates
  - Core Product and Engineering
  - Client Product and Engineering
  - Community, Marketing, and Events Initiatives
- Active Discussions and Proposal Updates


## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, March 27, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://gv732dkiwyuvvdzwwof2cpippkom722pvzbhd334r4b55eyhnhra.arweave.net/NX-9DUi2KVqPNrOLoT0PepzP60-uQnHvfI8D3pMHaeI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Deathless
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Introductions
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting and outlined the agenda.
- Mentioned that Steering Committee meetings recap developments across all SIGs and working groups.
- Reminded participants that meeting recordings, transcripts, and notes are available in GitHub under the Akash Network organization.

### Community Feedback and Open Issues
- No grievances or conflicts were raised during the meeting.
- Tyler encouraged participants to use Discord or GitHub discussions to escalate any community concerns.

### Project Boards Updates

#### Core Product and Engineering
- Artur Troian provided a recap of the successful network upgrade to version 0.38.0.
  - Upgrade improved read performance for RPC queries and storage access.
  - Observed longer upgrade times due to Akash network state growth and new trial wallet usage.
  - Future planning for SDK 47 upgrade is underway, aiming to optimize migration and reduce disruption.
- [Proposal 284](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/284) (Oxnirmal indexing and analytics project) successfully passed on-chain on March 19.
  - Updates from Nirmal and team will be shared directly on the related [GitHub issue](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/776).

#### Client Product and Engineering
- Tyler Wright summarized updates from SIG Clients and SIG Providers meetings.
- Provider Console is now fully active, replacing the Praetor app.
  - End-of-life for Praetor confirmed for March 28, 2025.
  - Transition support available through Discord's provider channel.
- New milestone tracking for client tools and Console developments is available on GitHub for community transparency.

#### Community, Marketing, and Events Initiatives
- Amanda Keay shared updates from Nvidia GTC:
  - Strong engagement at Akashâ€™s booth with developers, investors, and ecosystem partners.
  - Hosted successful side event with Cerebral Valley near the convention center.
  - Content from Gregâ€™s talk at GTC will be shared once received.
- Overview of upcoming events:
  - Blockchain Conference next week.
  - DAI Week hackathon in Austin.
  - Cornell Blockchain Conference in NYC.
  - Akash Accelerate and Permissionless events planned for May.
- A [Q2 Events Proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/285) is live on-chain for voting.
- Adam Wozney shared Ring Masters program achievements:
  - 13 community-led events organized globally in Q1.
  - Over 1,300 attendees engaged across the events.
  - New insiders and community members recruited through these activities.

### Active Discussions and Proposal Updates
- Tyler encouraged community members to participate actively in GitHub discussions.
- Highlighted the importance of public feedback to strengthen governance processes.

### Open Floor Discussion
- No additional open topics were raised.
- Tyler reminded participants that ideas or issues can be escalated to appropriate SIGs and working groups.


### Looking Ahead
- April SIGs and Working Groups Schedule:
  - SIG Economics to discuss governance and financial topics.
  - SIG Chain to focus on SDK 47 migration planning.
  - SIG Community to review community program updates.
  - SIG Clients to provide updates on Console and other tools.
  - SIG Support to review open engineering issues.
  - SIG Events to plan for Q2 conferences and meetups.

### Closing Remarks
- Community encouraged to join SIGs, ask questions in Discord, and contribute to the Akash roadmap.
- The roadmap remains open to community involvement through proof of concept and GitHub participation.
- Next steering committee meeting scheduled for late April 2025.
- Recordings, notes, and transcripts will be published shortly.

## Action Items
- Follow progress of Proposal 284 with updates from the Chakra Labs team.
- Transition users fully from Praetor to Provider Console by March 28.
- Continue community feedback on Q2 Events Proposal and broader community governance issues.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the AAS steering committee. this is a monthly meeting that happens at the end of every month. usually it's a culmination of all the SIGs and working groups that happen throughout the month. again, if anybody wants to follow along and keep up to date on all things happening across SIGs and working groups. there's a calendar and you can get more involved in Discord, reach out to some insiders figure out where maybe is the best sketch for you across a number of different themes. Again, there's been a number of things that have happened over the last month. usually our typical agenda is we go over any complaints or any issues that are happening in the community.

Tyler Wright: After that we go over project boards and see we go over specific items around core engineering marketing as well as client. following that if there's any discussions that need to We had a number of discussions last month with participants that joined the steering committee talked to the steering committee and again those proposals have since gone on chain and passed.  So if there's any discussions here or if anybody has any discussions they want to bring up please drop it in the chat. Following that we just open up the floor to any questions. So again if anybody has any questions or any themes that they want to discuss during the steering committee today please feel free to drop them in the chat. and then lastly we look ahead to the six and working groups for next month in April. I know there's been a lot of travel as of recently.

Tyler Wright: I'm sure we'll get to a little bit later around events. so there's just been a lot going on. I know a number of people will be listening to the recording later. Again, for all the recordings, notes, shout out to from the insiders for supporting here.  transcripts and recordings for all of the previous steering committees and all other meetings that happen in the sacred working group structure all live inside the AOS network organization and GitHub which is open and again individual meetings live inside of the individual repos in the community section. again this is our 27th Akash steering committee meeting. but I'll jump right in.  Just want to see if there's any discussions or any community feedback, grievances or conflicts that anybody wants to bring up at this point. Cool.

Tyler Wright: If not now, then again, if you go inside the Akash Discord, which is a builder community, there's a number of insiders and other folks that can help answer questions, help escalate any issues that need to be escalated, and are just general generally great resources for the community. All right, continuing on. this is part where we jump into, again,  These project boards are updated by members in the community and members of the OCL core team as efforts are along. I'm going to start in core product and engineering our last meeting. we've had that network upgrade was completed. I believe it took some extra time but it's now been moved into the done column.

Tyler Wright: since our last meeting, we've actually added a block column because there were a couple items that were in progress but blocked by some other efforts. And so again, we've added this column just for transparency amongst the community, whether it be something that the OCL core team is working on or again, somebody from the community trying to keep these up to date with notes from individual contributors that are involved in these efforts. Archer, I know the SIG Chain to version 0.38.0 was one of the big things that's happened over the last month. Just want to see if there's anything specific you want to talk about in the aftermath of the network up the most recent intermediate network upgrade.

Artur Troian: Yeah,  So we had the intermediate network upgrade a couple weeks ago and the purpose of it was to improve readability for the API especially for the bunch of queries in the market and a store and even though that was kind of quick solution we still going to work on proper really indexer within

Artur Troian: the Cosmos SDK there are a couple movements we saw in V 050 but I don't know how far that effort has been too and most likely we're just going to put AB for the indexer and move along there but anyways upgrade itself took slightly longer than we anticipated there is a recap going on but in  Third, one of the things that we missed during the testing was speed of the performance of the storage. And in this particular upgrade, it was extremely important. And the second item, our state of the blockchain has grew up dramatically within last six, seven months.


### 00:05:00

Artur Troian: one of the reasons just increased usage of the Akash ecosystem as well as introduction of trial wallets. So that prolonged upgrade itself as well as increased time to commit the first block around 20 minutes. we're going to make a consideration of such things for the next upgrade which is SDK47. So we're still working on the plans how it should be executed because SDK47 is itself quite massive upgrade and looks like it's going to be from time perspective taking even longer than the Z 38.

Artur Troian: So we need to do a little bit of work on there to just make sure that we reduce amount of migrations as much as we can. we will be following up on this part on next seed chain. I think that pretty much wraps it up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much just as a mentioned there are a number of items that are in the blocked column as a result of again those most recent intermediate upgrade and it blocking the Cosmos SDK 47 migration over the ca past couple of days we've gotten past this intermediate upgrade.

Tyler Wright: There's been some provider releases that have been talked about extensively during the SIG providers monthly meeting. and now I think focus continues on the network upgrade for Cosmos SDK migration to version 0.47. So that's why it's now back in progress column. before I continue on with some other items here, I just want to see if anybody has any questions about the network upgrade version 0.38.0  zero or any items that are in the block I know Archer has talked about again the next steps and the strategies and planning around the Cosmos SDK 47 migration. so again, we'll talk more about that in great detail during SIG chain. feel free if you want to get more involved in those conversations to join that special interest group next month.

Tyler Wright: One other item that I will point out very quickly is this item proposal 284. This is something that was again brought up by a member of the AOS community. they brought up discussions came to SIG Analytics, created a discussion. got feedback from a number of people in the community, did a proof of concept that they shared at SIG Analytic. and then after that got more feedback from the community via their discussion, came to the steering committee talked about their process during the steering committee, answered any questions from the steering committee and other members of the community and then following that they put their proposal on chain and it passed on March 19th.

Tyler Wright: they are going to again start giving updates in this specific issue. They'll add themselves as an assenee over the next couple of days and then start to leave video updates or just general updates on the work that they're doing. But appreciate Nurmal and the team at Chakra again and it's just an example of the process and pipeline from having an idea to getting feedback from this community.

Tyler Wright: much appreciate everyone in the community for giving feedback, looking at demos, asking tough and critical questions and then all the way to onchain and then continuing to contribute after that. so again, Nurmal and his team who have been quite active in the community and elsewhere on Discord will give constant updates and I'll follow up with them if they start to fall behind on that. Any other questions or comments about anything core product and engineering related before we continue on with some other board updates? All right. next up, just going down the list real fast.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: again there's just a number of efforts that are happening across the client product and engineering whether it be console other related efforts. shout out to the console the client team anal for all the work that's been going on. This work gets discussed extensively during SIG clients. so changes to console talks about again different client tools get talked about during SIG clients in great detail. So there's a number of participants that get involved in those conversation and hear updates on everything that's going on across console as well as SIG provider is where we've been talking about extensively the provider console related items.

Tyler Wright: So again, I don't want to beat a dead horse because we go into those things in great detail during those meetings. What I will call out right now is the product team has done a great job of organizing milestones across all the efforts that are happening. I'll share this screen right now and drop it in. So again, items related to console. obviously you could track on the client product and engineering board but again those items also live in milestones where you can track progress. You can see what's going on. I think it's been updated very consistently and you can see again what's going on across a number of different efforts whether it be mans API or again a wide range of efforts that team is working on.

Tyler Wright: just want to see if there's anything anal or anybody else wanted to call out for any questions anyone had about the work happening across client product engineering efforts. One thing I will call out is and the video and notes will be available soon.  yesterday at SIG providers. again, we got a great update from Dval and Jigger around what's been going on with provider console. just as a reminder to folks that previously have been using Prader. I believe again there's been more than two weeks available for folks to switch to provider console.

Tyler Wright: Jigger and Deval, please correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the plan is to continue announcing folks and let folks know that the end of life should be tomorrow. again, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's what we discussed with that participating sake providers yesterday. So, just a reminder to those that are currently using Prader, please take the measures to transfer everything to provider console.  again insiders and folks that maybe are listening to this recording later. there is a provider channel inside the discord where if anybody has any questions comments concerns you can please ask those and insiders vanguards or Jigger Dval and the rest of the team we'll be sure to answer All right.

Tyler Wright: anything else that anybody wants to talk about as it pertains to efforts on client product and engineering roadmap. All right. continuing on, I know that again, we just wrapped this up, so I'm going to move this to completed. I believe Amanda is here. and I just want to give her some time because I know that she just had a working group for the events 2025 today. there's been a lot going on the community marketing and events initiatives. So there's actually an active proposal on chain for Q2 events. We've been talking about that in some meetings. I'll drop that in. So again for those that please actively vote on that proposal.  But I will hand it over to Amanda to give any updates on what's been going on in Nvidia GTC, which has happened last week, or anything else she wants to share.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, thanks Appreciate it. yeah, so just got back from San Jose. It was a really great week. our team was on the ground for I think five and a half four of those days we were running the expo booth. So that was fantastic. We had a pretty steady stream of people that were coming to our booth and asking questions. I think Zach gave an update before, but it was on Twitter basically saying that it was a really great conference because we didn't really have everyone just understood what Akos was as soon as we mentioned a peer marketplace. it was really a lot of great leads. We handed out a lot of cards. tracking the data for all of that stuff. Greg was able to have us talk at one of the stages.


### 00:15:00

Amanda Keay: we are just waiting right now on that content to get passed to us and then hopefully we'll be able to share with the community. we had a really good side event that was hosted with Cerebral Valley just down the road from the convention center. So, we had a lot of really good conversations that night. and then just spent time attending other events and getting together for a team dinner and a VIP dinner as well, which turned out to be really awesome. it was also the same place where Jensen from Nvidia was also hosting a party, so I felt kind of special. as Tyler mentioned, the Q2 gov prop live right now. for those of you that can vote, just to give a really quick recap, next week, the core team, a few of us will be up at Blockchain Conference, for their one-day event.

Amanda Keay: the following conference is going to be down in Austin, Texas for a hackathon and it's a DAI week. So there's going to be a bunch of decentralized AI events happening that week. So we're going to be participating in that as well. The next day after that we are flying back to New York City for Cornell's blockchain conference happening on Roosevelt Island. and then May is a little bit light, but then we move right into Akos Accelerate and Permissionless and a few SF events that are kind of tentative right now. so a really busy quarter two. doing it on a budget which is great and really excited about what we can accomplish this quarter.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, I believe that there's some discussions and some information that will be shared soon around everything related to Akos Accelerate. I know that Amanda updated those that joined the working group for events earlier today on all things Akos Accelerate. So, look out for that in discussions and in Discord sometime very soon.  Again, I know there's a number of these efforts that get discussed. If anybody wants to understand and get more involved in the community, do want to give a shout out to Adam Rosney. I think he's here, may not be here.

Tyler Wright: but again he does a great job of creating an atmosphere and he's developed the Akash insiders program and a number of programs that feed out of the insiders where folks can get involved as an Akash ambassador in a number of different ways whether it be through educational courses and programming whether it be through events in their local communities via the ring masters. there's a program called the navigators where folks that are more technical and solution engineers types can answer very specific questions for those that are trying to build on a clash or those that are trying to provide resources on that clash and kind of handhold them through early processes. Again it's really takes an entire army to kind of do BD because the overclock collabs team is quite small.

Tyler Wright: So this navigators group comprised of members of the Oval Lab core team and other members of the community really have a combined team effort to look to bring on startups experienced companies that are trying to understand and leverage the AOSH network. So big shout out to the Navigators and again the Vanguards as well which are very active. Go ahead Adam.  Perfect.

Adam Wozney: Hey guys. So, I just wanted to give a quick kind of update on one of the programs that you had mentioned a minute ago. So, it's the end of the quarter, so I figured I'd throw this one out there, but at the beginning of the year, we launched a new initiative called the Ring Masters, which are community members who are event organizers. And over the past 3 months, they've held 13 totally owned and hosted by community members events in different parts of the world. So, about one per week.  and they've brought in a collective around 1,300 attendees total. Some of which who have applied to become insiders who are now and some of which who are just interested in joining the community. So more stats on various programs to come, but I wanted to give a quick shout out to all the folks who actually helped support that effort because without them it's hard to have a community.  So big shout out to all the ring masters.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, I've dropped in the Kosh Insiders forum inside the chat. It'll be available in the notes for those that are listening and watching later. SIG community is also a place where you'll find Adam on a monthly basis. He talks about all these programs in detail, gets feedback from members of the community, whether they're in these programs or not, to see, how these programs and continue to evolve and improve.  So again, SIG community meets every month. I think the second Tuesday of each month. please feel free to join that special interest group if you want to learn more about how to get involved with the community and all the different programs in the insider community that are available to participate Cool.

Tyler Wright: just want to see if there's anything else on the community and marketing initiatives board that anybody wants to call out here during the steering committee before we move on.  If not, then again, insiders, vanguards, other members of the community and core team are always available inside discord and other channels to answer any specific questions that anybody does have. All moving back, the next item that we usually go over are discussions.

Tyler Wright: As mentioned, you could see the track that for going from having an idea to getting feedback from the community to creating a discussion so that folks can get more involved to getting more feedback via Sig working group and then coming to the steering committee and then putting something on chain.  So, I don't believe anybody had reached out previously or has taken the measures to go through a SIG or working group yet. but I just want to see if there's any active discussions that anybody wanted to highlight here today.

Tyler Wright: This is just a friendly reminder to folks in the community as well as again folks listening in that your opinion always matters. There's a number of these discussions that are looking for feedback. If you have any thoughts, concerns, questions, please feel free to make your voice heard in again follow up with one of these discussions and start a follow-up dialogue in Discord. GitHub would be the preferred method to track everything, but please it's most important that you just make your voice heard. I know a number of people reach out to me about certain discussions as well as other members of the community and core team. Just ask that you make those opinions as public as possible because I'm sure a number of other people have the same ideas that you do. And again, we'll make sure to continue to give these updates and update these

Tyler Wright: All again, if there's nothing that anybody wants to focus on in terms of discussion, then we can continue on in the agenda and talk about open any other items that maybe haven't been discussed that anybody wants to bring up at this point.  All right. I know we have again a lighter than usual crowd.

Tyler Wright: again, if anybody has anything that they want to bring up the next steering committee meeting, or at a specific SIGER working group and they don't know where to bring it up, please feel free to reach out to me, Tyler Core team in Discord, with an idea, feedback, questions, concerns, and I'll push you to a specific state or working group to make your voice hear feedback, get involved, etc.  And I would ask that any insiders or anybody else tuned in can do the same and try to push people into some of those public settings to make their verse make their voice heard. All right. if there's nothing there then I will just jump into the last section.

Tyler Wright: as we look ahead, you can track all things related to what's going on in terms of the net network roadmap. Again, there's a number of items that folks are thinking about and working on. I will call out that again some of these are items that the core theme are working on Cosmos SDK47 migration.  some of these items are just on the road map and don't have an owner yet. There is a process for those that want to get more involved. obviously having to show a proof of concept, showcase, abilities. but there are some teams out there that are continuing to get involved take on some of these items that are on the road map and again participate and contribute to the growth of the AOSH network.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: that's open to anybody that wants to participate. but I just want to make sure that that roadmap is made available to folks. And then as we look forward, again, we have the steering committee that we're at looking forward to next month, we have s economics. There have been two proposals that have been talked about at the last SIG economics meeting that have passed since our last AOS steering committee.  So I know that the SIG economics group is a lively group of folks talking about a number of different items. and then as you can see there's chain SIG communities, SIG clients which meets by monthly. So again we'll get some more updates on console and some of the other items across the community and clients and other folks may be building.

Tyler Wright: six supports is a meeting where again all issues related to the core code the node repo as well as the provider repo those items live. So during the sig support any issues that get triaged by members of the core team.  So again, if anybody has any questions about any potential bugs, issues that have gone through the escalation process and now are an active issue, feel free to join that SIG to connect with members of the core engineering team, talk about specific issues, talk about potential solutions, priority, etc. and then events as Amanda has done today.

Tyler Wright: please that's another way for folks to get involved. Again, there's a number of items that will be happening throughout the month. If anybody has any questions about the SIG schedule, any updates, any thoughts, feel free to reach out to me. but really looking forward to seeing more people get involved in some of these conversations, get involved in some of these items on the road and contribute to again the constant growth of the AAS network. That's all I have. I just want to see if anybody h else has anything that they want to discuss before I let you all go. again, shorter than usual, but we've certainly had steering committees that have run long, so it all balances itself out. Much appreciate everybody joining today. again, thanks to those that are listening later.

Tyler Wright: We'll make sure that the recording and notes and transcript are made available shortly. again, I'll say for the eth time, spins and working groups are just great ways to get involved in the community, make your voice heard, see what's going on, conribute. so again, look to find something, feel free to ask questions inside Discord, join us at an event. but much appreciate everyone's time and energy and contributions.  Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and we'll talk shortly. See you all in the metaverse. as is said by Adam. Bye-bye.

Zeke Ezagui: Appreciate you.

Rodri R: You guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:32:52 ðŸ‘‹


