## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #27

## Agenda
- Community Feedback and Participation
- Project Board Updates
  - Community, Marketing, and Events
  - Client Product and Engineering
  - Core Product and Engineering
- Proposals and Discussions

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, April 24, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://2xkpkzs4tytpvwgh7tzkc5spywwk3kxcgvkydlcbmikynnxgg7ka.arweave.net/1dT1ZlyeJvrYx_zyoXZPxaytquI1VYGsQWIVhrbmN9Q)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Alex Pedersen
- Artur Troian
- B S
- CriptoRuim
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Fenil Modi
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Tyler
- Joao Luna
- Julius Haus
- Maxime Beauchamp
- o√Øclid
- Rene Claude
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback and Participation
- No grievances or structural concerns raised at the start.
- Tyler highlighted opportunities for community involvement through SIGs, working groups, and GitHub.

### Project Board Updates

#### Community, Marketing, and Events
- Amanda Keay shared updates in her absence:
  - Akash Accelerate scheduled for June 23, 2025, in Brooklyn and virtually.
  - Permissionless conference to follow June 24‚Äì26.
  - Registration open, and marketing assets being shared.
- Akash Insiders program expanding across Vanguards, Navigators, Ring Masters, and Alchemists.
- Q2 events proposal has passed; final votes for Akash Accelerate 2025 are ongoing.

#### Client Product and Engineering
- Maxime Beauchamp and the console team shared updates during the recent SIG Clients meeting.
- Praetor app has been deprecated in favor of the new provider console.
- Ongoing feedback cycles and milestone tracking available on GitHub.

#### Core Product and Engineering
- Artur Troian shared updates:
  - Focus remains on JWT provisioning (AEP 64) as a prerequisite for SDK 0.47 migration.
  - Planning to bundle minor features into the major upgrade (e.g., status quota improvements).
  - Chakra Labs continues to deliver updates on Proposal 284 work through GitHub.
  - Future SIG Analytics meeting planned for live updates from Chakra Labs.

### Proposals and Active Discussions
- Dooor team shared a trusted execution proof of concept at SIG Providers, ongoing feedback encouraged.
- Human HQ seeking additional feedback on deploy integration into Akash Console.
- Tyler encouraged community to participate more in GitHub discussions to strengthen proposals and collaborations.

### Open Floor Items
- Rene Claude offered to contribute; opportunities highlighted for Go and React developers, and documentation support.
- o√Øclid raised a pending message issue on Discord; Tyler to follow up.

### Closing and Next Steps
- Next Steering Committee scheduled for May 29, 2025.
- Reminder for members to check the [community calendar](https://akash.network/development/welcome/#calendar) for upcoming SIG and working group meetings.
- Community urged to keep GitHub, Discord, and the development roadmap under active review for opportunities to engage.

## Action Items
- Community members to vote on the [Akash Accelerate 2025 proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/289) before voting closes.
- Tyler Wright to continue promoting SIG participation for discussions around SDK 0.47 migration, JWT updates, and roadmap features.
- Chakra Labs to continue providing weekly updates on [Proposal 284](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/284) indexing progress through GitHub.
- Akash community members encouraged to review and contribute feedback to Dooor team‚Äôs [Trusted Execution discussion](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/872).
- Members interested in technical contributions (Go/React) encouraged to explore open issues in GitHub repositories for console and provider codebases.

## **Attendees**

Alex Pedersen, Artur Troian, B S, CriptoRuim, Damir Simpovic, Deathless, Fenil Modi, Fireflies.ai Notetaker Tyler, Joao Luna, Julius Haus, Maxime Beauchamp, o√Øclid, Rene Claude, Rodri R, Scott Carruthers, Tyler Wright, Zeke Ezagui


# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Akash Network monthly steering committee. It is April 24th, 2025. The Akash network monthly steering committee is a culmination of all the SIGs and working groups that are part of the Akash network open community group infrastructure. again, there's a number of groups that happen throughout the month. for those that want to participate, I will drop a link so that folks can have it in their calendar. and then again, this always lives in the notes. We have a pretty steady agenda that we go through on a monthly basis. so again, if anybody has any additional agenda items that they would like to talk about, feel free.

Tyler Wright: but you can see the typical agenda that we go through and kind of track all the previous meetings, recordings, transcripts all lives on the steering committee specific folder inside the cash network organization and ub. All right, so getting us right into it. just want to see if there's any community feedback, grievances or conflicts about the SIGs and working group structure or anything Akos network related that anybody wants to talk about right now. All right. continuing on with the agenda.

Tyler Wright: again we're at the point where we have a number of project boards that are public facing. We also have an AOS network roadmap that again anybody from the community can participate in. I'll drop that in the chat for folks so they can kind of track what's going on with the road map and items on the road map.  Again, there are a number of ways that folks can participate in the road map all by obviously coming to SIG and working groups and seeing what members of the community and members of the core team are working on and thinking about and talking about. There's also in GitHub an area where folks can participate in what we call apes.

Tyler Wright: so these are just big items that are part of the roadmap that are being worked on thought about by members of the core team and the community alike. again I'll drop a quick link into the ape infrastructure so that folks can track again various apes then end up on the road map once they go through a rigorous auditing and review process. All right. again, I know some folks aren't here that are normally here. so I may be giving some updates on their behalf. We go into detail about a number of these topics during the various SIGs and working groups.

Tyler Wright: So again on the marketing and community side there is a special interest group around the community that meets on a monthly basis led by Adam Wney head of community. there is a working group around events that meets on a monthly basis led by Amanda who runs events at Akos for Overclock Labs. and then there is a SIG design group that meets on a monthly basis where Dennis and other members of the core team and the rest of the community come together to talk about marketing assets whether they be visual communication animation video work copy or otherwise. So again there's a number of opportunities to talk about some of these ideas in more detail.

Tyler Wright: A couple of things that I will highlight on behalf of Amanda are around Akos accelerate and Permissionless is part of the Q2 events proposal that passed on chain a number of weeks back. and again that's an effort in Brooklyn where Akash will have a presence and I'm sure Amanda will talk about that more during the working group for events especially as we get closer. That event I believe is June th through the 26th in Brooklyn. but directly prior to that Akos Accelerate which again members of Zach and the marketing team put out some marketing assets around Akash accelerate starting last week.

Tyler Wright: there is a signup page that I will put in the chat for folks that want to register for the event. And this is again the day before permissionless happening again live from Brooklyn June 23rd and it's also happening virtually. there was an Akash insider call that just happened where Adam WNY was talking to members of the community and members of ring masters and other insiders about again virtual events that'll be happening all over the world. So whether you want to watch it at a watch party in real life with some other members of your local community or whether you will just want to watch it virtually from the comfort of your own home again there will be opportunities to watch along with all the things that are happening around the cost accelerate.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: there's a number of keynote discussions happening throughout the day. Again this is the second iteration of the AOS accelerate. You can track a number of the participants. and again this list will continue to fill out with more and more folks as speakers confirm their attendance. There's some forms here if you're interested in attending yourself and you can track the location.  But again for validators and others listening in the vote to support some of the efforts going on around AOS accelerate is on chain right now. I think there's about three or four days left for folks to participate in the onchain proposal to support AOS accelerate 2025. So again vote if you haven't already and thank you to all those that have voted.

Tyler Wright: Any questions about a crash accelerator permissionless? Again, there's a number of other efforts that are going on in where you can get greater detail in SIG community and some of the other special interest groups. So, please if you haven't again make sure you can join especially if you're interested in some of those topics. it's a great place to meet other folks. have conversations and really participate and contribute to the growth of the network. I will also drop in and there are some updates happening to the community page to again talk about all the programs that are happening in the community in the ecosystem.

Tyler Wright: but again for those that want to hear more and learn more about their Kosh insiders program and again it's a free program for ambassadors and it's really the tip of the spear as Adam likes to call it of folks in the community that are again meeting on a regular basis getting involved in some of these subgroups like the Akos Vanguards that is always giving 24 by7 support to folks in discord navigators which is a group of solutions engineers Ring Masters, which is a group that puts together live events. And then again, there's Alchemist that does, u video work around edu and educating folks on the Akash network and some of the features. So again, there's just so many ways for folks to contribute and participate. So if you're looking for more information, I would say please look at the Akash Insiders program and just ask questions inside Discord.

Tyler Wright: I'm sure insiders currently or other members of the community can help point you in various directions for you to help and contribute. Is there anything else on the community and marketing front that anybody wants to discuss before we move on? All right.  Next up, we'll jump into client product and engineering roadmap. Again, this is another project board where folks can track a number of items the core engineering team and other folks that are working closely with the core engineering team are working on at any given time. again, there's a number of items.

Tyler Wright: I know that Anneil who is usually here is doing some traveling for some in real life events that he'll be speaking on behalf of Akos network I think in the next few hours and days but there was a SIG client's meeting shout out to Max and some of the other members of the client team that showed up.  This is a bimonthly meeting where members of the Akos console team come together as well as other folks in the community that are building clients on top of Akos have the opportunity to talk about ideas, get feedback on certain items and just talk about updates on all the work that's being done. again, this is a bimonthly meeting.

Tyler Wright: Max gave a number of detailed updates on all the things that the console team has been working on all the items that have been shipped over the last few weeks slash months. for folks that want to get more involved or just want to understand just the level of detail and transparency being provided by the client and product engineering team. Please feel free to go to the Akash network  inside the net repo you can see console and you can track again open issues related to the console as well as milestones so again a number of the efforts that live on the project board in specific issues you can track really the milestones spe deadlines you can go inside and kind of see some of the specific issues that are being worked on and ask questions again join the cigar working group if you want to contribute to some


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: these items. but this is a great source of truth across a number of efforts that are happening related to the AOSH console. We also have a monthly SIG providers meeting where members of the community and the core team come together to talk about all things provider related on the AOSH network. during that meeting Dval and Jigger who previously created Prador which is now a part of the Akash provider console it's been open source and is available for folks to contribute and obviously again we get an update on all the work that they've been doing.

Tyler Wright: as you can see, there are a number of folks that they've been putting through testing in terms of the provider console maintenance and management experience as well as some stuff on the build side. and so again, they've been taking that feedback and continuing to improve the product. And you can kind of track some of the items that are still ongoing and look at close items to see the items that are  Hopping back into again the project board. There's a number of ongoing items that are in review that are ongoing right now. Just want to see if there's anything that anybody had questions about here on this call. again, we have SIG clients where we talk about some of these items in more detail.

Tyler Wright: and I know again some of the folks that are usually here weren't able to make it today, but I just want to see if there's anything as it pertains to client product and engineering that anybody wants to discuss in more detail. All right, continuing to move along. again we have a number of SIGs where members of our core engineering team are actively participating. We have a SIG support that happens every month where folks that want to discuss open issues related to the node repo or related to the provider repo to come together related all things core related.

Tyler Wright: the group triages any issues that are awaiting triage, puts specific priority on those, discusses those issues, feels questions from the community. If anybody has any questions about prioritization, what the issue is, shortcomings, next steps, etc.  You can always join SIG support on a monthly basis to get updates on all things again core as well as SIG chain is an opportunity where Archer and other members of the core engineering team come together to discuss all things related to the blockchain. So that's everything from network upgrades to validator relations.

Tyler Wright: again there's a SIG chain that meets on a monthly basis usually at the beginning of the month but this past month they met actually a couple days ago to discuss everything as pertains to JWT which is a big effort that's ongoing around the core engineering team coming out of the last intermediate network upgrade as well as again just a number of other things that the folks are thinking about across core engineering in the product.  So for folks that want to get closer to the core engineering team, again, I would say that the SIG support and SIG chain are great opportunities to ask specific questions and get insights from folks that are at the backbone of building a lot of the things that we're all using.

Tyler Wright: Before I hand it over to Archer to see if there's anything that he wants to talk about as it pertains to JWT, I know that the team behind the chakra team that received some money from the community pool on March 19th has been actively working on again their public good indexing support. for folks that want to track, I would always remind you that you can track the updates and Nurmal from the chalker team has done a great job of providing consistent updates on all the work and just providing links.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: So, if anybody wants to track how those community pool funds are being spent and some of the efforts by the chakra team, please track the proposal 284 issue on this project board and you can again get constant updates and I believe we'll have a sick analytics meeting maybe next month to just get an update from them live for folks that want to talk to the team live. Any questions? on anything on the board before I hand it over to Archer to just see if there's anything that he wants to highlight in terms of JWT or otherwise on a number of efforts that going on core. Archer, I think you were here at one point. up you are still here. I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to quickly highlight. Again, I know you went into detail about JWT during SIG chain,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: but just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to highlight for the group.

Artur Troian: I think this thanks.

Artur Troian: I think this is pretty much the same. we are full hands down on the JWT provisioning to the provider codebase. I'm still on track for anyone who interested you can check out AP64 which now is in relations to the other efforts the biggest one is obviously SDK47.  So we are slowly ramping up progress on that and I will have a milestone with bunch of tickets as well as tasks that related to the SDK47 upgrade in the next few weeks and I'm also reviewing existing road map and checking what features we may want to include into the permanent upgrade

Artur Troian: as state migration will be massive and it probably makes sense to include some other minor features like this status quarter and few other things that are on existing road map and I think that is pretty much

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, Archie and other folks have done a great deal of work around putting together Ape 64 as well as a number of other apes. So, again, I think he's opened up to members of the community to give feedback, ask questions. we've talked about this in great detail. Thank you, Luna, for dropping in the chat. and as Archer mentioned, for those that want to track more of what's going on on the core side, again, there's the issues, that folks can track and you can see again, triage or where prioritization. you can also, as Archer mentioned, track what's going on as it pertains to JWT and some of the provider services items, that are ongoing here.

Tyler Wright: right now as Archer mentioned the Cosmos SDK 47 work will really pick up sometime soon after JWT work is complete. and then again there will be some milestones built out around the work there for folks to track and ask questions about and get involved in if they have the abilities. Awesome.  Anyone have anything specific that they want to talk about as it pertains to core product and engineering before we continue on with the agenda. I just want to call out some other work.

Tyler Wright: there's some other work happening around proxy configuration that again will be announced when it's live for folks to start interacting with. So, Discord is always a great place again, it's a builder community, so it's always a great place for folks to check in on whether it be on provider announcements deployment related items or otherwise. All right. continuing on with the agenda. next up, we usually jump into discussions. I don't believe there's any active discussions ongoing that we will talk about during the steering committee. I will point out that again, I appreciate those that have been getting involved in some discussions around some of these items.

Tyler Wright: there was a group that I want to call out now now a team that came in through some other members of the community called Door.  They had their own product that they've been building and they came to the AOS network because they were looking for a decentralized compute network and after much testing on a number of items. Another number of other networks they found that Akos was a solution that actually worked for them. they ran into some issues in terms of features as they were continuing to build out their product and proposed a solution to kind of that would solve their needs. but I know that there were some other folks in the community that were also having some TE related issues that would be solved by some future additions. This group came to SIG providers.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: They also had worked closely with members of the core engineering team over the last month. you can track their work and their demo that they put forth. Again, it was like an early iteration, a proof of concept of the work that they were trying to do. The core engineering team from overclock labs gave them some very valuable feedback on some potential security concerns as well as implementation and some other ways to think about implementation. so again the door team is very interested in solving this problem. there was also some feedback on creating a potential solution that would solve a wider range of issues for folks across the edge kosh community.

Tyler Wright: but again their discussion brought forth a lively conversation during SIG providers where folks were asking a number of questions talking about specifications issues across maintenance of a potential implementation security concerns so again I would urge anybody here on this call or listening to this call later it's a great  place to join these signs and working groups, talk to members of the core team, put forth discussions that progress across a number of different thoughts and efforts that just improve the AOSH network.

Tyler Wright: So whether it's this discussion right here or whether it be other discussions that you can kind of see I know that human hq again who's done phase one work around that provide around a built-in deploy experience inside of kosh console is looking for additional feedback people to use their initial phase one tooling and give fa feedback on phase two.  there's a number of active discussions from technical teams and non-technical teams that are just trying to push forth the Akos network.

Tyler Wright: So again, if folks can get involved in those discussions, ask questions, give feedback, give votes of support, that would go a long way in continuing to again drive some of these conversations forward towards progress and towards again continued growth and evolution of the Akash network.  I did want to see if there's any discussions that anybody wanted to talk about in more detail right now. If not, then again, I'll just say it for the up time that it would be always great for folks to get involved in these discussions.

Tyler Wright: It helps push conversations forward. It helps drive again the direction of some of these teams as they look to contribute to their Kash network. So everybody's input is extremely valuable. Whether it's just a question that you think is quote unquote too dumb, please feel free to ask it.  Again, we're always looking to leverage a community pool for teams that are looking to build source features open source contributions that really help support the entire network, whether it be on the deploy side the provider side or otherwise. All right.

Tyler Wright: If there is nothing else there then again we're at a point of the agenda where we usually open the floor up to see if there's any questions or thoughts that anybody has. again usually discussions take up a good portion after we talk about the project boards. but I know a number of folks could not make it today. and we'll probably have a number of discussions next month to talk about not But just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wanted to talk about in front of the steering committee or have a steering committee listen to later or just in front of the folks here on this call in the community.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, I'll just urge people to always be looking at the road map for folks that come into the community. please remind them that there's always a number of ways to contribute whether it's joining a SIG or working group call whether it's looking at the road map looking at an issue seeing where they can contribute again there's a console which is an open source deployment tool and also a tool for folks on the provider side to manage and build providers there's a number of places for folks to get involved and understand what's going on across core engineering and other efforts

Tyler Wright: efforts in Discord as well as in GitHub. so always point people in that direction. Again, if you go to the development area and the community calendar, you can kind of see what's going on. we've changed the cadence of the working group for the Akash website weekly just to manage folks time. so again, I know there's a number of efforts going on with the community page as well as Akos Accelerate as well as the homepage.  So for folks that want to get involved in the Akos website as well as the documentation which lives at aos.networkdocs, feel free to join that working group. I know that Scott Huittson and Chang are always spurring on lively discussions during sick economics. Folks that the AKT token thinking about some other efforts.

Tyler Wright: So again if you want to get more involved in economics feel free to join that sig economics group that meets usually the first Wednesday of every month and it'll be meeting again May 7th and again just take a look at the entire calendar and track a number of efforts that are going on across things and working groups. Before I let you go, just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss or highlight before again we drop off.

Rene Claude: Hey Tyler, can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes, I can.

Rene Claude: Hey, my name's Rene Claw. Or is a senior developer and project manager in Atlanta. I was invited in by one of your community members and so kind of looking forward to contributing or helping out. I saw a couple issues on different os. Really curious where your area of greatest need is right now.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think the community is always looking for folks that Go developers. a lot of the codebase is especially the Go core codebase. So whether it be items around the Bit Engine script or just provider related code or node related code, Go developers are always folks that were looking for the console. I think a lot of it was written in React. So again, there's teams that use the console and that are looking to add some additional features. that's always an avenue for folks to get involved in. Again, there's a number of folks in the core engineering team that are actively working on console. I would just say look at documentation as well.

Tyler Wright: for folks that are technical, there's always avenues. I know our core engineering team focuses on some documentation, a lot of technical documentation, but there's always, ways to get involved there. yeah, I would say you could always reach out to myself or another insider. but those are just a couple of the technical avenues in which some support is needed. I would also again urge folks to get involved in the Siger working group because again that's where you can hear about some of the conversations that are just starting around specific topics. but yeah, hope that answers your question. I could also drop some links in in terms of whether it be the support repo and some of the issues there. but just again feel free to ask questions. We always try to find things that folks are interested in and passionate about.

Tyler Wright: and really kind of experts in to kind of get their teeth wet or excuse me, sink their teeth in. and then as they get more acclimated and understand the Akash network like a technical port a little bit more then we hope that they just widen their net and ways that they're looking to contribute.


### 00:30:00

Rene Claude: Yeah, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, of course. Any other questions or any other thoughts that anybody wants to discuss right now? If not, then again, much appreciate everyone's participation. As you can see, our next steering committee will be May 29th, a little bit over a month. go ahead, Oakid. Let's see your hand up.

o√Øclid: Yeah. Hi. quick one. I don't notice I sent you a message in Discord. Didn't get a response from Hello. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Yep. I think I saw it. Is it related to bounties?

o√Øclid: a bit is it? Not exactly. we can convert if you pray that we can convert in the discord.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'll go back in and track that message and follow up with you.

o√Øclid: All right. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Again, thank you those that are here today. to those listening in and watching later, again, please drop any feedback that you have in a sager working group channel. and we will reconnect at the end of May on the 29th at around the same time. But appreciate everyone's again efforts, contributions.

Tyler Wright: If you have any additional questions, please feel free to use me as a resource or just tag the Akash Insiders and I'm sure they will be able to point you in the right direction. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day a great weekend and again look out for updates very soon across a number of different efforts. Thank you all. Goodbye.

o√Øclid: and prosper everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:35:13 üëã


