## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #28

## Agenda
- Community Feedback and Participation
- Project Board Updates:
  - Community, Marketing, and Events
  - Client Product and Engineering
  - Core Product and Engineering
- GitHub Proposals and Discussions
- Roadmap and Look Ahead

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, May 29, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants
- Amanda Keay
- AMerePotato
- Anil Murty
- Cheng Wang
- Chinedu Nwadike
- Deval Patel
- Fenil Modi
- Hiroshi Ikeda
- Jigar Patel
- Joshua Meyer
- Luca Fortes
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Community, Events and Marketing Updates
- Amanda Keay reported final preparations for Akash Accelerate and Permissionless 2025.
- Run of show is finalized and will be posted online.
- Speakers have received invites, and VIP dinner plans are confirmed.
- Merchandise is in production, vendors secured, and session titles being finalized.
- The venue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn can accommodate up to 500 people under one roof.
- Greg will deliver a keynote at Permissionless on June 25, 2025.
- Community is encouraged to register and attend both events.

### Community Involvement
- Tyler Wright promoted participation in the SIG Community group led by Adam Wozney.
- Community members can join education programs, including Akash EDU and documentation efforts.
- Weekly meetings for the website working group continue to improve docs and site features.
- Updates about Zealy to be shared in future SIG Community meetings.

### Client Product and Engineering
- Active milestones and GitHub issues were reviewed.
- Provider console improvements presented by Jigar Patel and Deval Patel at SIG Providers.
- AMerePotato inquired about contributor opportunities; Tyler noted onboarding happens through SIG Clients.
- Focus remains on key issues, but contributors are welcome to introduce themselves and join efforts where relevant.

### Core Product and Engineering
- Major efforts underway include migration from Cosmos SDK v0.45 to v0.47.
- Intermediate upgrades were required due to network growth.
- JWT implementation and Proposal 284 (Akash Analytics by Chakra Labs) were reviewed.
- Zeke and Scott are cleaning up the SIG Support repo, celebrating five years of active community issue tracking.
- Community is encouraged to contribute through support repo and SIG Chain/SIG Support channels.

### GitHub Proposals and Discussions
- Tyler discussed:
  - DEAI Hub in Austin for IRL collaboration among grant recipients and Akash insiders.
  - AEP 62 (Provider Console), AEP 63 (Managed Wallet API), and AEP 64 (JWT Authentication).
- These [proposals](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/914) have undergone community review and are ready for on-chain voting.

### Open Floor and Roadmap
- No new discussions were raised during open floor.
- Anil Murty shared a link to the [Akash roadmap](https://akash.network/roadmap/2025/) showing major initiatives, updated weekly.
- Upcoming meetings:
  - SIG Economics (early June)
  - SIG Chain, SIG Community
  - SIG Clients resumes on June 17 (bimonthly)
  - Final Events Working Group before Akash Accelerate
  - Next Steering Committee: June 26, 2025

## Action Items
- Post finalized run of show for Akash Accelerate to the [official website](https://akash.network/akash-accelerate-2025/).
- Share Zealy updates in next SIG Community meeting.
- Tyler to encourage contributor onboarding through SIG Clients and Discord intros.
- Continue support repo cleanup for better community contribution workflows.
- Push AEP 62, 63, 64, and DEAI Hub proposals on-chain.
- Promote roadmap visibility and updates via community channels.
- Community to participate in upcoming meetings: SIG Economics, SIG Chain, SIG Clients, and Steering Committee.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash Steering Committee monthly meeting. It is May 29th, 2025.  During the Akash monthly steering committee meeting, the group goes through a typical agenda where folks in the community can come together to talk about themes around specific community groups. get updates on all things happening across project boards being done by the Overclock Labs team and other teams within the community.  there's an area of the discussion where we talk about active discussions in GitHub that will lead to either res changes or lead to going on chain for vote and then we follow up and see if there's any other topics that anybody wants to discuss before I jump into the agenda.

Tyler Wright: again, I just want to see if there's discussions that anybody wants to bring up during the steering committee, and I'll make sure that we talk about them during the section at the end. All just as a reminder you could track all events related to the Akash steering committee as well as all of the community groups SIG special interest groups and working groups inside the community Again all the videos, notes and transcripts are made available. Shout out to George Pro from the community for his support in helping out with notes.

Tyler Wright: and again, the videos are available to everybody. I know there's a number of people that reached out to me that had a conflict today that wouldn't be able to so again, we always make the recordings available as quickly as possible for those to continue to track what's going on across the Kosh network ecosystem and community.  As we always do, we start out with ing, discussing, and addressing any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts related to again the community at large or the community groups specifically. So, does anyone have any community feedback or grievances that they want to talk about at this time? All again, anybody from the community can always use Discord.

Tyler Wright: the communication tool for builders to talk about anything related to SIGs and working groups community or any other again feedback that might be relevant. Next up in the agenda as we go over project board so again there's three project boards for transparency across the AOS network. there's a client and product engineering roadmap where we discuss things relate to the client as well as relate to console. there is a board related to core product engineering for again core efforts. as well as a community and marketing board where we talk about again community based efforts like the edu programs and marketing based efforts. we're going to start today with the marketing board. I am going to hand it over to Amanda.

Tyler Wright: I know that Amanda has a lot going on and we had the working group for events just yesterday. but again this is the last steering committee here today before the Akos accelerates will happen next month. and I know there's a lot of work being done around Akos Accelerate as well as permissionless 2025 which is a part of the Q2 event proposal.  So again, I just want to hand it over to Amanda to give the community an update on all things happening around the cost accelerate permission list because I know there's a great deal of work that's been going into both those efforts.

Amanda Keay: Thanks, yeah, it's been a really busy last month. I think we're in a really great position. for those of you that showed up yesterday for the events working group call, I went into more detail regarding exactly all of the little tiny details that I'm nailing down right now.  But the high level highlevel overview is we have our run of show finalized that will be going live on our website probably tomorrow. all of the speakers have received their invitations and calendar invites. the VIP dinner for the speakers is scheduled and everything is set for there. We have all of our merchandise purchased and is slowly being delivered. all of our vendors are lined up.

Amanda Keay: We have production being finalized today for all of the touch points inside the venue. and working on session titles and little tiny details for here on out. but I'm really excited. I feel like the community is going to be blown away.  For those of you that came last year to Akos Accelerate, you'll know that we were in three separate places all within the same general area. we kind of took over one whole block in Austin, Texas. This year we're going to be in Williamsburg, New one block away from the water, so you can actually see the New York skyline from our rooftop. And it's a 500 person capacity building.


### 00:05:00

Amanda Keay: So, we'll be able to have everybody under one roof. so really, I guess, above and beyond with all of the different touch points, and, production that's going to be going into this conference. really excited about that. and Permissionless is going to be, the three days following AOS accelerate, so through the 26th.  Greg is doing a keynote on the 25th. our team will be around for some side events that are happening that week. as well as meeting up with fellow people in New York City. there's a lot happening that week. So I feel like it's going to be a big buzz of people in New York and Brooklyn.

Amanda Keay: So, excited about that and looking forward to seeing everyone there for Kosh Accelerate. Let me know if you have any questions.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Again, shout out to Amanda and other folks on the team that have been working on a cost accelerate permission list and some of the associated side events around both of those events. So, I know it's been a lot of work going on and again I've dropped in the link to the cast accelerate page where folks that can ster. again there's a number of key individuals that will be giving talks being a part of panels. So major shout out to everyone here involved. I know a number of these folks actively are using the AOS network that has come through again tools that work a network that works and community involvement that has pushed many of these leads again from Discord or elsewhere into being deployed on the So shout out to the community for all that you do.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions around events before we touch on just a couple other things to call out specifically for those that want to get more involved in some of the Akash community programming. There's a SIG called SIG community run by Adam Wney who is the head of community at Overclock Labs.  he kind of shepherds and has developed a number of programs that the community participates in. He's been doing a lot of work around the Akos edu efforts so designing new courses for new members of the community, new insiders to learn more about AOS and kind of uplevel themselves. Obviously, we have the documentation and as another tool, but again building more ambassadors and more folks that can talk at a high level on a deep level about Akos and get more people involved.

Tyler Wright: So again, if you want to get more involved around edu programs or some of the other community initiatives, there is a SIG community group inside of Discord, a channel, as well as a monthly meeting that happens. and Adam will be the person to talk to about some of those efforts.  The last thing I'll touch on in terms of marketing community efforts is just again there's a weekly meeting that happens around the Akash website where again there's a number of teams and individuals that come together to talk about open issues, website improvements, contributions, documentation, etc. anybody from the community, I know that the community or the contribution support manager is on the call.

Tyler Wright: anybody from the community that wants to get involved in supporting to improve the website documentation is more than welcome to join the website working group that meets on a weekly basis often. and again could talk about ways to respond to issues or reach out to the contributions manager in Discord to help guide you in ways in which you can contribute to again the website and the I know in the future steering committee in the future SIG community meeting there will be some follow-up work discussion about Zeely. Again, the person that's been working on Zeli couldn't make it here today, but I just want to shout out that there will be some follow-up happening Zeely happening soon. So, just look out for that in future meetings.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the community and marketing side that anybody wants to discuss before we continue on with all right next up we can dive into some client product and engineering. Again, if anybody has anything that they want to specifically call out, feel free. but as you can see the client and products engineering team does an excellent job of maintaining this transparent board for the community. These are again all efforts that the core team or members of the community are working on. again you can see by assigney and you can kind of track some of these issues go into detail about where things are link to specific commits all that kind of stuff.

Tyler Wright: So, there's just a great deal going on. We talked about some of the stuff in detail during SIG clients as well as SIG providers. One thing I want to call out right now and again we can dive into anything a little bit deeper is so again you have this project board as a source of truth for all things client and product engineering related.  But as well if you go to the console repo I'll switch tabs and then go to issues and milestones. Again you can see a number of milestones related to the Kosh console that are being worked on. and again many of these issues track on to the other project board.

Tyler Wright: but you can see some of the high level initiatives that are happening across console and some of the efforts that are happening across the deployment side of the console as well as API management provider console etc.  One thing that we'll discuss a little bit later during this discussion section but I do want to highlight it now is again yesterday at the sik providers meeting the provider console team led by Jigger and Deval walked through a demo of some of the work that they've been doing around the provider node manager again that's a part of AP62 we'll discuss a little bit later but I know there's a number of active efforts being worked on across the prov

Tyler Wright: provider console chain SDK a number of other again client facing efforts I want to see if anybody had any questions specifically about anything client product and engineering related whether it's items that are in progress in review which again none are right now things that just been moving across the board or anything that's done or up Yes,â€¦

AMerePotato: Can contributors contribute to the client as well.

Tyler Wright: there are certainly opportunities to contribute. I think there is just an expectation that folks that are contributing have a baseline understanding of console or of different ways to contribute. I would say the best ways for those that want to get involved in contributing especially on the client side is have them introduce themselves inside the sick clients channel. from there I can help direct them into again previously there's been a number of good first issues that the client and product engineering team has made available for folks in the community to help solve.

Tyler Wright: But I think right now there's a number of things that the Overclock Labs team is working on that doesn't require any community support at this point.

AMerePotato: Cool. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: But again, always looking for new folks that may be able to contribute and so just getting to know them, understanding what their capabilities is a great first step. Thank you. again, just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to call out on the client product and engineering side before we continue onwards. again, if anybody ever has any questions, feel free to drop them in the SI clients channel.

Tyler Wright: Feel free to drop a specific question inside any of these issues for again feedback from members of Overclock Labscore team and just open conversation with the general community. All right. on the project board side, last but not least, again, we're continuing to track efforts on the core product and engineering side. we talk about these efforts in great detail during the SIG chain and SIG support monthly meetings.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: So if anybody is a go developer and wants to get more involved in contributing to the core codebase again similarly on the client side please introduce yourself in the SIG chain or the SIG support channel where you can again connect with members of the core overclock labs core engineering team that is actively working on and contributing to improving the core codebase feature additions bug fixes  etc. No, one of the big efforts that has been blocked for a while as the core engineering team has been working on other very very high priority items has been the thick chain upgrade to Cosmos SDK version 0.47 from 485.

Tyler Wright: again this process was stalled by an intermediate upgrade that had to happen because of growth and a number of other things has continued to scale over the years.  So in our efforts to get to this big massive upgrade around the SDK migration from Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 again there was an intermediate upgrade that happened and with so many active folks again using the network and we talked about this in great detail during sick chain there was some work that the core engineering team had to do around authentication to help support many of those key clients that use the Kash

Tyler Wright: in active deployments. So again as a network continues to grow there's new pain points and problems that present themselves and the core engineering team actively been working to mitigate those problems and solve those problems. now we're at the point again where the core engineering team is continuing their efforts around the Cosmos SDK rebasing a lot of the code based upon some of the changes that have been implemented more most recently and testing will continue over the next weeks months.

Tyler Wright: so again, those that want to get involved with the Cosmos SDK upgrade, please make your voice heard or feel free to join the SIG chain monthly meeting where you'll meet with again many of the folks that are thinking about this problem both on the overclock labs core engineering team as well as other folks in the Cosmos ecosystem that have done this before. There's a number of other efforts that are going on in the core engineering side. we talked about JWT and we'll talk about that a little bit more during the discussions part because that's an active discussion that Overclock Labs team put forth for community support from the community pool. So we'll talk a little bit more about that later. and then again there's also the proposal 284 this passed on chain on March 19th. The team behind this work Chakra Labs is actively been working again for anybody that wants to track the progress around that work.

Tyler Wright: Nurmala has been giving active updates in the issue for folks. So again you can click into access the data from the indexer as well as you can see that there are vendors that are already starting to leverage Akos analytics. So just something to just continue to monitor. Another effort that came out of the community pool as a public good.  So appreciate those for voting and please feel free to monitor and use that tool as it is a public good. Just want to see if there's anything else on the core engineering side that anybody wants to discuss.

Tyler Wright: One other thing that again I will call out is for those that again want to get more involved on the core side. If you go into the support repo and that's where all issues related to the core product go you go into the issues and again six support is where we triage and talk about those issues actively.  So if you want to participate in helping to solve some of these active issues, again that would be a great place to meet folks and introduce yourself and get involved. but one of the things shout out to two members of the core engineering team, Zeke and Scott. they have been working when they have time amongst a number of other high priority efforts to clean up the SIG support repo.

Tyler Wright: I think two weeks ago it marked five years of the support repo inside the AOS network organization being open. So there's and so many of the issues that are now stale or have been solved or some issues that can now be again combined. the Scott and Zeke and some other members of the core engineering team are spending time when they can to clean up the sick support so that again whether it be members of the overclock labs core team or other members of the general community issues are in a clean place for folks to solve them and contribute. You can also track some milestones that are happening across core engineering. So again these items will be filled out over time.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Again, there are some JWT testing that has taken a little bit longer than the core engineering team was expecting. but there should be updates around JWT implementation over the next couple of days on that side and we'll talk a little bit more about that later.  But again you can track milestones across some of the efforts that the core engineering team is working on testing the Cosmos SDK work is inside the aos network v 1.0 and again we talk about this in great detail during sik chain.

Tyler Wright: So, if you have any questions, comments, concerns about, the blockchain core features on the network, feel free to get involved in chain or SIG support. All right. Does anyone have any specific questions on the core engineering side before or before we continue on with the agenda?  All right.

Anil Murty: Hey yeah, hey everybody. So not a question for core engineering specifically but just more information. just a reminder that you can go to that link that I just pasted in the chat. that shows an external facing road map of the big initiatives that are being pursued this year. it's not like the smallest things but it's at least the most significant ones.  And that road map that I pasted a link to is kept up to date pretty much on a weekly basis. So anybody has any questions on that feel free to hit up one of us me and I can help answer any questions.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Any questions about project boards andor the general roadmap before we continue on to the GitHub discussion section. All right. I just want to see if there's anybody here on the call that has a GitHub discussion that they've talked about in a SIG or working group that they want to present and put on the steering committee here today. Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright: on behalf of overclock labs I have two that I've talked about previously in said community and a number of other meetings but I just wanted to briefly dis follow up with them now and see if there's any questions before again seeing if there's anything that the steering committee needs. the first initiative is around a physical space in Austin, Texas. it's called a DEI space.  This will be a space where Akos insiders, token holders, folks that are working on Akos related initiative, grant holders can come and meet in real life as well as that there is a growing community of AI developers growing and collecting in the Austin area.

Tyler Wright: so again whether it be programming from hackathons to demo days events happening around Austin that can be hosted at the event.  The goal for this space is to have an AOS focused space in real life for folks that care about decentralization deepin and decentralized AI to come together with a goal that folks that maybe don't know about Akos or maybe need a little bit of handholding around Akos can get that handholding in person and start to deploy u new items and new things on AOS and start to provide supply or contribute to the AOS network open source project  as well as have a space that again will grow over time where whether it be people from the community or Overclock Labs, Amanda on the event side or Adam on the community side can host in real life events and again start to build community.

Tyler Wright: one of the bigger efforts that Adam has been working on recently has been around the ring masters program and starting to build communities in regions and I think because Texas is one of those regions that again has a university with the University of Texas of Austin's right there with a really good computer science program. and a number of folks from all over the world coming to Austin thinking about decentralization, thinking about  It just seems like while many folks sit behind their computer much of the day, a space where people can kind of come together, network, create community is very much needed. So again, Overclock Labs has been building out the concept. There's been a number of successful events with, industry leaders across web 3 that have already been there. And at this point, again, this is a public good that should benefit the entire Akos community.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: So if you're an insider and you happen to be in Austin, you go through the proper procedures and that space is available to you. if you again are a developer and you're working on a clash related grant or a contribution and need to connect with members of the core team or you want to host an event, there's this physical space that's available. so just want to see again you can read through more details and go through the budgets, but I just want to see if anybody had any questions about a physical space in Austin, Texas.  Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: No, just I think it's great and an awesome idea and you said it should help the community and all new developers and students whoever is interested. Just wanted to say maybe add somewhere I don't think it also blockchain and web 3 stuff. it doesn't really matter, but just an idea.

Tyler Wright: No, I think that's a good call out and obviously with Akos being at, this intersection, we are very much a web 3 company. there are a number of other projects in and around Austin that share those same goals and the same thesis around web 3. and so again, this space will not only be used for AI only events, but events that benefit Akash and the Akash ecosystem and community.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions on All one more discussion that I just wanted to speak about. as Anneil mentioned on the road map, you can see a number of items as a part of that road map that are called a cost enhancement proposals or ACEs for short.  Three of those apes are being worked on by the overclock labs core engineering team. whether it be again 862 that's being worked on by the client team at overclock labs specifically around the provider console.

Tyler Wright: H63 which is being worked on by the client team which again we've talked about in great detail during the sick clients call which again makes it easier for folks that are non-crypto native to be able to build in integrations lever again with the wallet abstracted away for the AI developers that maybe again don't want to deal with crypto at all there's new tooling available for those that want to integrate into aos more easily in a more traditional way leveraging a manage wallet API that's 863 and then again we've talked in great detail at the top of this call and during SIG chains over the last couple of months around the work around JWT authentication which touches

Tyler Wright: Overclock labs core engineering as well as Overclock Labs client and product team. So these three efforts while again slightly separate proposals have been actively worked on by the Overclock Labs team and instead of asking for three requests, the idea was these are three manageable things that are either live or going to be live very very soon.  And again, Overclock Labs is asking for support from the community pool because these are efforts that benefit the wider community and are again a part of open source tooling or benefit the AOS network and clients and users as a whole. Just want to see if anybody had any questions.

Tyler Wright: I've attached a demo that the again console team did yesterday around the provider de and then again we've talked about the console API for manage wallets during SIG clients and number of other calls over the last couple of months and you can track that milestone inside the console repo.  But I just want to see if anybody had any questions for me or anybody working on this that can be answered before we take next steps. All right. again, these proposals have been up for a couple weeks at this point. We've discussed them before and after the proposals live in various six and working groups.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: So, if anybody has any last minute comments, feel free to just drop them in, the respective chats for this H62, 63, 864, as well as the DEI hub. because those are ready to go on chain. I just wanted to bring them up in front of the steering committee and see if there's any questions, comments, concerns. All right. again, I just want to see if there's any other discussions that anybody wants to bring up before we continue on with the All right, we're in the point in the agenda where we're going to open up the floor to any other questions from community members here.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any questions at a high level that anybody wants to talk about and bring up in front of the steering committee. All right. again, feel free to use any of the Discord channels for if you have any questions, comments or if you want to discuss anything. obviously for those that are insiders, there's an insider channel as well to talk about items, but please feel free to again use Discord as places to ask questions, leave comments, create PRs, just get involved and contribute. All right, lastly, I'm going to again do a quick look ahead.

Tyler Wright: just as a reminder to all folks, if you go to development, you can look under community groups and you can see all the current groups that are being worked on. If you go to the community calendar, you can see a look ahead. Obviously, right now we're in the Kosh steering committee. Looking forward, we have the SIG economics meeting happening at the top of the month. This is a really active meeting for those that care about the AKT token.  I know we have a number of active people that always talk about tokconomics, talk about again the health of the AKT token and all things token related. we also talk about economic initiatives there. So again feel free to join that conversation. I've already talked to you about SIG chain and SIG community.

Tyler Wright: So again, those on the technical side that want to get involved with the core product of the blockchain, feel free to join SIG chain. And those that want to get involved in efforts like edu community building, some of these efforts that ring masters, hosting events in your local region, etc. feel free to join the SIG community. and then again, there's a number of other meetings that are happening over the next month. The SIG clients is a bimonthly meeting. so every other month. We did not meet in May. but again, we'll be meeting in June 17th. So I want to call that out. that's a meeting that meets less regularly, but that's when we get updates on all things related to Kosh console and the deployment side, client related pools and a whole number of other things. and again, I know there's a number of updates that get talked about, discussed on a weekly basis. feel free to join there.

Tyler Wright: I'll shout out Amanda because she's here and again the events working group I think we'll be two days before Akos accelerate but we'll talk about any last minute things during that meeting and then we'll have the steering committee as we always do the last Thursday or the fourth Thursday rather of every month so it'll be June 26.  If anybody has anything else that they want to talk about again feel free to reach out on Discord or GitHub that joined today. very much for those listening in. Also, thank you very much. I hope that you could take a lot of the learnings that you got from the Sakash steering committee and be able to answer questions, be able to direct new and existing users that come into the community that are looking for ways to contribute and get involved.

Tyler Wright: you can have an up-to-date view on all the projects that are being worked on, where folks can get involved, where folks can meet other minded people. So much appreciate everyone's participation. again, just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to talk about real quick before I let you all go. Cool. If not, then we'll make sure that the notes are made available quickly and certainly the recording and again I'll make the recording as quick available as quickly as possible for those that couldn't make it today but want to stay up to date. So thank you all for your participation today. Thank you all for those that are watching later. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day.


### 00:35:00

Cheng Wang: Thank you everybody.

Tyler Wright: And we shall talk soon. Thank you.

Rodri R: You


### Meeting ended after 00:36:18 ðŸ‘‹


