## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #29

## Agenda

* Community feedback and grievances
* Updates from Akash Accelerate and Permissionless
* Community and marketing initiatives overview
* Product and engineering roadmap review
* Console and client updates
* GitHub discussion reviews and proposal pitches
* Announcement of upcoming SIGs and next steering committee
- Roadmap and Look Ahead

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, July 3, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ro4537s2pzt7fqlsjs3gkrbzzwrosdsapju7pq2xeffsduufxs6q.arweave.net/i7nd_lp-Z_LBcky2ZUQ5zaLpDkB6affDVyFLIdKFvL0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Abhinav Gupta
* Adam Wozney
* Alejandro
* AMerePotato
* Andrew Gnatyuk
* Artur Troian
* B S
* Benjamin B
* Chinedu Nwadike
* CriptoRuim
* David Rodriguez
* Deathless
* Fenil Modi
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker
* Jannick Haus
* Jigar Patel
* Joshua Meyer
* Julius Haus
* Kenny R
* Luna
* Maxime Beauchamp
* oiclid
* Purity Ochuko
* Rodri R
* Scott Hewitson
* Shrike
* T M

## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback

* Tyler noted meeting was moved due to Akash Accelerate and summer schedule.
* Calendar access confusion highlighted; Tyler reiterated the community calendar under Akash website’s development tab is the source of truth.
* Andrew Gnatyuk raised concern about lack of reports after events where community pool funds were used. Tyler acknowledged and will follow up to ensure Akash Accelerate reports are shared.

### Community & Marketing Initiatives

* Akash Accelerate and Permissionless events had over 1,000 live/virtual participants.
* Amanda and others led successful coordination; \$25,000 worth of compute credits awarded.
* Akash Insiders hosted watch parties.
* ICML event upcoming with Overclock Labs presence (July 13–19).
* Adam Wozney continuing work on Akash EDU program; six courses live, more in progress.
* Contributions budget open for community developers; documentation revamp efforts ongoing.
* Community encouraged to review and contribute to documentation and open GitHub issues.

### Product & Engineering Roadmap

* JWT implementation nearly complete; testnet release imminent.
* Cosmos SDK 47 migration ongoing; major network upgrade planned for September 30, 2025.
* Community invited to support testing and review open support repo issues.
* Chakra team, funded by community pool, is delivering improved indexing and analytics.
* R\&D on Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) and EVM integration continues in background.
* Transparency efforts around Chakra’s contributions noted; contributors encouraged to engage.

### Console & Client Product Updates

* SIG Clients meeting held recently; console improvements highlighted.
* Console milestones tracked in GitHub; billing page for deployment cost tracking under development.
* Chain SDK changes 90% complete, pending SDK 47 testnet.
* Managed wallet API introduced to abstract crypto from non-crypto native users.
* Console repo open for feedback and contributions.
* Max confirmed details shared during SIG Clients covered ongoing work.

### GitHub Discussions & Proposals

#### Zealy Program – Benjamin B

* Zealy is a learn-to-earn funnel for onboarding contributors.
* Program now has a single lead (Benjamin) to ensure smoother operations.
* Budget proposal: \$38,000 for 4 months, with final month as buffer.
* Community encouraged to leave comments and vote.

#### Discord Monitoring Proposal – Dan

* Dan (validator) proposing Discord analytics and monitoring tools.
* Demo shared in SIG Analytics; community urged to engage with the proposal on GitHub.

#### Overclock Labs Community Request – Adam Wozney

* Proposal live for Q3 community initiatives including Vanguards, Navigators, Alchemists, and bounties.
* Community feedback and votes requested.

#### Blockworks Analytics Dashboard – David Rodriguez

* Proposal to build canonical Akash analytics dashboard hosted on Blockworks Media and Research.
* Blockworks offers SEO reach, institutional access, and customized dashboards.
* Chakra indexer will be primary data source; integration with Akash console indexer planned.
* Max offered collaboration on data queries and API access.
* Proposal options: \$95K for one year or discounted multi-year engagement.
* Feedback requested in GitHub discussion.

#### Jupyter-like Tool for Akash – Shrike

* Demoed a Kaggle-style app for data scientists to deploy Jupyter notebooks on Akash.
* Aimed at simplifying user experience for non-technical users.
* Discussion page and demo video to follow; proposal for funding likely.
* Tyler encouraged Shrike to open a discussion thread for community input.

### Final Comments

* AMerePotato asked about open sourcing the Akash team repo. Tyler noted it’s not public yet; further discussions may follow in SIG Clients.
* Reminder of upcoming SIGs: SIG Chain, SIG Community, SIG Design, and SIG Economics.
* Steering Committee reconvenes on July 31, 2025.

## Action Items

* Tyler to ensure community pool spending reports, especially for Akash Accelerate, are published.
* Benjamin to post Zealy proposal and engage with feedback.
* Community to review and comment on Discord monitoring tool by Dan.
* Max and David Rodriguez to coordinate Chakra integration for analytics dashboard.
* Shrike to publish a discussion and demo video for the Jupyter notebook deployment tool.
* Community to vote on live proposals and participate in upcoming SIGs.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash steering committee. it is July 3rd, 2025. Usually the Kosh network steering committee monthly meetings happen the last Thursday of each month but because of a cash accelerate permissionless and just a busy summertime schedule decided to push back the meeting a week.  I know this next couple of weeks is very hectic for a number of folks across the Overclock Labs core team across the community with a number of upcoming events just general summer schedule. so I know there's a number of folks that will be looking at the recording later and giving feedback to GitHub discussions based upon this recording. So I wanted to make sure we kept this meeting even though a number of folks again may not be able to join live as they usually do.

Tyler Wright: we have a typical agenda that we go through for steering committee. So, I'm going to drop it in the chat for folks as we get started. All right. Again, just as a reminder, you can look at all the previous meetings recordings, notes, transcripts available on GitHub inside the community big shout out to George Pro from the community that helps out with notes. making sure that things are kind of clean and easily digestible for the community. he also does a monthly digest of all the SIGs and working groups. so for folks that maybe have missed out working group, obviously you have the notes, the recordings and the transcripts available via GitHub.

Tyler Wright: but you can get kind of broken down synopsis of notes that George does on a monthly basis. We have a typical agenda that we oftentimes go through and so again I want to make sure that we have enough time. We start off by discussing, and addressing any community feedback. Then we jump into project boards.  So that's where folks can get an update on things being worked on by the Overclock Labs core team as well as other teams in the community. after that we go into a review of any new GitHub discussions. There are a number of active discussions that either have recently gone up on chain or intend to go up on chain very soon. Again, another reason why I wanted to make sure we kept this meeting. I think there's a couple of people that are here today to talk about their discussions that they made live.

Tyler Wright: So, I want to give them some time to be able to do that and talk directly to the community. And then following up with that, again, if there's any other agenda items that anybody wants to make sure that we covered today, feel free to drop them in the chat. and then we can make sure that they're just covered after the discussions area. Last thing we do during the steering committee is look ahead at some of the special interest groups and working groups to look out for over the next month or so. So, again, we'll start as we always do.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any community feedback, grievances or conflicts that anybody wants to bring up right now. I know that one thing that we heard some feedback from a couple of folks in the community around sync and working groups is again making more You can access the calendar on the AOS network website.  there is under the development tab there is a community calendar link that you can use but again that has been challenging with some folks I believe Adam WNY head of community added some language to discord but as a reminder if you don't see something in events and discord events always a source of truth is the AOS network calendar which you can find at network/

Tyler Wright: network/developmentwelcome calendar. So please if you see anybody asking that question in the community or if you see any issues related to that, please reach out to me, reach out to an insider and we can continue to fine-tune that process.  any other feedback or grievances or conflicts that anybody wants to talk about as it pertains to the open network before we continue on. All right. next item on the agenda is looking at the project boards.

Tyler Wright: So again, there are a number of project boards that are available to the entire community where you can track a number of items being worked on. Obviously, you can track what's going on with the map. on the website there is a link to the road map and you can see items that have been worked on previously, items that are on the road map moving forward. and again during this meeting and during SIVs and working groups those items may change based upon conversations with the community. So it is a constantly changing roadap. I know that there are some roadmap changes that'll be made after a accelerate. but again feel free to look at these items and continue to make your voice heard and get involved because the Kosh Accelerate happened last week.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: I'm going to start off with some items on the community and marketing initiative side. so again last week Monday was Akos Accelerate leading up to permission list. So both of those conferences which were big efforts led by Amanda from Overclock Labs team as well as a number of other folks that got involved from the working group for the events. There were a number of insiders there as well. again, Akash Accelerate happened in Brooklyn leading up the permission list which was through Thursday of last week. I believe there was 300 plus folks in attendance live. I know diff there was an upstairs area where there was a number of talks and a full schedule. and then again a company downstairs area where there was networking and overflow from the talks and various panels.

Tyler Wright: you can watch the live stream of the Akos Accelerate at this link that I've dropped in the chat for folks. it's also available on the Network YouTube page. as well as see the agenda of folks that gave talks. and again you can see a number of things that happened throughout the day.  I know Adam recently talked about this in a Kosh insiders call which is insiders is a group of really involved Akos ambassadors. It's really like a tip of the spear of folks that participate in various programs or just give extra help to folks in the general Akos community. but at the most recent meeting he was talking about a number of watch parties that Akash insiders and other folks who are part of the program gave.

Tyler Wright: So again, I think across the world there was over a thousand people that kind of watched the recording, were there live, etc. and I know a number of connections were made. part 25,000 dollars in AK was given out in credits for compute. so there's a team that won that that I think is going to be deploying a number of things on the OS network coming soon. and again a number of people that are actively using the AOS network now were able to talk on panel describe their work describe how Akos network has benefited their startup. So I think overall it was a very successful day. I believe permissionless offered more of the same.  I know a number of insiders stayed for permissionless. and while there was no booth presence, I think Greg was on a panel and also gave a talk. but there was a number of connections that were made at that event.

Tyler Wright: that accompanying programs, one being the Akash Navigators, can take some of those relationships and continue to develop those relationships long term into folks either contributing to the growth of the Akash network or deploying on the AOS network or providing resources. So again look out for more details coming soon from all the leads that came in through AOS accelerate and permissionless  I know Amanda may not be here because she's getting ready for another conference that's upcoming that's a part of the events budget for 2025. this is ICML conference happening in Vancouver. It's happening July 13th through July 19th. again this is one of the largest machine learning conferences in the world. This 42nd edition of it.

Tyler Wright: So again, this has been around for a long long time. I think it's great with so many folks for the AOS network to have a presence.  So I believe this is a combination of insiders as well as members of the overclock labs team going there to represent AOS and continue to build connections find folks that looking to deploy on AOS or contribute as well as again continue to grow brand awareness.  Another effort that Adam Wley does a great job of talking about during SIG community is the Akash edu program. I know that Adam is doing a number of things, but I do want to call out all the work that has gone into the Akash edu program for members of the community that have been helping to create some of those pieces of edu content.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: there is a link inside the edu item with I think the first six courses that folks can already participate in and then again more courses I believe are on the horizon coming soon but again if anybody wants to get involved in the ED program really the goal is as people continue to come into the community and they're looking for ways to contribute this is easy way for them to get up to speed on how to use everything from provider console to

Tyler Wright: building a provider, being a validator, etc. so that they are again continuing to get up to speed and uplevel education wise so they can better serve other people in the community better contribute etc. So if you have any ideas for curriculum or if you're looking for ways to learn more about Akos feel free to get involved in the kosh edu program and reach out to an insider if you have any additional questions thoughts Another item that I do want to call out for folks in the community. Obviously, there's a number of ways to contribute. I believe Amir Potato is on the call. they are very active in leading the contributions program.

Tyler Wright: so there's a contributions budget that folks can use to do everything from website modifications to documentation modification to contributions to support console repo, etc. So there's a number of ways to contribute. I think during the discussions we'll hear from Benjamin who has been leading the Zilly program that kind of feeds a lot of those contributions as well. but I do want to call out some there is a group forming in the Akos community that's really looking to continue to improve some of the documentation on the networkdoc site. so again at the working group for the Akash website next week there is going to be further talk. I think there's a couple of issues that anybody in the community can take.

Tyler Wright: but again there are some great minds coming together to really think about improving documentation, making it easier to digest for audiences of all different skill levels. and so if you want to get involved on documentation, if you're looking for ways to contribute that maybe are less involved than coding right now, especially as you're getting up to speed, documentation is a great way to kind of get your feet wet. and there's some again great minds coming together that are looking at documentation.  And so feel free to audit the current documentation or look at some of the open issues inside the website repo for ways to get involved. Again, I know there's a number of other marketing efforts that are ongoing. I just want to see if there's anybody that had any questions about anything on the community or marketing side if anybody want to bring up anything that maybe I didn't.

Tyler Wright: today I just want to see if there's any questions on the community and marketing initiatives before we continue on to some product and engineering initiative. Go ahead Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hi guys. So it's not more on marketing or community more on the event side. So there was talks in the community that there were no actually reports on the spending for the events like what I mean is some short recaps of what has been achieved during the events when the money went from the community pool. and we talked about this on the sik economics on May.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I guess that would be great to have at least some short report reports and put them on Twitter for content for people to see that hey we attended this many events some promising partnerships has been done or can be done stay tuned for the announcement yada that we know that the money wasn't spent just to drink and for drinking and talking I know that there is a bunch of networking is during the drinking and  talking. But still, some kind of report would be great sort of to have.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely. I think that's a great call out. I know that there is and shout out to Huey for really spearheading these efforts, but for all of the efforts that the Overclock Labs team does, we try to put a community pool spending report. I think we're behind on some of those reports, so I'll make sure that those get done but there is a section inside for community pool spend reporting where again overclock lab themes and other teams that take from the community pool look to again outline transparently how things were spent.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I know Akos Accelerate just happened last week and there was a lot of moving parts. So I think there might be some time needed there to gather some of those things but that will certainly be added to the community pool spend reporting area sometime soon and we could talk about that further at SIG economics but I do think that's a great thing to call out during the steering commit  any other items related to community marketing events that anybody wants to discuss before we move on to some product and engineering updates. again, I know that we have a number of conversations.

Tyler Wright: So as we talk about core product and engineering there's a number of ways for folks that want to get more involved in things that are happening with core to get involved on a monthly basis. There's a sig chain meeting that everything that's related to the blockchain network upgrades validator relations gets discussed there.  members of the core team lead that meeting with again members of the community to talk about the Cosmos SDK 47 migration which is an ongoing effort as well as other efforts that are blockchain related.  I know specifically across core engineering right now the two main efforts that are ongoing are the JWT implementation. I know there's been a lot of work that you could see in GitHub right now from the core engineering team. Believe there's a test net environment that's going to be up soon for the JWT implementation.

Tyler Wright: again this gets discussed heavily in SIG chain but again this should be a better way for folks to be able to interact with the deployments especially when the chain is down during network upgrades. so again a lot of work has been going on there and a test net environment will be made available soon. but following that there's been a significant amount of work that the core engineering team has been working on that some of members of the community have been involved in testing. and again after the JWT work is done.  It's really going to be heads down from the core engineering team on rebasing a lot of those changes that have been made from the Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 migration as we look ahead for the network upgrade which is planned right now to be September 30th of 2025.

Tyler Wright: As many people that have been around the community for some time obviously the network has continued to grow obvious with the GPU marketplace with continue utilization of the network the network is continuing to just grow and grow which makes continued network upgrades more difficult. one of the things that's been happening is again the core team has been trying to do as much cleaning up as some of that data as possible so that again upgrades happen more smoothly. but this next network upgrade is going to be massive and there's a number of items that are going into preparing for that including making sure that anybody that's integrated with the AOS API or AOSJS has time to make sure that the integration is going to be working just as it needs to post network upgrade. there's going to be a lot of testing again of basic functionality.

Tyler Wright: so again, there's going to be opportunities for the community to get involved and contribute to that testing. but that's really going to be the main effort for the core engineering team over the next really two to three months. you can track all the items that are going on as it pertains to core engineering inside the support repo. There's a number of open issues.  Again, six supports is another special interest group where the core engineering team comes regularly. Issues are triaged. So you can try kind of track open issues, where they are, what repo they are connected to. but inside of the support issues tab, there's milestones and again the milestone around the network upgrade is for network v1.0.

Tyler Wright: so there's a number of items that are being added to this that members of the core team are working on. There's other members of the community that are continuing to work on these. So again, we'll continue to talk and you can track these items yourself via many of these milestones across core engineering. I know that I am speaking a lot again that some members that are normally here to talk about core engineering efforts are going to be listening to this later but there's a number of items that are going on across core engineering.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: One other item that I do want to call out just for transparency sake because they did get money from the community pool as well is the team chakra led by Nurmal that has delivered some resources and additional stats built off of the Akash indexer that various organizations are leveraging for again continuing to track stats.  I know there's another team that will be talking today during discussion from block works that is even looking to take this data to another level for a different audience. look out for that ahead. But again Nurmal gave a talk at Akos Accelerate and has been very transparent about all the work that they've been doing since receiving funds from the community pool for their public good indexing analytics work.

Tyler Wright: but I just want to call out their work because again, if anybody has any questions, feel free to drop them as comments inside of this task and you can stay up todate on all the items that they've been delivering and they give updates again on a pretty frequent basis. Cool. one other item that if anybody really cares, I know the core engineering team has been working on TE support. I know this is something that the members of the community, there are other teams out there that have put together proposals. the core engineering team is really working on a strategy on how implementation could look. and then we're really looking to bring in whether it be members of core engineering team working on parts of it, other members of the community working on other parts of it.

Tyler Wright: But this is something that again the core engineering team is leading some of the R&D efforts on to try to bring TE support to the Akash network. so this is actively being worked on. You can kind of track the epic and the status updates across some of those efforts. in this ticket I know there's also support that the core engineering team is also doing some R&D work on. and while they're E and VM are very different concepts again there's a little bit of crossover at times. So look out for updates soon I know those two items are on the road map and so when the core engineering team is not doing a number of other things they've been taking some time to do some R&D there as well.

Tyler Wright: Just want to see if anybody has any questions about anything on the core product and engineering roadmap board or anything that might be a milestone in the support repo before we jump into a couple of updates on the client product side. All right. I do not want to jump too much into this because we actually just had some very lively SIG clients meeting this past week as well as a SIG providers meeting. But during the SIG clients meeting, that's a bimonthly meeting.

Tyler Wright: the theme behind Akos console which is again the open-source guey tool for deploying and managing a provider on the Akos network being built by members of the overclock lab team as well as other members of the community. we had an update from Max who's on this call on up all the items that have been worked on over the last couple of months. again you can track a number of items across the console. If you go inside the K network organization if you go into console and you go into issues and then again you go into milestones you could see a number of different efforts that are being worked on by the console and product team. again both across the deployment side as well as the provider side.

Tyler Wright: I know there have been a lot of upgrades to alerts and notifications that have been happening soon and again I will make sure the SIG clients meeting is made available the notes and the recording soon so you can really go into detail but there's just been a number of improvements for the user experience for kind of backend systems across again the deployment side of the console as well as the provider side of the console. and we go into depth in those things during SIG clients and SIG providers. Max, I know you're doing a number of things, but I just want to see if there's anything specific that you wanted to call out for the steering committee that you didn't maybe call out more specifically during sig clients this past week.


### 00:25:00

Maxime Beauchamp: Not really. thanks for asking. But yeah, if you feel like you are missing some information, please watch the client meeting.

Tyler Wright: One thing that's also been test in testing is again billing and…

Maxime Beauchamp: I think there's a recap or something somewhere you can watch.  But yeah, everything that I said there was complete.

Tyler Wright: usage. So because there's so many people that are actively using Akos and really using Akos at scale there's always new requests coming in from these partners on how they would like the console or some of the items to be improved for their user experience. so I know that the console team is actively working on a billing page where again people can track how much they've spent in deployments how much each deployment cost and some more specific information.

Tyler Wright: So again there's just a number of efforts happening across client changes happening to chain SDK currently those changes the chain SDK are about 90% done but the rest is blocked by the cosmos SDK 47 migration so once that test net environment is set up then the console team can continue work on some of the items for the chain SDK and the AOS API I know again members of the core engineering team are also working on AP

Tyler Wright: API changes. as Max mentioned during the SIG clients, the product team has also been working on a managed wallets API and some changes there that's being used by key clients that maybe want to abstract away the token part because again they're an AI company and maybe is not used to crypto but again jacked away so it's running in the background and they just don't even know  So there's a lot of ways that the console team and the product team are continuing to improve user experience as adoption continues to grow. but for anybody that has any questions wants to get more involved, please look at these issues inside or these milestones inside the console repo.

Tyler Wright: there's issues inside the console repo or feel free to join the SIG clients the SIG providers meeting to talk more in detail about the provider console and the deployer console.  Any other questions that anybody has about anything console related or anything client and product and engineering related before we move on to discussions. Cool.

Tyler Wright: Again, you can always track what's in progress, what's in review, things that are testing blocked or released by just following along on the projects board inside the GitHub organization. but there's a lot more detail that gets covered during these things and working group meetings and I'm again just trying to highlight some of the items for folks during the steering committee. Cool.

Tyler Wright: If there is nothing else on the project board side, then we can jump into discussions. I know there's a couple of folks here that have talked at various SIGs and working groups. so, I will go in somewhat of an order. but again, the highest order call to action for folks. we try to have as many people share ideas. with the community in a public setting during SIGs and working groups. then from there if there's traction behind those ideas, we have to try to have them have discussions, get those ideas vetted a little bit more demo things that they've been working on related to those discussions inside of Siger working groups and then come to the steering committee to get a wider viewpoint from folks in the community.

Tyler Wright: again all these teams have either talked at a working group previous a sig or working group have had their ideas talked on behalf of them. so again there are some folks here that have active discussions and I want to give them the opportunity to talk about them and get feedback before they put the proposals on chain up for a vote.  I think I'll start off with I know Benjamin has been working on the Zeli program for some time. This has been a program that's already had a couple iterations passed on chain. This is an effective way to onboard new people into the Akash community. and then from there again they can go into the Akos insiders program and look to contribute in a number of different ways for the betterment of the Akash network community.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: But Ben, I know there's some changes that have been made to the Zeli proposal. So I want to give you a minute or two to talk about those changes and see if there's any questions that anybody has about the Zili program.

Benjamin B: Thank you so much, I guess I don't have to share my screen if you're doing it.  For anyone who hasn't heard of Seal yet, I would quickly explain the program as a learn and earn program where users for instance complete simple quests and earn a team. learn about technical concepts of a kosh and also learn how to become a part of the community or a contributor.  Basically, we're funneling through these simple missions to other programs and initiatives so that they can grow as a member. There's more to it, but I'll just keep it simple for now. The main new thing that we have with this proposal is that we have a new and single program lead.

Benjamin B: We used to have two program leads and we didn't really fully align and now it's only me and I'm very positive that the CE program is going to be running way smoother this time around and without the breaks that there used to be. I really don't have that many details to go into.  So if you have any questions or feedback please make sure to ask them live here if you want a live answer otherwise drop them into GitHub discussions and I'll make sure to answer all questions there as well. we are planning to put up the proposal in the coming few days and the total request is 38 grand plus fees for a total of four months.

Benjamin B: Last month is just a buffer month so that we can make sure the program keeps running smoothly while we try to get a new proposal through on the fourth month.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, does anyone have any questions that they want to ask live here? otherwise, feel free to drop any comments in the discussion. again, as I've mentioned previously, this is a program that started off as an idea and then got some community support funds via a small contributions reward to kind of test it out. It validated the program as a couple of folks that came through the Zel program then entered the Akash insiders and have been contributors since.

Tyler Wright: again this has passed on chain a couple of times in different iterations in very similar kind of budget requests. so this is a program that I Tyler hope continues because again there's a clear pipeline from some of these bounty hunter types that are looking for ways to contribute to different projects and are very technical and through the work of Adam and others in the community that have been very involved getting their feedback in the insiders program. There's a clear pipeline from somebody that's looking to contribute to joining a program the AOS network insiders program where they can contribute where they can create educational content where they can contribute to the core codebase across a number of different open source tools where they can make videos etc.

Tyler Wright: So I think there's a clear pipeline and that's why I think this program could be successful kind of tracking some of those bounty hunters. But please feel free to give your feedback give your thoughts whether it be based upon budget or based upon any of the other program details so that Benjamin can know what next steps to take.  Any other thoughts on that discussion before we continue on? All right. there is a team I'm not sure that they're but there is a proposal up or a discussion rather for some Discord monitoring systems.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Dan who is behind this as a validator on Akos and has been a validator for a number of years at this point he has put together a proposal for some additional stuff got some feedback from the community and gave a demo of some of the monitoring tools at the SIG analytics meeting this past week. I've dropped in that video for folks that couldn't make it. but I would ask that anybody please get involved in that discussion so that he can move forward with his proposal and take next steps. If anybody has any specific questions feel free to again ask those questions inside of this discussion. I'll drop it in the chat for folks. All right.

Tyler Wright: one other discussion that I want to talk about that's been live and Adam has talked about it for some time in state community, but I just want to highlight it real fast. I think Adam had to drop off. this live up for vote right now. this is again a continuation of a lot of the work that comes through for the community initiatives. so this is for obviously the Overclock Labs theme who shepherds these kind of community initiatives asks for requests on a quarterly basis.

Tyler Wright: we're entering Q3 and so again this program is to support a number of the programs I just talked about the Vanguards the al navigators alchemist ring masters community bounties again some additional programs that are really communitydriven and community led and really like the heartbeat of why Akos is so successful. But again if anybody has any feedback I just want to make sure that they can drop it in here.  Otherwise, if you have the ability to vote, please do so over the next seven days because that proposal is live for voting right now. But I just want to call it out here again. There's a great deal more detail and a great deal of community feedback and already interaction with that proposal that's gone on community I think over the last two months or so. All right.

Tyler Wright: Continuing on, I know that there's a proposal from a team. block works. I'm not sure if somebody's here.

David Rodriguez: through definitely.

Tyler Wright: I've talked about this proposal in some detail yesterday and perfect. Yes, someone is here. I talked about this proposal at a high level during SIG Analytics. I know members of their team it was very short notice but I wanted to make sure that they could come and talk about the proposal with the community. So I will hand it over and feel free David to talk a little bit about block works and the ask from the community.

David Rodriguez: 

David Rodriguez: Thank you for having me everyone. so my name is Dave Rodriguez. I'm the head of Blockworks Advisory. this discussion, this proposal is for a 12 to 24month partnership where Blockworks builds a canonical and authorative analytics dashboard that will resides both on the Blockworks media site as wellworks research which is a institutional grade research shop that has some of the largest liquid funds, high worth individuals and family offices that allocate to the digital asset space. we have them as subscribers.  So I'll give a little bit of context more about Blockworks Research, our data offering, and then I'll dive into some of the detail on the proposal itself. I'm sure a lot of folks on the call probably have heard of Blockworks as largely media company and events company that we launched back in 2017 2018. fast forward to 2022, we became probably one of the largest media outlets in the business or in the industry.

David Rodriguez: we have the largest podcast network today with over 27 million podcast downloads. We obviously just had permission list, one of the largest crypto conferences. We have digital asset summit which is pretty much the premier institutional focused crypto conference in the industry. we have over 7 million unique readers on our media site, 170,000 plus daily newsletter readers. all this is to say Blockworks has arguably the largest distribution in the industry as a media and events company. Fast forward to 2022, we launched a research shop to take on some of the other research shops everyone knows and loves. Misari, Deli, The Block, you name it. we had a little different strategy on how we built our research shop.

David Rodriguez: I won't get into the nitty-gritty, but the long and short of it is we realized that there was a large opportunity to build authorative and ver and verifiable data dashboards for crypto protocols. So our research product has long and short form research.  We also obviously built data dashboards for our subscriber base to drive alpha and identify areas for capital allocation means. we realized as the monetization strategies like a lot of research shops decide to make money because the subs total addressable market today in the digital asset space is relatively low candidly. We realize a lot of research shops try to monetize through sponsored research and that's fine. Blockworks does as well.


### 00:40:00

David Rodriguez: but we do it to a much lesser degree because after surveying our liquid fund audience and a lot of other capital allocators, we realized sponsor research actually kind of implies some bias. But what is more objective is data. So we leaned very heavily into actually working with some of the top crypto protocols in the space to build effectively investor relations as a service dashboards but they are the canonical authorative sources of truth. So we work with over 20 protocols today. Salana probably being the most notable. we have become the source of truth for the Salana Foundation from Multicoin. anything related to Salana our dashboard is leveraged there was a recent improvement proposal that multicoin proposed back in Q1 2025 and in the GitHub repo our dashboard was referenced because Our data team is probably the best in the entire industry. and what we started doing is obviously working with upwards of 20 plus projects today.

David Rodriguez: And what this proposal is for is to build that exact same authorative source of truth for Akos. this would reside again both on the media site which gets a ton of traction. If you Google Salana analytics or base analytics, we are the first place that pulls up on search engine optimization just because of our media traffic. But also if we built this dashboard, it would reside on the research product which is largely for institutional capital allocators. and they'd be obviously able to download that data and embed it into their valuation workflows. there's two options in this proposal it's like a $95,000 option for a one-year period and year two there's a second option which is a multi-year deal where there's a discount on that second year. What I want to preface is like when we build these dashboards, we don't just build it and walk away is a continual iterative process.

David Rodriguez: We have formal meetings with our data clients where we review the dashboard. We want to make sure it's actually being used. We ask them how you're using it and we continue to update it throughout the entire life cycle of the contract. And what we're finding is a lot of our L1 and application protocol clients are actually using this when they do round they go around and talking to liquid funds like this is the dashboard that they like to leverage and share with their investors on their cap table.  So, not only are you getting a data dashboard, but you're also getting the distribution behind the Blockworks media site. you get tweets through our Blockworks main account, which has over 400 or 500,000 followers. You're getting sponsored tweets on LinkedIn. you're getting our, access to our distribution to our newsletter. And the reality is we also try to organically leverage our distribution to showcase our data clients like data.

David Rodriguez: So there's a number up and around Akos GPU deployments or utilization we are just naturally going to do it from our personal accounts just because we are bullish on what Akos is doing. and we want to showcase and leverage our distribution to drive awareness. the last thing I'll say before I pause is this would be the second DPIN focus dashboard we built. So we don't have a live DPIN dashboard today. we are finalizing a deepen dashboard that's going to go live in the next month with our first deepen client. this would be the second and this will be the only decentralized compute related dashboard that would be living on the block work site if this moves forward. So I said a lot there. I will pause and open the field for any questions.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you,…

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any questions that anybody has. I see that there's a question from Max in the chat about have you seen stats.network? I think you referenced that in your proposal.

David Rodriguez: Yeah, I actually used it personally as an AKT holder myself.

David Rodriguez: That's where I still do reference a lot of my own visualizations or my own mental model how well is the adoption of the network growing. I think what's lacking is more depth to what's actually going on behind the scenes. I can see GPU deployments. I see network cap network utilization, or at least I can quantify that myself. What I can't see is actually getting into the nitty-gritty.  how by provider. the difference between what we do on the block work side and what other maybe data dashboard or data companies or analytics companies do today is our mandate is to go deeper than anyone else. So what we plan on using Tyler you brought this up earlier is Chakra. We're very close with Nurmal and the Chakra team.


### 00:45:00

David Rodriguez: I believe they are the only place that has indexed data beyond just basic Cosmos SDK block level data they have all the provider data the lease data like we want to showcase all of that and we think that level additional going a little peeling back the onion going a little deeper is actually very important when capital allocators are trying to underwrite investment decisions.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.  One thing I'll add and I know we talked about this a number of times in sik economics obviously being a layer one and having a token this is part of it right and from an audience standpoint being able to distribute kind of the information where the investor audience is in a way that's digestible to them is something that's important to do as opposed to potentially having them try to look through a number of open sources that we have but maybe are a little bit less

Tyler Wright: digestible for the kinds of folks that were looking to again believe in Akash and do all the stuff that has to get done on the token side that we talk about in SIG economics. I do want to see if there's any other comments or questions while we have David live. Otherwise, I would love for people to get involved and I will remind people over the next week or so to get involved in this discussion.  fee if they like the option for one year to test it out or if they make think it makes more sense to go with the two-year option. please give any and all feedback. Please leave any and all questions. but again, does anyone have anything that they want to bring up live right now while David is here before we move on?

Tyler Wright: I know that Max has dropped some messages in the chat. Max may not be able to talk right now. Max, maybe you can take some of those messages and drop them in the comments section or we could take them offline. but I think it's good feedback.  Does anyone else have anything for David as it pertains to this proposal 957 for building a public dashboard hosted by Blockworks? Cool. Go ahead, Max.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, I can speak. yeah, by the way, thanks David for the proposal. I'm just curious to know how you guys would be processing the data for displaying more information about providers, the GPUs, the utilization etc. Do you have any specific indexer that you have built already or…

Maxime Beauchamp: were you planning to use the cache console indexer? What's your plan on this?

David Rodriguez: Yeah, I think our plan was to tap into the indexer I believe that Shakra has built.

David Rodriguez: We haven't actually explicitly spoken to Shakra or to Nurmal about this yet, but our plan was probably to tap into that, but our backend infrastructure is extremely flexible. we leverage click house in our background and we can pretty much ingest any data sets onchain data index data. so I think our plan was mostly to lean on chakra since they're the only source that we personally have seen that has that level of data beyond we've used Numia before for Cosmos level data for we build a Celestia dashboard but Numia does not have the level of granular data that this dashboard requires.

David Rodriguez: So our plan was like leverage chakra.

Maxime Beauchamp: Okay, makes sense. I mean, Nurmal has been in contact with me and the team for integrating Chakra with our indexer because ultimately the data comes from the blockchain and we build the custom indexer that indexes all the data about the network capacity,…

Maxime Beauchamp: the provider health, the provider GPUs and all that stuff. So if you're using Chakra, ultimately you're using the console indexer. So …

David Rodriguez: Okay. Sure.

Maxime Beauchamp: but yeah, they also made a proposal a couple months ago about adding more data available from the indexer. So they made a couple PRs to add new SQL queries to understand or pro to fetch more detailed data about the usage of the GPUs. so yeah, I'd be happy to help you guys pro maybe add more queries to the console indexer, get you access to it. We have API documentation that we can share as well.


### 00:50:00

David Rodriguez: That'd be great. Yeah, I'd love to connect you with our data engineering team.

David Rodriguez: We work with some of our other data protocol clients as well and sometimes they don't have the level of data that we need and we work hand in hand with their data team to open up new API endpoints or pretty much help them surface the information that we know investors want to see. So yeah, would love to this is for everyone but Maxine please reach out to me. I just DM'd my telegram handle.

Maxime Beauchamp: Sounds good.

David Rodriguez: below the chat and I can put you in touch our days and we can riff on this.

Tyler Wright: Again, if anybody has any other feedback for the Block Works team, please feel free to drop it in the comments. Again, we talked about this at SIG Analytics. talking about here today during the steering committee. I know that they want to take the next steps. I know this is something that members of the steering committee are really interested in because of the audience because of the distribution mechanism. So I would love to hear the feedback from the community as All right. I just want to see if there's anyone else that had a discussion that they wanted to make sure was covered. I know we got about five minutes left. Go ahead, Strike.

Shrike: Yeah, I wanted to introduce the same thing I introduced to you on Sega clients. I'm not sure if there's enough time left though.

Tyler Wright: Do you have a discussion live for it?

Shrike: No, not yet.

Tyler Wright: I mean I will happily give you one minute because I think it's a very interesting thing usually so I know that you gave a demo Shrike at the SIG clients meeting about something that you've been working on I believe with Alejandro. I think the next step would be to create a discussion for that beyond just giving a demo people can see what the ask is and take next steps and give you some more feedback. But in lie of the discussion not being live yet I know we have a couple minutes left…

Tyler Wright: but I do want to give you one minute to maybe showcase and then people can follow up with discussion and they can talk about it and give you feedback async over the next couple of weeks. Yeah, please.

Shrike: Yeah.

Shrike: So, should I just get started then?

Tyler Wright: I'll just give you a minute and then I might hard stop you in a

Shrike: All So, I'm just going to say this really quickly. personally I work with a lot of AI and training AI specifically and machine learning models overall and just data science. and since coming to the Akash network, I've noticed that it's not very friendly for people that aren't very technical. of course there are templates on the Aash console and all but there's a lot of barriers to entry and so me and a couple of other friends from my university we decided to create what do you call it?

Shrike: an app to make it easier for people that want to do the kind of data science work. and we did that by taking inspiration from common tools that are used by data scientists such as Google Collab or Kaggle. and I obviously can't go into much detail right now. but it's basically just an interface for putting up a Jupyter notebook on the Akash network quickly taking it down and managing several different deployments as well as interfacing with GitHub so you can quickly save your projects and take them down.

Shrike: And there's two 2 minutes left of the meeting, so I guess I can't really say much more than this,…

Shrike: but I'll talk with my partner and we'll make sure to put up a discussion with a demo video hopefully. and yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. No,…

Tyler Wright: that would be amazing. Again, I know that you shared this idea and took some time during SIG clients to showcase like a short demo of it actually running. I will make sure that that demo is made available shortly, but it would be great. I believe this is an open-source project. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but at least from what I understood from sick clients, this is an open source project that you were looking to get feedback from the community and maybe get community contributions.


### 00:55:00

Tyler Wright: There might be a free model, there might be a paid model, but you are looking for some community pool funds to do some development and get this to a state where people can use it. I think that would be better captured in a discussion so that people can read it at their own time and then be able to give you feedback on whether it be the budget or the task or whatever the case may be.  But I did want to give you some time because it was very exciting to see again a newer member of the community immediately step in and start to make contributions. I think this could be a community contribution, but I believe Shrike u and his team have some bigger plans to kind of turn this into potentially at least partially a business.

Tyler Wright: So, I will leave that up to Shrek to figure that out with you, Amir Potato. But I want to support however whatever the next steps are, whether it be small scale PC or whether it be a larger scale development, whatever Shrek and his team want to do, we want to make sure we support. Cool. I know we're running up on time, so I appreciate everyone staying. obviously as we go ahead, Amir Potato.

AMerePotato: I had a short question I know a couple weeks ago I had asked about having the Aosten repo open sourced. I wasn't sure if that happened or not. so I don't know if this is the correct meeting to ask that.

Tyler Wright: I do not believe that has happened. believe that's something that we could talk about maybe in a SIG client's meeting or another meeting, but I do not believe that is open source yet. feel free to ask that question in a kosh chat discord channel. but I think there's potentially a proposal coming up shortly that would involve open sourcing it because I know that's been an effort that's been done by members of Overclock Labs team as well as Julius and Yak. Cool. again, but feel free to ask that question.

Tyler Wright: And I want to make sure that we get some clarity there. Real quick, I know we're a little bit over a time. I ask that everybody really please get involved in some of these active discussions, give people feedback in a timely fashion. as we look ahead again, we have SIG chain and SIG community happening next week. Tuesday, we have SIG design and SIG economics happening Wednesday. there was a recent growth proposal that just passed. so please look out for folks to be talking more about some of those efforts on a consistent basis during SIG design. so again members of Overclock Labs team as well as other members of the larger community that are going to be involved with some of those growth efforts will start to be accountable inside SIG design on a monthly basis.

Tyler Wright: So folks that want to get more involved with some of those efforts again getting feedback feel free to join SIG design next Wednesday. and as I previously mentioned the working group for the AOA website is happening next Thursday. there will be some conversations happening around documentation some of the other efforts.  There's a number of other SIGs and working groups over the month that you can participate in. And then again, our next SAS steering committee will be at the end of this month, July 31st, at this same that time. So, anything else that anybody wants to make sure gets covered before we hop off? Again, I do appreciate folks for staying a little bit longer. and again, the recording and the transcripts and the notes will be made available shortly for folks that couldn't make it.

Tyler Wright: that need to get involved in some of these conversations, but I just want to make sure that there's nothing else that needs to get discussed here live. and I just want to give people the platform. Cool. All right. please get involved in those discussions as quickly as possible. Look out for another discussion from Shrike and his team and all the work that they've been doing around the kind of Kaggle experience on the Akos network. again, really looking forward to folks getting involved, giving their feedback, some of these things going up on chain for vote. and then us continuing to move forward. If you have the ability to vote, please look out for upcoming votes and make your voices heard. And I'll make sure that this hearing committee and some of these other meetings notes are made available and appropriately linked for folks that need access to them. If there's nothing else, then again, thank you for the time today.


### 01:00:00

Tyler Wright: I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and we shall talk in the metaverse, as Adam likes to say. you in the metaverse. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day, and we will see you online.

Shrike: in the universe.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much.

Rodri R: Save you guys.


### Meeting ended after 01:03:09 👋

