## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #30

## Agenda

* Community feedback and grievances
* Project boards overview (Core, Client & Product, Community & Marketing)
* GitHub discussions and proposals updates
* Open floor for additional agenda items
* Look ahead to upcoming SIGs and Working Groups

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, July 31, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Adam Wozney
* Alejandro
* AMerePotato
* Anil Murty
* Artur Troian
* Cheng Wang
* Chinedu Nwadike
* Damir Simpovic
* Deathless
* Deval Patel
* Dimokus
* Fenil Modi
* Harrison Eze
* Jannick Haus
* Jigar Patel
* Joao Luna
* Joshua Meyer
* Kenny R
* Maxime Beauchamp
* Niko Fomin
* Rodri R
* rzanei
* Scott Carruthers
* Shrike
* Taiwo Omoyeni
* Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback & Grievances

* Tyler opened the meeting by inviting any community feedback or grievances.
* No immediate grievances were raised.
* Reminder: SIG and WG notes, recordings, and transcripts are tracked and shared for transparency.

### Project Boards Overview

#### Core Engineering

* JWT implementation is in final testing, pending provider upgrade rollout.
* Cosmos SDK migration is a major ongoing effort, requiring validator and community involvement.
* Community members encouraged to join SIG Chain and SIG Support for migration testing coordination.
* Chakra team continues to improve the indexer and is collaborating with other community teams.

#### Community & Marketing Initiatives

* Amanda and Adam are leading Tier 1 event preparations for Q4 (Token 2049, NeurIPS, KubeCon NA).
* The Akash Insiders Program blog was highlighted, outlining subprograms like Alchemists, Navigators, Vanguards, and Rig Masters.
* AMerePotato is leading the Contributions Program; an open invitation was extended for interested community members to attend the Contributions meeting.
* Community contributions in documentation and website improvements are actively sought.

#### [Client & Product Engineering](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/9)

* Project boards are live for community tracking across Console updates, APIs, and managed services.
* Key ongoing milestones:

  * Billing and Usage Dashboard
  * Improved User Onboarding
  * Managed Wallets (JWT API Endpoint)
  * Log Forwarding
* Recently shipped features:

  * Order Top-up Node Management
  * Earnings API
  * Alerts and Notifications for Provider Console
* Anil highlighted how to sort boards by due dates and align them with the public roadmap, which is updated weekly.

### Active Discussions & Proposals

#### Akash Notebooks (Shrike)

* Shrike presented [“Akash Notebooks”](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/972) — a tool to simplify deploying Jupyter notebook instances on Akash.
* Goal: Make data science workflows frictionless, similar to Google Colab but decentralized.
* Current Ask: Feedback and criticisms from the community before moving to a formal funding proposal.
* Discussions included:

  * Need to abstract blockchain complexities for non-technical users (managed wallets recommended).
  * Aligning branding and UI consistency with Akash Console.
  * Potential overlap with existing Akash features and earlier notebook-related proposals.
  * Clarity needed on whether it will be a managed service or a user-provisioned deployment.
  * Maintenance and long-term OPEX of managed services to be considered.
* Shrike to update the GitHub discussion with clarified goals, updated MVP scope, and community feedback integration.

#### Tenant Incentive Pilot (Cheng Wang)

* Cheng presented the [Tenant Incentive Pilot proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/978), now live for vote.
* Key updates:

  * Enhanced fraud and abuse protections integrated into console.
  * Fail-safes like daily workload resets to prevent resource hogging.
  * Open access to all providers (not limited to Overclock Labs).
  * Coordinated efforts with Business Development to onboard new tenants.
* Community encouraged to review the discussion and vote.

#### Akash Chat API & Akash Gen Retroactive Proposal (Tyler Wright)

* Tyler discussed a [retroactive proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/982) for Akash Chat API and Akash Gen, covering work done from Jan to June 2025.
* These tools serve as onboarding mechanisms for users unfamiliar with deploying on Akash.
* Overclock Labs has been funding development upfront; proposal seeks retroactive community funding.
* Proposal emphasizes transparency and ongoing reporting.
* Community members invited to provide feedback prior to it going live for vote.

### Additional Discussion Points

* Tyler mentioned follow-ups on discussions about Discord bots and business models; some will close if they are no longer seeking community pool funding.
* Encouragement to engage in active GitHub discussions for feedback and contribution.
* SIG Chain schedule changes expected; validator participation requested for SDK migration preparations.
* Next Steering Committee meeting scheduled for August 28, 2025.

## Action Items

* Shrike to update Akash Notebooks discussion with clarified MVP goals and feedback responses.
* Community to participate in the Tenant Incentive Pilot and Akash Chat API proposals’ discussions and votes.
* AMerePotato to share links for the Contributions Program meeting.
* Contributors encouraged to engage in documentation and website improvement SIGs.
* Community to review public project boards and provide input where needed.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash Network Steering Committee monthly meeting.  It's July 31st, During the monthly steering committee, the group led by members of the steering committee and the rest of the community come together as a roundup of all the other special interest groups otherwise classified as SIGs and working groups WGs to talk about again things at a high level and a number of other agenda points.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to jump right into the agenda which I will attach in the chat for folks as a reference point. but again if anybody has any agenda items that they would like to feel free to add them. You can track all the various notes, transcripts and recordings from all the steering committees as well as all the other SIGs and working groups.  Big shout out to George who helps out with notes and all the people obviously attend all the SIGs and working groups and get involved. Typical agenda as we review, address any community feedback and grievances at a high level in the community. from there we go look at the project boards in more detail. that's across client and product core as well as community and marketing initiatives.

Tyler Wright: from there we go into review of any GitHub discussions. There are some folks that are going to be giving discussions including I think the member Shrike who's presented at sig clients and a couple other places and has had a discussion live for some time as well as a couple of discussions that have been put up by the overclock labs team that we'll go into detail about.  If there's anybody else here that wants to make sure that we have a follow-up on any discussion that they've brought before a SIG or working group, please let me know. We'll make some time to talk about it during the discussion section. After that, we'll open up the floor to again any other agenda items related to the AOS network that anybody wants to make sure that we discuss. the SIGs and the working groups is where we go into many of these things in more detail.

Tyler Wright: so again, there might be a chance where we push some of these items if anybody has any things specifically want to talk into a SIG or working group for follow-up discussion, but we could talk about it here. And then, the last item that we go through on a monthly basis is looking ahead at some of the special interest groups and working groups for the following month. All to get us kicked off, I just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to discuss or address from the community side. or is there any feedback, grievances or conflicts that anyone wants to make sure we discuss about the safer working group structure or otherwise before we jump into the rest of the agenda? All right, cool.

Tyler Wright: next up on the agenda again we usually go through these are again community-f facing project boards that go through a number of efforts that are being done across client and product engineering.  So that's everything from console to APIs and otherwise some of the core product and engineering roadmap efforts which is again everything related to the node provider repo but just the network in general blockchain as well as Akash community and marketing initiatives which we talk about again in great detail during other special interest groups and working groups but we go over them at a broad level here.  Archer who usually speaks on behalf of the core product and engineering is not available. He's dealing with some personal items but he will be back online today.

Tyler Wright: I do want to shout out just at the highest level a number of efforts that are going on across core. again the two biggest efforts that the overclock labs core team is working on and a number of folks from the community are contributing to are around the JWT implementation which again is in final testing right now internally and I know that the console team is working on some testing themselves and then there might be some additional community testing and then there's going to be a provider upgrade to follow to implement JWT. but really that's the next big effort that's going to be happening prior to the main effort that the core engineering team is around working regarding the Cosmos SDK migration.

Tyler Wright: think this is a big effort that the core team has been working on for much of the year that I think it was a preliminary network upgrade that took some time and as a result again JWT is being implemented so that as a network continues to grow and obviously network upgrades are a part of that with a Kosh network having momentum and having a number of folks that are actively using the network it's really important for folks deploying on the network to be able to see  their deployments during network upgrades which is standard in the blockchain space. So this is a big effort on the JWT side as well as work around the SDK migration. There will be some followup in SIG chain about what validators need as they prepare for the Cosmos SDK migration as well as next steps in terms of testing.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: I know that Amir Potato who's on the call here today that's involved in the contributions program with Akos is going to be helping to find folks to help test various functionality as we get ready for the Cosmos SDK migration and obviously any clients whether it's clients built by overclock labs like the console and community clients like that or other folks that are leveraging the Kosh network APIs can do some testing prior to network upgrade.  So, that's some of the big items going on. I know there's a number of other projects being worked on. I will shout out the chakra team again who has been doing a great job of receiving feedback on all things related to the work that they've been doing on continuing to build on the work around the indexer and just make some of the information a little bit more digestible.

Tyler Wright: there's another team in the community that's going to be potentially collaborating with the chakra team to leverage that public good data on the proposal that is up for discussion right now that was talked about at the last steering committee meeting there's a number of other efforts that are in progress but again we talk about those in detail during SIG providers and some other meetings but I just want to highlight some of the bigger efforts that are happening across core and make sure that everybody

Tyler Wright: body is aware and again just for anybody that wants to get involved in some of these efforts there's SIG chain and SIG support to get involved but for those that are in the validator community please push them to get involved in sick chain especially next month as we get ready for this massive Cosmos SDK migration. Does anyone have anything that they want to call out on the core engineering side before we continue on looking at some other project boards?

Tyler Wright: And just a reminder, if anybody has any questions about any specific items that are on these boards, feel free to just go into the specific task and drop a question if you're looking for ways to get involved. Again, you can go into the support repo where all issues related to the node and provider repo live and just start to ask questions or come to the SIG support meeting.  Cool. We just had the working group for the so I won't go into great detail. Obviously there's been a lot going on across events and community efforts. both Adam and Amanda do a great job during SIG community and the working group for events for f keeping folks up to date on all the programs. they create detailed discussions and then do transparent reporting on the back end on how those programs are doing.

Tyler Wright: So, I don't want to dive d too deep into many of these topics, but just at the highest level for folks that couldn't make the working group for the events. next on the horizon, are a number of tier one events including Token 2049, Nurups, which was a big success last year, CubeCon, North America.  So, I know that Amanda and a number of other folks from the community are getting up getting ready for the design portion of that and the execution portion of that as we get ready for some of those tier one events happening I think in quarter 4 but again we're already time flies so those will be here before we know it and a lot of work gets done into making the success that they are.

Tyler Wright: Additionally, and Adam, feel free to chime in, if you so desire. Again, Adam does a great job of talking about a number of community programs, during sick community. One thing I do want to call out is this most recent blog from, I think, six days ago around the insider program and going really in depth on what the insider program is, some of the subprograms that folks can get involved in. and again all these programs whether it's the alchemists navigators who help really onboard a number of relationships that come in through events come in through discord and help really get those relationships into a state where those folks are actively using the Akash network vanguards who are again providing 24 by7 basic support in discord all the time and then rig masters who are helping doing local events there's a number of efforts that go


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: through the insiders program. if anybody is looking for more information about the insiders program, how to get involved, please just drop a message in discord, I'm sure somebody from the insiders will be happy to guide you. There's an application you can read this blog if you haven't already. But I just wanted to highlight the work that's going on through the insiders program that's leading into again contributions various projects that are being spun up etc.  So, just want to call out the work that's being done there, too. And again, insiders are integral part in some of these events, and being kind of boots on the ground, talking to, potential users about the AOS network, and just like doing brand awareness and other initiatives.

Tyler Wright: I think Amanda talked about Akos Accelerate and some of the other permission lists that have happened. But again please look to get involved if you want to learn more about some of the upcoming events like token 2049 and some of the other items that are going on as well as if you want to get more involved with again some of the just the Akash insiders program. Last thing I'll call out on the community and marketing side.  I know that Amir Potato who's on the call again I shout her out already has put together a discussion around contributions just like a contributions program and just guidelines it again for anybody that's looking to get involved in some of these community and marketing initiatives or some of the initiatives across core and client please look for opportunities to support the core team

Tyler Wright: and get rewarded for it. So whether it be again going back to this board around the Akash website and documentation, there's a SIG and a working group around that that meets regularly. So if folks want to get involved in continuing to improve the documentation, clean up some things, that would be greatly appreciated and accepted. Mayor Potato, I see your hand up, so feel free.

AMerePotato: I just thank you for the shout out again, Tyler. I just also wanted to mention that if you're interested in the community contribution program and you don't really know where to start, you should come to our meeting Friday, which is tomorrow. I'll be dropping a link in the channel. And yeah, that's it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Any other questions or comments that anybody wants to touch on as it pertains to community and marketing initiatives before we jump into some updates All right. 12. again on the client side there's a great deal of attention and detail that goes into updating these boards by the client and product team. they talk in extensively during SIG clients on a bimonthly basis as well as we get a number of updates on the provider console and all things related to clients relationship with provider pardon me during SIG providers.

Tyler Wright: but I just want to highlight this board. again, I'll drop it in the chat for folks. There's a way to track a number of items that are being worked on by the core team as well as others around some of these projects including streamline onboarding. I think we talked about that in great detail, especially as we'll talk about that a little bit more during the discussion around some of the tenant incentive programs. as well as some additional work supporting JWT.  Again, that's something that the core engineering team was working on and now consult team is doing some testing. so again, we have this project board where you can track a number of items in progress up until, through testing and through being done. Another board that I want to make available to folks just and we do this during the SIG clients meeting as well is the console issues,

Tyler Wright: So again, we talk about this during SIG support, Max and others, are open to talking about any open issues in the console repo, but more specifically you can go to again the console repo. and then from there you can go to milestones and just see a number of milestones and highle efforts that are going on from everything from log forwarding to a lot of the work being done around manage API in general, but then some of the specific work around JWT who talked about the billing and usage during SIG providers and some other calls. So again, there's just you can track the highest level when these items are due, how far they are, any connected issues. so it's very clean and neat for folks in the community to track, ask questions about, and get involved in. I know Anneil is here, but I know he's doing a number of things.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I just wanted to see if there's anything that Anneil specifically you want to call out. If don't feel obliged. Or just want to see if there's anything else that the community had questions about related to client product and engineering.

Anil Murty: I think this board is great. Thanks for sharing it. one of the things you can do here is you can actually sort by the closest due date if you're curious about what's coming up next. So on the right top right or there if you click on the sort menu and just closest due date the third one from the top you can see that the next thing that's going to come out is billing and usage. and then improved user onboarding manage wallets with the GWT API endpoint log forwarding so on and so forth.

Anil Murty: And then if you click on the closed tab of this thing on the left over there, you can see that we recently shipped a bunch of things including order topup node management in the provider console earnings API that was released last week alerts and notifications for two types of alerts so you can get a full sense of what's been shipped recently. if you want to look at what the issues were, you can click on the closed issues. You can specifically see what's going on in each one of these things. So yeah, this helps a lot. And I'll also point out that this thing aligns fairly closely with the I just put a link to the public road map in the chat as well. And I try my best to keep that refreshed and updated almost on a weekly basis.

Anil Murty: and so you can see that all the stuff that is showing as closed in this has been checked off as green and console building and usage is in staging environment right now and should be going green in the next few days. So exciting stuff.

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Thank you, Anneil. does anyone have any questions about anything client product and engineering related or how to access? Again, it's very clear transparent. so, just want to see if anybody has any questions. All right.  If not then we can jump into the next agenda item and that is around active discussions. again we try to push as many discussions into the signs and working groups for proper vetting.

Tyler Wright: and then once folks have some more dialogue or auditing from the community and those discussions have been updated then they can present them from the steering committee. I think there's three that have been talked about previously and so we'll talk about those today. I will start at the top with the conversation that Shrike from the Akos insiders has started around Akos notebooks. Again he gave a preliminary demo during the last SIG clients meeting but Shrike if you can take maybe a minute or two to talk about your project at the highest level.

Tyler Wright: And then we can open it up to two or three minutes of questions and then again rinse and repeat for some other discussions. That would be great. So I'll hand it over to Shrike if feel free if you want to share screen.

Tyler Wright: But I know that you've been working on this for some time called a solution called the cash notebooks.

Shrike: Yeah.

Shrike: So for those coming from the insiders call the office hours call, I'm really just going to be repeating everything I said there quickly. But Akash notebooks is basically just a let me share my screen real quick. Yeah, here we go. this is just a mockup of how the app will look. but Akash notebooks is a development tool that will simplify the workflow for data scientists and AI engineers.


### 00:20:00

Shrike: So it simplifies the process for creating Jupyter notebook instances on the Aash notebook and deploying your project projects on it working on them using data sets and being able to participate in events and competitions. and for I can as an example give you here the projects tab where you can have different projects and you can deploy them into isolated Jupyter instances and work on them separately. is the point is that you are able to quickly and efficiently boot up Jupyter instances, work on the project, close them down and be able to mount different data sets onto it that might be publicly available or might be private to you. it's really about streamlining the process of working.

Shrike: and we are also planning to create a community around it. So we can have different events such as hackathons, workshops and a sort of discussion thread. we haven't yet implemented that part but a place for people that are interested in whatever AI belie insights as well as share their projects really build if any of you are familiar with Kaggle we're trying to build a very very similar to Kaggle but without many of the drawbacks especially with pragmatism when it comes

Shrike: the coding title falls short in a lot of areas. yes. So does anybody have any comments? I know that some people had criticism.

Shrike: I believe Maxim and if I didn't answer your questions, I would love to hear them now.

Tyler Wright: I guess prior to that,…

Tyler Wright: I know that you were talking about making this an open-source project. I don't see a direct ask in the discussion. Are you looking for anything specific from the community besides feedback at this time?

Tyler Wright: or what's your next steps and objective and then I can kick it up to kick it over to anybody that has questions.

Shrike: So at this time we are mostly just looking for feedback on…

Shrike: how we're going to move forward. Obviously we have established that we're going to do certain things here in the actual discussion. but moving forward, we are going to open source this project. but we've kind of said that we're going to open source it if we get what's it called? The proposal pushed through so that we can work on this constantly cuz right now it's sort of on and off.

Shrike: And yeah, so currently it's just like we're looking for feedback and we're looking for criticisms.

Tyler Wright: Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: And then after that, I guess you would follow up with an additional proposal that would outline what the next steps are to take this from an MVP to something else and the potential commitment that you were looking for from the community pool…

Tyler Wright: because it would be a public good that would serve the community, I'm guessing, is your thought process.

Shrike: Exactly. Yes.

Tyler Wright: All So, I know that Strike and I think there's a couple other folks that are working on this as well. there's been a number of folks getting involved in the conversation. appreciate that. but just want to see if anybody had any questions or any feedback immediately that they want to bring up during the call. All right. I know there's additional opportunities to again give feedback in the specific discussion and talk about next steps in terms of things you like or…

Tyler Wright: don't like. I know that Max and others have already gotten involved. Shik, I see your hand up. Go ahead.

Shrike: Yeah,…

Shrike: I just wanted to ask…

Shrike: if I cleared up some of the confusions that Maxim and Neil had. whatever.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Max.

Maxime Beauchamp: I think we can discuss this async.

Maxime Beauchamp: I didn't have the time to look at the comments back. but one thing that I want to mention as well is that because right now what you guys seem to be using is directly custodial wallets with Kepler and Anil did mention that in his comment that if you guys want to reduce the friction as much as possible for nontechnical users this is probably not the best path.

Maxime Beauchamp: path. so what we implemented in console is I don't know if you've tried it out but the manage wallets with credit cards and with that there's an API that you can use to interact with that system that essentially abstracts away all the blockchain related stuff that users don't need to learn.  And right now you can manage wallet API to use that directly in Aash notebooks. That would probably make it easier. So I can drop some links to some documentation in the discussions for that.

Maxime Beauchamp: And one other thing is it would be great if it's named a cache notebooks that it would use the same branding and styling of a cash console.  That's just my opinion, but yeah, that's it for

Shrike: Yeah, you're right that the fiat is definitely the way to go in this regard specifically. it's a very core feature that we're probably going to implement pretty soon. we were actually asking how much people think this might be a priority. but yeah.

Tyler Wright: I want to give it hand over to O'Neal, but before I do, I do just want to piggyback on that last point that Max made about just the user experience and the front end.  I know and I want to give out shout out to Josh and Dennis who kind of lead efforts around SIG design know one of the things that they've been working on is kind of a design framework language or assets that folks can use on the branding side or even just for front-end development that are very consistent so that folks that are building products or building experiences again there's a unified kind of clear language

Tyler Wright: across console and some of these other tools for folks trying to interact with their accasha network. So I would urge anybody that's like building anything to just at least look at that preliminary design framework or just start asking questions in sig design and get some feedback from Josh and Dennis. But Anil, I'll hand it over to you.  Apologize.

Anil Murty: No worries. So yeah, I think first off, thanks for submitting this and thanks for writing up such a well thought out proposal and also doing a basic demo. So that's awesome. I think my main comments on this were and I put them in the comments over there as well.  if you scroll down there scroll to the bottom of the page. I don't know the title if you're there but yeah yeah so my main comments on this were number one there's been a similar proposal in the past so taking a look at that and sort of the comments to that might be helpful a little bit if you get a chance outside of that I think I have kind of three or four points on the product side and then one on sort of the marketing side.

Anil Murty: So one of the things that we realized or we've known this but we have tested it sort of by going to these events as well and for the people that have been on the communities that have been on some of these events you can potentially back me up on this which is most number one these notebooks whether you take Google Collab or you take some of the other ones that are out there they're always targeted towards students and researchers. so I think there's two parts to that. these don't tend to be the most wealthiest of customers that you can find out there. they tend to not spend as much as regular companies and stuff like that. So that's question point number one.

Anil Murty: and then the second is that if you look at some of the products that exist out there, they pretty much abstract away the infrastructure portion of this from the user and they do that on intention because like you said, this is majorly used by data scientists. the typical AI engineer or developer that's working on something is not going to use a notebook. They're just going to code it up or use an API from OpenAI or something else. some sort of managed API. typically a notebook will be used by somebody who isn't a coder by definition but is very good with data science or with MS research and so they want to abstract away the infrastructure and at least in the demo what I saw was your demo at least is very focused on showing people how many resources they're creating a deployment and all that.


### 00:30:00

Anil Murty: So I think if you're going to build something like this, it has to be a managed service and it has to abstract away the infrastructure. And then the second portion of this is almost entirely the people use Google collard today are quote unquote normies. So they're not going to be comfortable using crypto for the most part. So I think that was kind of my second point and I think Max already brought that up again.  So I think that's definitely something to look at and as Max said we have a first class API that can be used for creating deployments using a managed wallet. so definitely look into that. and then as far as one of the things you mentioned in the description of the proposal was solving the problem of creating a docker instance and things like that that has been kind of partially solved in the console UI today.

Anil Murty: So there's a workflow where you can connect to a GitHub repository or a GitLab repository or a Bitbucket and essentially it'll pull your code, build it for you, deploy it without you having to create a Docker instance or create an SDL file and it'll even take your building the code for you and it'll also redeploy it when you change things. So it's kind of I would say 30% of what something like Versel provides. but it's only focused on React today. so that workflow exists and then we have been talking to a team called Lavanti labs if you've paid attention to Akash accelerate you probably saw a guy do a presentation there who is basically building an AI agent that'll be capable of taking natural language and creating a docker image as well as an SDL deployment. So I think there's other ways to sort of solve that problem.

Anil Murty: I don't know if you would necessarily want to conflate Docker building and SDL building with this notebook thing necessarily. So that's just my main feedback over here. And then from a go to market perspective again just number one is these are not the most wealthiest of customers that you'll find out there or users.  Most of them work off of grants that their professors get and in many cases they run their own little GPU instances within their labs. And then second is how do you actually reach them when there's already a free product called Google Collab that doesn't charge any money.  So just something to think

Shrike: Yeah so there was a lot of points there so I'm going to try to take my time to answer them all. I suppose I'll start with the last ones solving the need for dockerization and whatever the complexity that comes with that. I would like to start by saying that what we are doing is maybe I wasn't clear on it but we are only deploying Jupiter instances and we're not like changing the im image in any way.

Shrike: So that automatic deployment thing doesn't really apply in this situation because the code that is changing is sort of the code that is written inside of the Jupyter instance. I'd also like to say that when you're going through and you're finding the templates for the Jupyter notebooks sure that's very simple but there's a lot of extra things that can be done that templates doesn't provide. For example, if I want to interface with GitHub, I'm going to need some special environment variables that will allow I understand, but that's not what the proposal and the demo communicate right now.

Tyler Wright: I think  Hey,

Anil Murty: Pony Rose commented.

Shrike: I apologize for that. We should have written it a little more clearly.

Shrike: but yeah, in that sense it makes sense why we had that confusion and I apologize for that. but there are extra things such as you might want different Docker images for different situations. if you're working on an AMD device instead of an Invidia device, if you're working with what's it called R instead of Python, you're going to need different images for each of those situations. And instead of the user having to look through all the templates which is a massive list of a ton of different templates, it would be much easier for them to use this already complete solution.


### 00:35:00

Shrike: But I think the bigger issue here is that we are also adding a lot of extra services that I believe just wouldn't make sense to include in a Kash console like this app is not just what do you call it? It can't be summarized in a single Jupyter image. we have a data sets tab.  We're going to have an entire system for communities to engage with each other for events and competitions to be held. yes.

Tyler Wright: No. yeah, I apologize. I just want to make sure we have enough time for other discussions. I think if you could just I know that Anil dropped a number of points and we could probably take those points and reply to them in the discussion just for everybody who maybe can't make it here or can't watch this video to get involved in. I apologize for cutting you off, but I just want to give you maybe 30 seconds to have some closing remarks and…

Tyler Wright: then maybe you can answer some of Anneil's other specific questions in the discussion just for transparency Perfect. Thank you.

Shrike: Yeah,…

Shrike: I mean I can try to answer the rest of your criticisms and questions in the GitHub instead of babbling on here. but yeah, if anybody wants to add things or wants to criticize the product or whatever, feel free to just write in the repository.

Tyler Wright: Any I know you just put your hand up.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I'll just say one thing. So I completely understand if you're going to build a managed service like Google Collab, then it makes complete sense. But my comments are purely based on what I read in the description and the demo which requires a use user to know what GPUs to select, deploy it, all of that stuff.  So like you said the goal of a good notebook Google Collab should be to abstract away infrastructure and abstract away any sort of differences between what version of PyTorch is installed if they're running TensorFlow what libraries they need for that specific drivers for a GPU type and things like that.  So that makes sense. But that's not what I saw in the description.

Shrike: My bad for the heck.

Tyler Wright: No, again,…

Tyler Wright: Shriker, I think right now you've been looking for feedback and so you've gotten feedback from the community some members of the core team as well.  So hopefully again you continue to take that feedback and continue to fine-tune as Anne Neil mentioned much appreciate you putting together this discussion putting together a demo getting feedback from the community joining SIG clients. So much appreciate you going through that process and as you requested you're getting feedback and we'll continue to fine-tune and take next steps. So feel free to again answer those questions and Neil drop in.  Go ahead and yell.

Anil Murty: sorry just one last thing which is I'll say is whenever you write the new proposal or revise this if you're planning to go completely manage service then yeah I agree that it may not make sense to have it in console because console it's basically run GPUs on demand right now it's not managed models or anything of that sort that would make sense but if you're choosing to not do that and keep in mind that if you do a managed service then you've got to figure out how you're going to

Anil Murty: maintain the opex going forward for that you'd have to basically run a bunch of servers abstract over the infrastructure and then give people a SLA or some level of the service and somebody have to maintain this on an ongoing basis so it's not like you just put an open source project out there and move on so if that's the approach you're taking then great or that's fine but if you're choosing to take the approach which is the way it's in the demo where the user comes in pays for a deployment themselves and chooses a provider from Akash then I would argue that it  does make sense in console. That's just my two cents.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. If you have…

Shrike: I'm not sure if I have time to answer this question right now. Do I?

Tyler Wright: if you can do it under 30 seconds, I think that's fine.

Shrike: I don't think I can do it under 30 seconds.

Tyler Wright: All right. Then drop it in the discussion or just amend your discussion. And now you have a number of talking points that you can make sure are very very clear for this updated discussion. I just want to make sure there's enough time for people. I know that some other people that are already going to give discussions have had to drop off.  So I apologize but I think it was worthy discussion. I think this is the feedback that you were looking for. So again any other items please feel free to drop them in the discussion. If anybody else wants to get involved please do so. I'm going to because I want to make sure we have enough time for some other items. Next one up is the Akash tenant incentive pilot.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: We've been talking about this overclock labs have been talking about this in some capacity for months at this point. and again at various SIGs and working groups and now again Chang has put a discussion together. This proposal is now up for vote. thank you to those that have gotten involved in discussion. We're both live and this discussions.  I just want to quickly see if there's any questions or comments anybody has that haven't been answered. Otherwise, Chang, feel free to take a minute or so to talk about this at a high level.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, Thank for those who have participated, I think there was a single question that had a budget embedded into it. And I think the only thing I'll say in terms of addressing that is that the new tenant incentive program will not go live without all of the enhancements that the product team has really put in place to mitigate any sort of spam, fraud, abuse, etc.  So on the user side, there has been a lot of work brought from the learnings and experiences of the previous kind of permissionless free trials which we learned a ton from and we're parlaying all of that into enhancements into the console that will be launched alongside of the tenant in antenna program. And so we definitely expect to mitigate every kind of instance of fraud and abuse that we have seen in the past in addition to others that we anticipate might be edge cases.

Cheng Wang: but we have built in nonetheless. So, shout out to Max Adill for really spinning all the elbow grease to get that to happen. So, want to definitely assuage any concerns there and in the event that there is sort of issues that might arise the entire K network team will be monitoring this very very closely. in addition to that, there fail safes in there such as daily resets, and stuff like that that will, kick out workloads in a 24-h hour period so that, long-standing workloads are not going to be possible to kind of hog or deny resources.

Cheng Wang: And last but not least is that with the additional protections in place, this program will be open to all providers on the network, which is one of the biggest I think points of criticism that the network I think at large had and community has had. So this is going to be addressing all of that. And so going forward, all providers on the network will be able to service root trial workloads. so that's a huge huge win.  And of course, we'll continue to develop this as things go forward and as we learn from, use cases and the hope for this and as you guys seen today, we hit a all-time high on spend on the network and we're hoping to kind of push that, even higher and further of course, And we hope we'll do a lot in going towards that.

Cheng Wang: especially the last thing I'll say is in coordination with our business development efforts in terms of bringing on additional clients onto the network right customers and tenants especially. So yeah all those things will be working hand in hand in hand to hopefully ensure that this is a success and again this will be a pilot and if this is successful we'll probably roll this into a pilot number two and just like provider incentive pilots we'll be parlaying learnings from one into the next.

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Does anyone have any questions about the tenant incentive pilot?

Cheng Wang: That's it for me.

Tyler Wright: All Again, this is up for vote right now if you vote when you can. and it'll be up for the next six days. All right. next up, is a proposal, that Overclock Labs, has put up, for Akos Chat API and Akos Gen. Going to take off my AOS hat and put on my overclock hat for a quick second. but really at the highest level, this is a program that the overclock labs team has been leading and funding. Obviously, there's been members of the community.


### 00:45:00

Tyler Wright: I want to shout out Julius Yannik and others that have been helping to bring this to life. this is a tool that many folks use across in and outside the web3 ecosystem. and again these tools are really free to the community and continue to showcase what's possible on the Akos network. these are things that again even prior to 2025 Overclock Labs has been coming out of pocket for and so really we look at this as a kind of growth effort using a chat API which again number of startups and organizations use as on a Kos gen as ways to again showcase what AOS network is capable of and really be an onboarding mechanism just like wow you could do all this kind of stuff with using AOS chat and AOS

Tyler Wright: network and they can again parlay that into deploying other things onto the network. So what we've tried to do is spend some time looking at again the compute costs as well as cost of operations and development adding in some taxes and volatility Love to see if anybody has any questions comments about this.  Again, there's been a lot of work, but I just want to highlight the work that's been done over the last six months. Big shout out to Julius and Yanuk for again really kind of leading these efforts along with other folks here on the call and in the community. so again, there's a lot of work that has been done both on the development side as well as continues to get done. There's a lot of what's going on next. so I just want to see if anybody has any questions or comments.

Tyler Wright: Again, we've talked about this in SIG clients. we've talked about this at a number of other smaller meetings over the last couple of months and beyond. We've had folks from the community helped to contribute to this. And this is something that again various clients have already interacted with especially the Kosh chat API as initial onboarding mechanism to understand the Akash network in more detail.  I wanted to see if anybody had any questions, comments, concerns, feedback that they wanted to bring up here right now. I just want to call out this is a retroactive proposal. So again, this is for efforts that Akash chat and the cash have already been done from January to June.

Tyler Wright: and there's another signaling proportion as we continue to think about the future as Tang had just mentioned with all proposals put to forth by Overclock Labs. what we really tried to do as Overclock Labs is develop things come out of pocket see if the things work from there. If they really work and they're scalable then scale them and again see if there's getting the community involved. and again we'll always look to fine-tune as an organization if there's things that could be done to improve these products or scale these products. So it's always an active and process that's ever evolving. But just want to see again if anybody has any questions, comments and then if this proposal pass it will continue to be transparent reporting on all some of these efforts as we continue to move forward.

Tyler Wright: If there's no questions there, then again, I'll ask that folks continue to drop in feedback on this proposal before it goes live. I think sometime early next week. All right. I did want to see if there's anybody else that wanted to talk about any discussions. I'm looking in the chat. yeah, no, doesn't look like anything. but again, there's a number of active discussions. I would ask that folks get involved in these discussions, leave comments on them, give votes of approval, talk about use cases, talk again, any feedback is good. so yeah, cool.

Tyler Wright: There are a couple of discussions I have follow up with this team that was working on discord bots because they're looking to build a business and I think the same thing with another proposal they were thinking about putting on chain and they wanted to build a business around these items and keep it closed source. they're not going to be looking for community pool funds and they're going to be going another route.  So some of these discussions will be closed over the next week or so for those that are not going to be again publicly facing efforts or efforts that don't necessarily just benefit the Akash network community. All right. we've gotten through the discussions part. I know we have about seven minutes left.


### 00:50:00

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any other agenda items or open discussion items that anybody wants to make sure we discuss with the seven minutes left before I jump into kind of what's All right. If not, then again, I will remind people to continue to look at the road map.  I know again as a Neil mentioned on the product side there's a number of updates that happen quite regularly other core team and the finance team are going to I think make some additional updates to some items that have been talked about at SIG chain as well as SIG economics as it pertains to the road map.

Tyler Wright: In addition, for folks that want to get more involved, again, please look at the website, you can go to the development tab, go to the community calendar and look ahead to a number of SIG and working groups that'll be happening in August. SIG economics is the next one coming up. as well as working group for their website. There's a number of opportunities to again make changes to the website, with blogs as well as get involved with documentation.  So if you want to get more involved with some of those efforts, feel free to join. SIG chain might be changing. Again, before the next SIG chain meeting, there will be some updates and we'll make sure the validators are there to ask any questions about the next network upgrade which will be happening over the next couple of months. so again, those are some of the big items. SIG clients is also an item that will be happening in August.

Tyler Wright: This is a bimonthly meeting that did not meet but we'll meet again in August. So look out for that. Again there's a number of other efforts and our next steering committee will be August 28th at the same bat time and the same bat location. if there's nothing else then again great discussion around some of these discussions. Please again if you're watching this video later or if you're on the call right now, please look to get involved in some of these discussions, give feedback, give thoughts ask questions. Again, this community is as great as it is because of these kinds of dialogues and these open communications and transparent conversations.

Tyler Wright: So, we're all kind of trending in the right direction. So, big shout out to everybody here, everybody getting involved. please again continue to push things forward. If you need me for anything, please feel free to reach out to me. If you need anything on the community side, please feel free to reach out to just ask another Akash insider. again, thank you to all those participated. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and we shall continue to talk in the discussions in Discord and elsewhere. But thank you all. enjoy your rest of your day everybody and we'll talk soon.

Shrike: Bye-bye.

Cheng Wang: Thank you,…

Cheng Wang: Tyler. Always. Thank you, everyone.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Bye-bye y'all.


### Meeting ended after 01:27:38 👋
