## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #31

## Agenda

* Community feedback and grievances
* Core engineering updates and Cosmos SDK 53 migration
* Client and product updates including Akash Console
* Marketing, community, and events updates
* Governance proposals and discussions
* Open discussions and next steps

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, September 4, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://jmfbdtbfma772wkshnr37y4ydp5bqqv5kdrcxahzw7kfuiyagiiq.arweave.net/SwoRzCVgP_1ZUjtjv-OYG_oYQr1Q4iuA-bfUWiMAMhE)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Germany Beal
* Crypto Bushi
* Anil Murty
* Scott Hewitson
* Cheng Wang
* Chinedu Nwadike
* Fenil
* Kenny R
* Maciej Wapiński
* Nick Wagner
* Pope Black
* Rodri R
* Scott Carruthers
* William Nilsson
* Zeke Ezagui
* Jannick Haus
* Joshua Meyer
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker Tyler

## Meeting Notes

### Community Feedback and Grievances

* Germany Beal introduced an MVP agent named **NAVIR**, capable of deploying and managing its own containers with health checks using Akash.
* Feedback requested from community on alignment and potential adoption.
* Tyler Wright advised moving the discussion into SIGs/working groups for more detailed review.

### Core Engineering Updates

* Major focus on **Cosmos SDK 53 migration** with related features like AEP75 (authz functionality).
* Initial upgrade timing expected end of September but now likely to be adjusted by 5–10 days due to ongoing testing.
* Network upgrade considered massive with multiple clients actively using Akash; precautions needed to ensure seamless deployments during upgrade.
* Opportunity for deeper technical discussion during SIG Chain and SIG Support.

### Client and Product Updates

* Discussion of **Akash Console** updates and transparency in product roadmap.
* Anil Murty explained breaking changes tied to Cosmos SDK 53:

  * Transition to new protobuf definitions and code generation via **chain-SDK**.
  * API changes impacting AkashJS (crypto users) and Managed Wallet API (non-crypto users).
  * Migration guidance documents will be shared for clients.
  * Introduction of JWT-based authentication to replace certificate creation.
* CLI commands expected to remain mostly unchanged, but confirmation to follow.
* Future discussions suggested for escrow wallet enhancements at SIG Clients.

### Marketing, Community, and Events

* **Token 2049:** Preparation for Akash presence with booth and on-ground support.
* **Back to School Event (Austin, Texas):** Collaboration with University of Texas Blockchain Club at DAI space.
* **DevConnect:** Potential Akash presence under discussion in SIG Community.
* **Hackodisha (India):** Akash sponsoring hackathon with 5,000+ participants; Akash track to feature prominently.
* **Nigeria Hub Launch (Q4):** Pope Black proposed Akash as a launch partner (\$3,000 sponsorship). Advised to share details publicly in SIG Community for discussion.

### Active Proposals and Discussions

* **Proposal 1013 – [Decentralized Cloud Foundation Expenses](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1013)** (Scott Hewitson):

  * Funding request of \~\$400K from community pool to cover directors, service providers, legal reserves, and compliance needs.
  * Purpose is to ensure separation of labs and foundation and align with industry standards.
  * Next step: proposal expected to go on-chain in 1–2 weeks.

* **Provider Incentive Pilot (PIP03):**

  * Focused on testing new GPU compute resources in small batches.
  * Ongoing discussions in SIG Providers and SIG Economics.


* **[Autonomous AI Agent Framework Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1011) (Prop #1011)** presented by Crypto Bushi and Germany Beal.

  * Over 400 hours invested, shortened version of original proposal for easier digestion.
  * Working prototype “Navir” already deployed: manages redeployments, health, and treasury (\~\$360k).
  * Envisions Akash leading in **decentralized autonomous agents** and cross-chain liquidity.
  * Potential to pioneer frameworks for **durable decentralized applications** beyond agents.
  * Feedback requested from community; demo and open-sourcing planned after refactoring.
* Anil Murty raised four key points:

  * Clarification on whether framework is deployment-specific or general-purpose.
  * Suggested reviewing **Eliza OS integration** already attempted.
  * Mentioned overlap with **Levangi Labs’ agent prototype** showcased at Akash Accelerate.
  * Highlighted ongoing challenges with **confidential computing readiness** on H100 GPUs.
* Crypto Bushi responded:

  * Current approach emphasizes decentralization and local hosting of models.
  * Framework aims to become a general-purpose platform for **durable permissionless runtime applications**.
  * Economic loops envisioned to sustain containers long-term.

### Open Discussion and Reminders

* Encouragement for community members to leave public feedback and avoid private DMs to ensure transparency.
* Next SIG Support scheduled for **September 16, 2025**.
* Next Steering Committee meeting planned for **September 25, 2025**.
* Reminder to track upcoming SIGs, proposals, and discussions via GitHub steering committee folder and community calendar.
* Acknowledgment of new contributors and thanks for ongoing community engagement.

## Action Items

* Germany Beal to share **NAVIR discussion link** in Discord.
* Anil and product team to publish **migration documentation** for SDK53 upgrade.
* Germany to raise **escrow wallet improvements** in SIG Clients.
* Fenil to provide updates on Hackodisha  outcomes.
* Pope Black to share **Nigerian hub proposal** in Discord and SIG Community.
* Scott Hewitson to move **Foundation Ops proposal** on-chain in 1–2 weeks.
* Community members to review and provide feedback on **Proposal #1011 Autonomous Agent Framework**.
* All participants encouraged to join SIG meetings and continue discussions publicly.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akos Network steering committee. usually happens the last Thursday of every month as a culmination of all the SIGs and working groups that happen throughout the month. because of some scheduling conflicts, this meeting has been pushed to today, September 4th, 2025. again, welcome to everybody that's able to join us. We have a typical agenda that we go through leading up during each and every steering committee meeting. again you can find the steering committee as well as all things related to the Akash network open source project at the Akos network organization inside of GitHub. As we always do we start out our agenda with discussing, and addressing any community feedback, grievances or conflicts.

Tyler Wright: Just want to see if anybody here on the caller has heard anything relating to community feedback that they want to bring up today. Go ahead, Germany.

Germany Beal: Hey, hey, Germany one of our co-founders is here to cryptobushy and we would love to get some community feedback on a proposal that we just got with a new agent that's currently running on top of Akos. His name is Nibir. we don't have to necessarily talk about it during this call because I'm sure you guys have a lot to go over, but yeah, we would love to get some community feedback to make sure that there's alignment in terms that this is something that you guys would like to be built on your stack. and go from there. But a quick TLDDR, we was able to make an MVP of a self-sufficient like agent where it's been deploying its own containers. Sorry if there's any providers on here. You've been seeing containers go up and down with it own health check using AOS for primary and hibernation deployments and using even the block or the AOS onchain using a store as health messages.

Germany Beal: So yeah, anyhoo, I don't want to take up too much time,…

Tyler Wright: Did you create a discussion?

Germany Beal: but yeah, I just like to give some feedback on that and get you guys thoughts on

Tyler Wright: Can you drop the discussion in the chat for folks? we have a agenda item farther down where we talk through discussions. Usually those discussions have already been talked about in detail during a cigarette working group. So I might have you join a sig working group, but I'd love for you to drop that discussion. I think Scott already did. But thank Nice to meet Any other grievances or any other agenda items that anybody wants to make sure gets discussed before we hop into project boards? All right, continuing on with the agenda.

Tyler Wright: Again, as a part of the steering committee monthly meetings, we go through many of the project boards that are transparent and community facing related to core engineering efforts, client and product efforts as well as efforts across marketing, community and events. oftent times we start out with core engineering updates.  Again, for those who are new here, there's opportunities to connect with the core engineering team during the SIG chain, which is related to all things blockchain on the AOS network, as well as SIG support, which is a monthly meeting where members of the core engineering team triage any issues awaiting triage and The support repo or anything related to again the core product in the node or provider repo kinds of lives.

Tyler Wright: Beyond that then we go into some updates from the client and product team focusing on again a number of clients including the Kosh console and then marketing updates but today we will start off with updates on the core engineering side again this board is public facing and anybody from the community can ask questions get involved with specific tasks I know that one of the biggest issues that's been discussed at great detail at great length for

Tyler Wright: many months is these u upgrade to cosmos SDK version 0.5.3 or 53 so Cosmos SDK 53 migration there's some final testing that the core engineering team is doing around some related features especially AP75 which you can see a little bit farther down the list around Oz functionality but I know that there is a group of Akos community members that are waiting to do some testing as well  before opening it up to centralized exchanges and other clients that will be doing some testing prior to the network upgrade. I believe the initial intent was to have the network upgrade at the end of September. but due to some testing items that are being worked on right now, believe that network upgrade timing will be adjusted over the next 5 to 10 days and then again updates will be made across the community.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: there's a number of moving parts because again this network upgrade is massive and many clients are actively using the network right now. So some precautions and some things have to be put in place prior to make sure that active folks that are actively using the Kosh network can see deployments can do things while the network upgrade is happening.  Archer who's usually here I know is doing a lot of stuff as we prepare for network upgrade and a number of other things. So again there's opportunities to talk more specifically around items in the core product and engineering roadmap during SIG chain in SIG support. again there's a number of items that are currently being worked on.

Tyler Wright: Just want to see if anybody from the community has anything that they want to talk more in detail about as pertains to core product and engineering roadmap items before we continue on with client and product updates. All right. continuing along again on the client product side, there's a number of efforts that are happening on the client and product side as it pertains to the network upgrade coming soon. and then there are a number of other efforts that again are related to manage wallet APIs and a number of other efforts that are going on across a number of different client and product related efforts.

Tyler Wright: I do want to call it out because Anneil and the rest of the product team do a great job of being transparent about all the things that are being worked on. There is inside the AOS network organization you can go to inside the console repo you can track issues across a number of different areas and then again specifically track milestones.  There's a number of things that have timelines that are being worked on, a number of new features being worked on based upon community feedback, specific client feedback. I mean, you can kind of track what's going on across all these very specific efforts both on the again provider console side, and beyond. I know Anneil's here today.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if there's anything specific that Anneil wanted to call out, but you can also go to the Akash network website. and over the last maybe couple of weeks and beyond, Anneil has put together and written a number of blogs that have gone live about features on the console side that are now live and being used in production.  Anyone have any questions or anything specific that they want to talk about as it pertains to client product and engineering? Go ahead, Germany.

Germany Beal: Yeah. two questions. One, for the cost refactor and client.js, I was trying to read through it, but I just want to make sure that it's clear. is that going to be a whole refactor of how the current a library is going to be changed? So, we are to expect to be able to refactor our code to adjust it. how big is a change? will we have to almost refactor the whole entire project board or is it more just like consolidation of the stack itself?

Tyler Wright: That is a question that I think is continuing to be worked out. I can have somebody follow up with you in the chat. perfect. Anneil's raised his hand. Go ahead, Anneil.

Anil Murty: Hey I think Germany was the one. Sorry I was not looking at the screen.

Germany Beal: Hey, what's

Anil Murty: So yeah that's a good question. So this is actually what's going to be happening as part of the network upgrade along with the Cosmos SDK 53 upgrade we are going to be moving.  So I guess first to back up right there's sort of two APIs today for being able to use JavaScript or Typescript and create deployments and manage the whole deployment life cycle. one API is for people that want to use crypto which is primarily AkashJS today which is the one you're probably using have used. and then there is a separate API that is for people that don't want to use crypto, don't want to deal with crypto and that's what we call the manage wallets API or the credit card users API. So those are the two APIs that we offer today.


### 00:10:00

Anil Murty: with that background what's going to be happening with Cosmos S's DK53 upgrade is that we are going to be moving to a new pattern for how we protobuff definitions and we are going to be effectively generate doing code generation for that through a new repository called chain SDK and we'll talk about this as we get close to the upgrade itself and that'll be generating protobug generation  for both Go as well as TypeScript and potentially other languages in the future and so there will be some breaking changes that will be introduced as part of that for the clients that are integrating with us. Now we will write a document or a set of documents for guidance on how clients should migrate to the new API structure once that is complete.

Anil Murty: We are right now testing out a lot of things in our test net internally and yeah so there will be clear guidance just so there are multiple customers of ours who have been using Akash for a long time that actually deploy workloads programmatically either using the Go SDK or using the TypeScript Akash ES SDK right now and they will also have to migrate to this so you wouldn't be the only one that would be doing it and so we will make sure that there is clear guidance on  that so that if there's breaking changes they'll handle so that's On the non-crypto side for people that are using the managed wallets API which I hope is what most people end up using because that's a much easier way to interact with the API. for that one a lot of the complexity will actually be handled underneath which basically abstracts a lot of the blockchain stuff from users and so it's a much easier API to use.

Anil Murty: It's like using a traditional API. but for both one other thing that's going to be happening is that we are going to be looking at basically transitioning from the certificate creation mechanism today to using something called JWT which you're probably familiar with. So JWT tokens, creating a JW token and then using that to do API transactions as opposed to creating a certificate and publishing it is something that's going to be coming as well. So overall there will be breaking changes on the crypto API but we'll communicate those and then if everything goes then both of these APIs should be easier to use …

Anil Murty: because of the things that are being done. Hopefully that answers your question.

Germany Beal: Sweet. Yeah.

Germany Beal: Yeah, that's my question a lot. And I got one more just to follow up with what you just said. So, with the APSO, because when I saw the U AOS refactor to the client one, we were kind of worried about it. So, what we did was we just created a container where we installed the CLI inside of it. So we just kind of running the CLI commands with some of the JavaScript library just for the sake of simplicity. Now when you change the API, would it also affect the CLI commands or would the CLI command stay the

Anil Murty: I believe there will be no significant changes to the CLA command but that's something that I think is best to check with Arro when he's on the next call.

Germany Beal: lit. And all right, cool. I had one more question, but I don't think it's like pertaining to this call. It's like if we have any feature requests or any ideas on potentially collaborating because we have hit an issue with the escro wallet since we're programmatically generating keys for the backup agents. And it would be great if we can get the escro wallet to be we can almost assign it where it's using I mean yeah I don't want to get into the details but we just need a way to be able to assign generated keys to escrow wallet. We have some ideas but I just wanted to ask …

Germany Beal: if that's something that you has been on you guys's radar or would that be something you guys would be interested in to talk about where not on this call of course but on other calls.

Anil Murty: Sure.

Anil Murty: I think it's something worth bringing up at the SIG clients meeting next. at least somebody from the client team typically participates in that. but yeah, in general, I think what you're hinting at is the certificate creation portion of it. And like I said, our plans are to move to a GWT based mechanism. And so I think that might solve some of the things they're talking about, but maybe there's something slightly different. So I think it's worth talking about it at the next six lines.

Germany Beal: Sweet. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Get it from

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Germany. is there any other questions as it pertains to client product and engineering before we continue on looking at project boards for marketing, community, and events. All right. again, I know there's a number of items that are currently in progress. two things I want to call out. Amanda is out of office this week, but we'll be returning next week and I'm sure there'll be further discussion about some of the events at the next working group for events as well as SIG community which will be happening next Tuesday. but token 2049 is a big tier one event that is coming up.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: There's been a lot of work being done into putting together a booth. I know a number of folks will be attending that event live supporting on the ground. again, Akash's presence there. so there's a lot of work going on there. One other thing to call out there's a back tochool event at the DAI space. This is a space in Austin, Texas. there's been a lot of ground work done by Ko members of the University of Texas a blockchain club coming together. and there is going to be an event happening tomorrow, Friday. there will be some images to follow. but this is part of a wide range of programming that will continue to evolve over the next couple of months. So again, we'll continue to share that with people.

Tyler Wright: You can go to the Akos network websites to get more involved and in the events and understand what's on the horizon. If there's any events you want to specifically pitch, there's an opportunity to do that in Discord and then follow up from there. I know Jeremy put a message in the chat around Dev Connect.  I believe there is an idea to have some presence at Dev Connect. It hasn't been finalized yet, but some members of the Akash Insider community have also been talking about making sure there's a presence at Dev Connect. So, again, if anybody has any other events that they want to talk about maybe a Kosh network having a presence at, please use the working group for events 2025 channel in Discord. or look out for the next meeting.

Tyler Wright: Look out for the next meeting at SIG community where I think they'll be talking about that as well. Again, there's a number of other tier one conferences that have already been planned or talked about that are coming up on the horizon in October and November. so again for folks that want to get involved in planning, execution, design, please feel free to join a SIG or working group or just ask an insider or somebody from the AOS community in Discord on how you can get involved. I'm sure they'll point you in the right direction. Does anyone have anything that they want to talk about specifically as it pertains to community and marketing initiatives?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Fil.

Fenil: Yeah so I want to say about that thing Akad is sponsoring one hackathon in India called Hack Orisa this year and there are 5,000 plus participants are going to participate in this hackathon and we put AAS in front of the 5,000 participants this year and I know there are multiple participants going to build something on AAS and there are a really cool school we have alternate for the AAS track so is going to place in this weekend five  7th September. And yeah, that's it. All right. Now, I'm just

Tyler Wright: Thank you for mentioning that. Again, believe Fenil has been working with some folks in the Akash India sube ecosystem around a I think 36-hour hackathon that'll be happening over the weekend. So much appreciate all the effort that's gone in there. Go ahead, Pope Black.

Pope Black: So I don't know if this actually aligns with the community marketing initiative but I just want to share it. So there's a hub in Nigeria which is currently being built in another part of Nigeria and it's set to launch Q4. So they are sourcing for launch partner and for the launch partner you have access to the hub. Your logo brand identity will be in as a heart on the wall and also you guys will be able to host events in this. Beyond that you can even host workshops on some of developers who are going to be taking courses in this up can also be funed through insiders as well. So, I was wondering if this is something that cash might be interested in.


### 00:20:00

Pope Black: And it cost around $3,000 to become a launch partner for this hub. I can share more details to you by DM. The pitch tech, the hub, the project design, and also the proposal.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think the best way to move forward is to share more information and…

Tyler Wright: what all the opportunity entails inside the working group or maybe sick community and then you could talk about it further next speak live with members of the community that talk about again community programming, the insiders program, etc. I think that would be the best place to talk about it. This is natural segue into again just a reminder of best practices for the governance proposal. And I think just the way that you just did it, Pope Black, of just bringing something up in Discord or a public place and then again providing more context for the community to be able to talk about and ideulate around.

Tyler Wright: And then from there we want to push people into discussions where they can again talk about those discussions at a specific SIG or working group get some more feedback from the community before again bringing it up to the steering committee and then after the steering committee putting on chain for vote. so again as next steps pope I would just try to do this as much in a public setting as possible.  I know some folks reach out to other insiders or other members of the core team via DMs. I would ask specifically that folks continue to, one of the great things about the Akos community is how active and vibrant it is. And so I would ask that folks continue to leave comments and feedback in public as often as possible.

Tyler Wright: So, please feel free to drop any messages or any information in the SIG community and then talk about it next week. But it sounds like an interesting opportunity Yeah.

Pope Black: Yeah, what I'm thinking is I don't think this is worthy of what's it called onchain proposal since the act is $3,000. So it's going to be too much to put this on change for proposal.  Of course, I can put it on for discussion and get feedback from insiders if this is something I think it's a good opportunity for

Tyler Wright: No, I think that's a good call out and I believe there are programs already in place to support hackathons and some of these initiatives that already have budgets. So that's a good call out, but please share any more information Paul Black in sick community and hopefully it gets talked about next week.

Tyler Wright: Anything else that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to project boards before we continue onward? All right. after projects again we go into the discussion ion. usually again how discussions work as previously mentioned is folks get share ideas in SIGs working groups or discord and then from there hash out ideas into drafts of proposals, get additional feedback and talk about the proposals in a specific siger working group and then after there's some momentum and feedback from that siger working group then proposals can come up before the steering committee.

Tyler Wright: I believe we have a couple that meet that criteria now. I know that Cryptobushi I don't think they put the proposal through last week and I think there hasn't been a sick client meeting since then. I may give them one minute at the end just to quickly go at a high level and just answer any questions because again they have put up a thorough discussion and the SIG clients meeting meets every other month. but before we hop in, I do want to call out there is an active proposal that's been up for a while related to the Cosmos SDK 53 migration. So there's some supplemental work that has to go into Luna, the person that has written the proposal couldn't be here today but wanted created a short video answering any additional questions and responding to feedback that has already been there.

Tyler Wright: So I would ask anybody that wants to get involved in this proposal again please feel free to leave comments, watch the video and then take next steps from there. One proposal that has been talked about for a long period of time at SIG economics and then again has recently been talked about at SIG economics as recently as yesterday.  I do want to give the platform to Scott Huittson who's been working on this effort and has been talking about this for months in SIG economics and then again talked about this proposal in SIG economics. So Scott, I'm going to hand the floor over to you to talk about proposal 1013 and see if there's any additional thoughts or questions anyone has that haven't been answered in sick economics.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Yes, sir.

Scott Hewitson: All right.

Scott Hewitson: Can everyone hear me? All right. Yeah. So, I've talked about it, teased it quite a few times in SIG Econ. really it's just the crypto industry is maturing. Akos has been around for 5 years which makes us kind of like a dinosaur compared to some of the other projects. and so really this is kind of just to stay in line with the changing I'll say compliance and just making sure everything's on the up and up moving forward. so really what this is this is just the operational expenses for foundation.

Scott Hewitson: foundation is used for a bunch of different things. I know it hasn't really had much of a spotlight but we're working towards kind of moving it with a more prominent role. and part of that is getting the funding for it from the community pool. the discussion kind of it's pretty brief. It's kind of to the point. it's around 400k. and it's kind of just to align with how other projects are doing things. the foundation's been around since EG token genesis event. and yeah, so it's really just an attempt to further progress compliance and just have that kind of separation between labs and foundation. in what's covered in it is you've got these directors so it's Cayman based foundation.

Scott Hewitson: so there's Cayman directors and then some overclock directors. they all have fidiciary responsibility to the foundation and there does need to be some kind of monetary exchange to pay for those services. so there's five directors. The other aspect is a POP service provider. you'll see this throughout a bunch of different foundations.  you'll have service providers providing services, custody, payments, reporting, all the kind of legal and just making sure everything's squared away. that is part of this. there's a one-time setup fee and then we've got some legal reserves and some buffer just because if you follow along crypto there's always wild things going on.

Scott Hewitson: So, it's good to be I'd say cover your downside so that everything can take care of itself. if anyone does anyone have any questions as it pertains to the decentralized cloud foundation paying for the expenses through the community pool or any other questions? I don't need to go too much into detail. It's pretty cut and dry. All right, I'll take that as a no. so next steps for this will be probably in the next week or two go up on chain. so there'll be a foundation multisig where all the funds are everyone can see how things are going. and then moving forward major props u will be submitted through the foundation versus overclock. or some of them will not be.

Scott Hewitson: But yeah, that's kind of it. I left overclock a few weeks ago, but this is kind of an outstanding project that I wanted to get across the finish line. So, yeah, that's all I've got.

Scott Hewitson: Any other questions? If not, I'll give it back to Ty.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Thank you very much,…

Tyler Wright: Again, if anybody has any questions or any thoughts please drop them in the proposal. Scott has outlined the next steps So again please make your feedback heard over the next few days. Another item that has been talked about at great deal detail during sig providers as well as the sig economics has been the third installment of the providers incentive pilot.

Tyler Wright: this has been again ongoing efforts and I believe with this most recent pilot there's idea of again bringing on some new cutting edge GPU compute resources in small batches to test and try to find new use cases and new audiences on the Akash network. I know this is something that again Chang has been talking about since has been hinting about since pip 01 began. so this is not something new or out of the blue. and again has been talked about in SIG providers as well as SIG economics, but just want to make sure if anybody has any comments. I know there's been a lot of thumbs up and approval during SIGs. but just want to see if anybody has any comments that they can feel free to drop in any questions or anything that they want as pertains to PIPO3.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: All continuing along, again, there's a number of active discussions, that, can use some feedback. please, again, ask any questions. I do, this is a little bit out of the ordinary, but the team is here. Scott put it in the chat already for proposal 1011 I believe Germany and Cryptobushi who are here on the call today put a lot of work into this I just want to give them maybe a minute to talk about a high level. Again there may not be much feedback right now but I'll make sure that folks from the community and folks from the core engineering team have time to give necessary feedback.

Tyler Wright: But it is good to hear voices and meet you all at the steering committee. So I don't know if you have maybe 30 seconds or a high level that you want to go through in terms of the proposal that you put forth,…

Tyler Wright: but happy to give you all 30 seconds to a minute to talk about a high level and then from there give some folks time.  Yes.

Crypto Bushi: Yeah, absolutely.

Crypto Bushi: Can you guys hear me? Cool. So, I'm Kryptobushi and I'm here with Germany. yeah, I mean we have 400 hours already invested into this framework that we're working on. It's probably a little bit different than what you guys have are typically seeing people come to you with proposals. the original proposal, some of the feedback we got was that it was maybe a little bit too in-depth, so we shortened it. So, the one you're looking at, I just edited. it's about 50% less text than there was. So, hopefully that's a little bit easier to digest. the original version has a lot technical detail on how we approach different things. So, if you're interested in that, you can definitely look at the history on that.

Crypto Bushi: but essentially the highle overview is me in and Germany are very interested in decentralized autonomous I think it's this whole kind of theory right now that AI will eventually get to a point to where it can be self- sovereign, it can be autonomous and it can be decentralized. And so I think what me and Jer are trying to show people is that it's not really just a theory anymore. and it's possible on places like I know part of Akasha's road map for 2025 was that they wanted to have sovereign agents on the network. I don't think I've seen anything work working towards that yet, but me and Germ are trying to pioneer, that vision. and I think we've achieved it. By no means do I think that our methodology is the end- all beall, but I think it could be a kind of foundational theory for how we start to think about these things.

Crypto Bushi: we have a lot of really creative solutions to problems that we ran into on AOS. so it was not easy by any means. but we have a working prototype right now. We have Navir is running right now on the network. Nive is managing his own health. He is managing his own redeployments, everything like that. Nir has a considerable size treasury. He has $360,000. I think this could be really good for Akos because Akos can really set itself up for kind of a crosschain ecosystem to where you can start having funds move from places like Salana, Ethereum, etc. moving into the AOS ecosystem, which is, obviously just more liquidity for providers, but then also more incentive for more providers to come on board as well. And so I know a lot of these deepen companies are valued on the supply.

Crypto Bushi: and so really if we can create products that generate demand for the network then I think we can help grow the supply on the AO side and then we can also help grow the liquidity side. I think generally the public is very interested in AI agents. I think if AOS could kind of show that they're pioneering an entirely new methodology of agents then that could be something like a big win for a cost in general. So we would love some feedback on this. unfortunately it's very technical and it does kind of take some highle thinking and so I kind of challenge you guys to put your critical thinking hats on and when you look at it and try to really understand what we're proposing because what we are proposing is something that is working right now in theory. and we're excited to try to expand that into a framework that other people can use as well. So thank you guys.


### 00:35:00

Germany Beal: Yeah, it's actually working now. I just had it running and so far he listed his deploy a backup container. Yeah, like what you said, I think it's really interesting and…

Germany Beal: we have to get really creative with how we handle the load balancing on chain and do that. So yeah, I'm actually really stoked for it.

Tyler Wright: amazing. Again,…

Tyler Wright: I really appreciate you all putting this together, updating the proposal, looking at the road in the community, folks that are watching this recording later, again, I'll leave it as an action item to give feedback. to the team and go from there. Yeah, I think a demo or any code would be great. But again, please if you all aren't already Germany and Cryptobushi and the rest of the team, please announce yourself in Discord.

Tyler Wright: And then certainly folks from the insider community, myself and others can follow up and help coordinate and navigate next steps.

Tyler Wright: But I'll make sure that again folks from the community can start to give feedback, ask questions, be critical, etc.

Germany Beal: Yeah, thank you.

Germany Beal: And we are going to open source it once we're done cleaning it up because right now it's just a s*** show code wide. So we have to do a lot of refactoring and get rid of because again there's some security recommendations that we have to take which there's nothing we can do about it. But yeah, we'll try to clean it up and make it a framework once we're done. But probably today or tomorrow I'm just going to do another deployment just to do a recording just to see it booting up loading the local models making the decision choosing providers etc etc. We even have a bridge functionality on there as well where it takes it from the liquidity pool from Salana and pays for the providers which is kind of tight.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. I thought Anneil had his hand up.

Germany Beal: I did talk to some of the providers and they said that they thought that was pretty neat having an agent just pay for it own light bill.  So yeah, I'd leave her

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and kneel.

Anil Murty: Hey Jer and I think Crypto Hey guys. So, yeah, thanks for submitting the proposal. I haven't read through it yet. my bad for not reading through it before this meeting, but it sounds pretty interesting. I'm going to definitely read through it. I just have I think two comments and one question or maybe two questions and one comment. the first is this a primarily geared towards improving deployments or making it easy to do deployments on Aash or is it a general purpose agent creation framework meaning people can come in and they can use this to spin up other agents for doing things whether parkashulture related or not related and if it's the second then what is the plan as far

Anil Murty: is what types of models are used and where does the agent get hosted. that's question number one. The second is a comment which is you mentioned Eliza OS. I think I saw it somewhere as Tyra was scrolling up and down. are you guys aware that there is already an integration and I think somebody had done this from I think some other team of Akash with Eliza OS.  there was a pull request a while back into the Eliza repository.

Anil Murty: So if you aren't aware something to look into and then I think third is I don't know if you watched or attended the Akash accelerate event the annual conference that we did second time this year this year there was a team called Levangi Labs that presented basically a prototype of a agent that is capable of

Anil Murty: taking natural language and creating a docker image and then an STL file for deployment on wash and then working with the managed wallets API that I mentioned before in fact was one of the first/ users of the Akash manage wallets API one of the first two three customers and that's a completely working prototype meaning you can actually go in and you can say I want to deploy MongoDB instance and it'll go look if there's  the Docker file available. If it's not available, it'll create one. It'll look if there's an SDL. If not, it'll create one and then it'll ask you if it looks good and then go ahead and deploy it for completely natural language waste. and then he also has plans to basically build an agentic framework. So, there's definitely a lot of overlap seems like between that and this. So, that's kind of point number three.


### 00:40:00

Anil Murty: And then fourth is I'm really curious about what you're talking about when you say confidential computing readiness because I've done a fairly good amount of work and a few others from our team as well. it's all written up in an ape it's lately down on the road map if you look at it the public 2025 road map. the biggest challenge we've had with trying to get that implemented has been around basically getting a kernel version that can support at a station on the hopper platforms. So we have been working with H we first tried it with H200s and those are not ready at all.

Anil Murty: and then now we've been working with H100s and we just can't get a kernel version that has all the drivers compiled correctly for us to be able to access the hardware and pull out certain statistics that are needed in order to do at astation. so that's been a bit of a challenge but we have a very clear road map in terms of what needs to happen before we can say that Akash supports confidential computing. So that's just the four points I want to make.

Crypto Bushi: Yeah, I can respond to some of that. so yes, we did see the Levani Labs. that was really cool. I watched the entire Kosh conference. and yes, I did see that the blockers on the TE. I saw that in the GitHub as so I was wondering how far along they were, but it sounds like they're still blocked. really I think it helps if you understand the approach we're taking. So we are taking the decentralized approach first. we're trying to build basically autonomous AI agents that can become fully ized or let's say progressively decentralized. So, we're trying to remove as many dependencies as possible. and so really with everything that we're working on, that's the main goal is how can we make the agent self-sufficient? How can we remove as many dependencies as possible? And so that answers some of the questions about the model hosting that we're choosing is local hosting right now.

Crypto Bushi: So we're actually just fetching the model from llama right now which I know llama is a centralized provider but the actual inference is happening inside the actual container on a cost right now. we could explore some other methodologies in the future to even reduce that dependency down but I know that I've also seen that a kosh for instance has a cost chat right which is arguably decentralized in a way.  So maybe there's a chance to where we could actually save some funds on the deployer side by, hitting that API endpoint instead of hosting the model ourselves. there's kind of a lot of different ways you could approach that and we're kind of leaving that up into the interpretation of the developer that wants to build within our framework. But really the original question was are you building a framework that is around deployments or are you building a framework around agents?

Crypto Bushi: I think maybe Germany has a different thought than I do, but I really think that this framework could be used for much more than just agents like what we're using it for. I really think in the end of the day that we're in a place where we could actually deploy decentralized permissionless runtime applications and we can build economic loops around those.  And so now we could actually develop applications that have runtime that are decentralized and they're durable and they can persist for a long time and do that permissionlessly. I think the closest iteration that we have to that right now is But smart contracts inherently have problems. They don't have runtime and they don't have a lot of complex compute.

Crypto Bushi: and so I think with something like a kosh and then meth something like the methodology that we are approaching it with you could actually have a situation where you have a whole new class of decentralized applications running that could also be crosschain too.  So maybe have you pair that with a smart contract on Ethereum for instance and then you have this AOS program that's running on its own and it's also now invoking the smart contract and doing certain things. And so I really think what we're working on could be extended much further than really what we're using it for.

Crypto Bushi: And so that's why we're so interested in turning this into a usable framework is not specifically for what we are building it for but specifically what other people can do with it. and that's what I'm most interested in to be honest. So to answer your question I would like to see the framework be more built in a way that just how AOS kind of gives you an empty container and says here's your canvas to create within.  I would like to do the same thing with the framework to where it's like, okay, here's your blank canvas that's durable, persistent and decentralized. as long as money comes into this wallet, then your application is going to continue to run and persist durably on the AOS network. So, you can figure out how you want to build that economic loop to fund that wallet. There's, million different ways. and then you can also build whatever you want within that container and it'll persist.  So I just think that is something very interesting.


### 00:45:00

Anil Murty: Got it. I don't fully understand all that, but I think what I take away is that you still have work to do to define the specifics and there's a lot of different paths you can take. Is that kind of what you're saying?

Crypto Bushi: Yeah, I mean I guess I'll have to just try to write some of this down. but I think our framework could be used for more than just our specific use cases is what I'm trying to say. I think that the AOS network, the way it works now paired with kind of our methodology of doing things could be used in a more decentralized way is what I'm trying to say.

Tyler Wright: Again, I would ask anybody from the community or anybody watching this later, just please drop in comments, questions with an open mind. I think that the team is going to put together some demos and share some of the next steps that they've been working on. So again, much appreciate you all coming asking questions joining the process.  Again, usually we have a SIG clients meeting every other month. and so maybe as time moves forward, we can have you speak more there, but certainly want to give you the platform because you did attend today. So much All continuing to move along. I believe that's all the active discussions that we wanted to talk about today.

Tyler Wright: Hey, does anyone else have any other discussions that have been talked about as sacred working group that they wanted to make sure people are aware of and are commenting on? All if not, then again, we're at the open discussion portion. We've gone through all the discussions in GitHub. we've gone through the project boards.  Just want to see if there's anything else that hasn't been discussed that anybody wants to discuss before we look ahead at some of the sixer working groups for the month of ember. All right. again, just as a reminder to everybody, you can go to the website.

Tyler Wright: obviously you can also go there's a calendar but from the calendar you can access what's going on for the month in September again there's a number of SIGs happening SIG the September 16th SIG support will be happening the next week I think there will be no SIGs or working groups next week besides SIG community just because of again scheduling but there will be a number of SIGs happening that following the week of September 15th as we get ready for the network upgrade. and a number of other efforts happening across marketing events and beyond. Again our next steering committee will be this month September 25th. so again just about 21 days away. and then we will not have the schedule.

Tyler Wright: please follow the GitHub and look in the steering committee folder to look at the schedule for the rest of the year. Again, there have been some changes made to the calendar because of holidays, etc. as we get into the busy season with a number of cheer one events and a number of other things happening. again, much appreciate some new folks getting involved and presenting their discussion, some old folks talking about next steps for the decentralized cloud foundation. and then updates across a number of different project Again, please get involved in discussions if you haven't already. Ask questions, give feedback. I know a lot of work has gone into the discussions and a lot of the work has been gone into, getting to this point and leveraging the Kosh network.

Tyler Wright: And again Germany Cryptobushy Nick it was great to meet you. Please feel free to reach out to me Tyler core team if you have any other questions. but looking forward to updates on your discussion and then some feedback from the community. This recording will be made available over the next couple of weeks. I think we're one recording behind just working with reweave. So again, the recording for the July 31st meeting will be made available soon, but the notes and the transcript are already available to Big shout out to George Pro for all the help that he provides in note takingaking and support there from the community. And again, much appreciate everyone showing up today. Thank you to all that participated. And we shall talk between meetings and see you all at some future SIGs and working groups. Appreciate everybody.


### 00:50:00

Germany Beal: You think everyone

Tyler Wright: You in the middle.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everybody.

Rodri R: You guys.

Nick Wagner: You

Cheng Wang: You next time.

Fenil: Ear


### Meeting ended after 00:52:42 👋


