## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #32

## Agenda

* Ecosystem and SDK 53 migration updates
* CLI and provider issue resolution
* Community and marketing initiatives
* University ambassador program and educational outreach
* Zealy program and contribution activities
* Q4 community growth proposal
* Digital Immortality Framework proposal
* Governance and operational proposals
* Upcoming SIGs and working group schedules

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, September 25, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Zeke Ezagui
* Scott Carruthers
* Cheng Wang
* Anil Murty
* Amanda Keay
* Adam Wozney
* Benjamin Berglund
* Germany Beal
* Rodri R
* Luna
* Nick Wagner
* AMerePotato
* C4M ETHRBOY
* CriptoRuim
* Crypto Bushi
* Fenil Modi
* Isaac Grooms
* Jannick Haus
* Jigar Patel
* Joshua Meyer
* Kenny R
* Tobi Oluwadeko
* William Nilsson

---

## Meeting Notes

### Ecosystem and SDK 53 Migration Updates

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting, highlighting it as a consolidation of all SIGs and working groups across the Akash ecosystem.
* The main focus was the Cosmos SDK 53 network upgrade. Both core engineering and client product teams are heavily engaged in preparation.
* The upgrade will involve approximately three hours of downtime, during which existing deployments will continue but new deployments will pause.
* Community insiders have been testing and reporting minor bugs that the core engineering team is resolving.
* The JWT feature is being developed to enable real-time monitoring of open deployments during the upgrade.
* Project boards in GitHub will track milestone progress for both client and core teams.
* Tyler reminded participants that updates will be announced once the provider release is stable and the final network upgrade date is confirmed.

---

### CLI and Provider Issue Resolution

* Germany Beal raised a question about a CLI and AkashJS [manifest](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/371) submission issue.
* Zeke Ezagui clarified that fixing the CLI bug is a top engineering priority and a patch is expected within 24 hours.
* Providers will receive advance notifications before any required upgrades.
* Tyler noted that Scott Carruthers and the core team will provide follow-up announcements in Discord once fixes are deployed.

---

### Community and Marketing Initiatives

* Tyler shared that the burn‚Äìmint equilibrium proposal by Greg has been opened for community feedback on GitHub.
* The Austin-based DeAI initiative was highlighted as an ongoing effort to foster collaboration among AI and decentralization enthusiasts through coworking and education events.
* Amanda Keay detailed recent and upcoming ecosystem activations:

  * **Token 2049 (Singapore):** Large interactive booth featuring a ‚ÄúCrystal Ball‚Äù AI chat built by Luna, giveaways, and live panels with Greg and Adam.
  * **PyTorch Conference (San Francisco):** Targeting founders and tech startups.
  * **SmartCon NYC:** Replaces Ray Summit for better cost efficiency and outreach potential.
  * **San Francisco Tech Week:** Coworking day led by Shelby to connect with developers and founders.
  * **Austin Hackathon:** October event centered on decentralized AI and open-source collaboration.
  * **NeurIPS (San Diego):** Scaled-down presence with side activations for students and researchers.
* Tyler confirmed that Q3‚ÄìQ4 transparency reports for the community growth and marketing proposal will be published soon, with confidential partner details withheld but overall KPIs shared publicly.

---

### University Ambassador Program and Educational Outreach

* Cheng Wang introduced the pilot University Ambassador Program.
* The program will begin with top-tier universities including the University of Texas, USC, Cornell, and Princeton.
* Each university will have two ambassadors to promote Akash within blockchain, AI, and computer science clubs.
* Tyler noted that this program connects to the Akash Insiders funnel, providing a path for students to transition into contributors and developers within the Akash ecosystem.

---

### Zealy Program and Contribution Activities

* Benjamin Berglund [reported progress](https://github.com/piber-dev/zealy-prop/blob/main/Q3-report.md) on the Zealy ‚ÄúLearn and Earn‚Äù program.
* The Q3 relaunch was successful, with no downtime and fast payments coordinated by Rodri.
* For Q4, the team plans to:

  * Integrate the AkashVPN platform into Zealy learning challenges.
  * Host a game client/server demo contest in collaboration with Akash Insiders.
  * Adjust the budget to reduce reward allocations and increase the miscellaneous fund for better flexibility.
* A GitHub discussion and new proposal will go live within two weeks to gather feedback.

---

### Q4 Community Growth Proposal

* Adam Wozney summarized the [Q4 Community Support and Ecosystem Growth Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1033).
* Feedback from the community has been positive overall, with some budgetary refinements suggested.
* The Regional Leads Program will begin with a single pilot lead to validate the framework before scaling.
* Adam will publish an updated version of the proposal with reduced budget and revised milestones.

---

### Digital Immortality Framework Proposal

* Germany Beal provided updates on the [Digital Immortality Framework proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1011).
* His team has engaged multiple validators and potential providers, including hedge funds interested in leveraging the framework built on AO.
* A demo video will be shared shortly to visualize the project‚Äôs structure and flow.
* The proposal may move on-chain soon, and community members are encouraged to review and comment once the demo is public.

---

### Governance and Operational Proposals

* Tyler reiterated that the Decentralized Cloud Foundation Operational Expenses proposal is nearing completion.
* Scott Carruthers, Chang, and others have finalized revisions; the proposal is expected to go on-chain within a few days.
* Community members with voting power were reminded to review and participate once it is live.

---

### Upcoming SIGs and Working Group Schedules

* SIG Economics scheduled for the following week.
* Website Working Group rescheduled to next week due to scheduling conflicts.
* SIG Analytics quarterly session to include updates from Blockworks and Chakra Labs on indexing and analytics progress.
* SIG Clients bi-monthly meeting planned for late October.
* Tyler closed the session by thanking contributors for their ongoing participation and encouraged the community to continue engaging via GitHub discussions and Discord.

---

## Action Items

* Core team to complete CLI manifest bug fix and announce the provider release.
* Continue SDK 53 migration preparation and finalize network upgrade timeline.
* Community and marketing teams to publish Q3‚ÄìQ4 transparency reports and update the event calendar.
* Add the University Ambassador Program to the Community Marketing board.
* Zealy team to open Q4 proposal discussion and finalize new integrations.
* Adam Wozney to update the community growth proposal with the revised regional lead plan.
* Germany Beal to release the Digital Immortality demo video and collect public feedback.
* Scott Carruthers and Cheng to submit the [Decentralized Cloud Foundation operational expenses proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/10130 on-chain.
* Community members to engage in upcoming SIGs, Hacktoberfest contribution drive, and open discussions.

---

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the Akash Network Steering Committee monthly meeting. It is Thursday, September 25th, 2025. The AOS network steering committee is a culmination of all the special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month in the Akash network ecosystem. Again, the AOS network is an open source project where any and all can contribute. and so there are a number of special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month. Steering committee as a culmination has a specific agenda which we will go through here today. As we always do, if there's any items that anybody wants to make sure get discussed, feel free to add them.

Tyler Wright: you can track everything inside of the community repo where all the meeting notes for all the specific special interest groups and working groups live. you can see notes, transcripts, recordings, and stay up todate these future meetings as well.  Starting with our typical agenda, just want to see if there's any thing that anybody wants to review, discuss or address in terms of kosh community feedback, grievances or conflicts that anybody wants to make sure I get addressed at the time. All right. jumping right in to project boards.

Tyler Wright: there's been a number of items discussed across SIG clients, SIG providers, SIG support over the last month. pardon to anybody, this is repetitive for but the major item that's going on across core and client product engineering is preparations for the Cosmos SDK 53 migration. there are again a number of tasks across core.  I know some folks from that team are heads down right now and have conflicts are not able to make it. But there's a number of tasks that are happening as the core engineering team gets ready for The network upgrade timing will be pushed back. I think it's originally for September 30th. The core engineering team and client teams are really working around the clock to get things in order.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of insiders that have also been testing have found a couple of small bugs that again the core engineering team is working on.  There are some project boards that I will link in the chat and will be available in the notes for core engineering efforts focused on the console or excuse me Cosmos SDK 53 migration as well as there's a number of items that the client engineering team is working on that again you can track all the major updates across client engineering efforts

Tyler Wright: as they prepare for the Kasos SDK 53 migration. So this is again the network upgrade which will be highly publicized. there are a number of moving parts again a date will be made available to the community soon. and then we'll start to countdown to the date go through the typical process of putting a proposal online after everything's kind of worked out. and then there'll be a network upgrade time.  believe at this point we've talked about this in SIG chain there is around a threehour estimated period where the network upgrade will be happening where again the network will be down not available for deployments that are still active will continue to run but the network will be continuing will be upgrading at that time and so the core engineering team has also been working on JWT functionality

Tyler Wright: which u makes it available for clients and other individuals to have open deployments kind of monitor those deployments during the network upgrade.  So the core engineering team has also been working on again a JWT implementation which was coming in I think it was provider release that happened last Friday. and some folks in the community found a couple of small bugs that are being worked out and I believe Zeke and the vessel core engineering team will make announcements in Discord and other channels when the provider release is ready for providers to upgrade to.

Tyler Wright: I know I've been talking a fair amount. I'm also going to drop in again a link to all the work around the Kos SDK 53 migration that the console team and client teams are going to be working on. So I know that again there's a number of items that are being touch It's really touching the entire stack. Anneil and the team put together a robust list of all the items that need to be done and are being worked on. Now the core engineering team is work working together and connecting on a daily basis to again work through as many of these items preparing for the network upgrade as possible so that a timeline can be determined.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: As I've previously mentioned, there's a number of moving parts with centralized exchanges, a number of clients that managed wallets, actively use console, have their own custom configurations and they have to do their own testing so that again they're ready post network upgrades. So there's a number of moving parts from the core team as well as the community centralized exchanges and beyond.  So all that's kind of being coordinated in the background and we'll make sure that folks here on the call and folks in the community are aware when the network upgrade is happening but it is the number one priority across core efforts happening right now. Anyone have any questions or anybody from the core team have anything that they want to add that I may have not covered or said correctly?

Tyler Wright: Again, the best way to track the work is by looking at these milestones. You'll see items moved from backlog to up next in progress and done over the next couple days, weeks as again both the client product team as well as the core engineering team get ready for a network upgrade. And believe we talked about some SID providers as it pertains to that provider release. again there will be announcements made by the core engineering team. as well as provider console will be outfitted. I think folks using provider console will be notified to upgrade the provider when the time is needed and that prior to the network upgrade. All right.

Tyler Wright: again, does anyone have anything specifically that they want to make sure gets brought up or discussed as it pertains to efforts from andor client product engineering which you can track again all the efforts happening across the road map on the project boards in Gub. Perfect. All right.  If anybody has any questions between meetings, again, feel free, to Go ahead, Germany.

Germany Beal: Germany's here. I think this already got answered I think in the six support or the AOSJS because there was an issue with the console or the CLI as well as the AOSJS where is we're unable to submit the manifest and I saw that the CLI one was pushed to backlog.  So I just wanted some clarity that if I use it or revert back to using the CLI in my application that I would be able to run it like business as usual and it would be able to send the manifest or that's still on the provider side. So I still have to blacklist out providers that doesn't allow me to upload the manifest file to them.

Tyler Wright: I think Scott's on the call.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: And if not, we can certainly take that offline, but I just want to say if you have a quick answer because I believe that issue go ahead, Zeke.

Zeke Ezagui: Hey Germany. so I'm not sure where you're seeing it as backlog. It's possible just as that issue is created, it automatically went to batlog. but I can confirm that this is basically top priority of the core team right now is fixing the CLI bug. we expect resolution today if not tomorrow.

Germany Beal: Sorry, I just realized I was still muted. Yeah, I see that I check. Okay, I think it just moved as All right, cool. That's perfect because I can't wait because right now it's been so annoying getting it to work.  But yeah, thank you so

Tyler Wright: Thank you, any other questions that anybody wants to make sure we discuss as it pertains to core and client? the only other thing I want to touch on before we jump into updates on the community and marketing side are I believe Greg put up a discussion and then put also an AAP around the burn mint equilibrium. we might talk about that a little bit later today, but please look at the AAP. I'll drop it in the chat. I think people have already got involved in the discussion.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: but just want to call that out as an item. that again we want to overclock was to put in front of the community. again the core and client games are very much head down the Cosmos SDK 53 migration network upgrade but just something that certainly want to distribute amongst the community start to have the community continue to think about give feedback on and push that forward.  All right. continuing along, I know again, some folks from the, community and marketing, may have some conflicts. there was a number of events that were previously on in progress, that are now, complete. you can kind of track those items.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's a DEI DAI space that is in Austin, Texas. that is a co-working space and community space to bring together developers, AI enthusiasts, folks that are really enthusiastic about decentralization and again create an environment for more folks to learn about Akos, deploy an AOS, contribute to the project, etc. a community member of the Overclock Labs team, a part-time member that's been helping out with some events and coordinating with Amanda Adam and others. helped run a DI back to school event with a number of folks from the University of Texas Blockchain Club as well as other students from the computer science department and there was a number of folks from the Austin area that also just joined. there's a small recap for that event.

Tyler Wright: and the idea is that these efforts will continue to happen with more consistency because there seems to be a large amount of folks in and around the Austin area whether they are AR startups again students in and around the University of Texas or otherwise there just seems to be a hot bed of folks thinking about decentralization AI etc in the Austin space and so there's a number of more events that will be added to this agenda and brought to life very soon.  Go ahead, Chang.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. the event was really cool and the broad strokes of this and sorry Tai if I'm jumping ahead here. Please chime in with a hand raise and slam me down if which is that this is part of a larger pilot initiative to build out a university ambassador program. the idea here is to engage with various top tier universities across the country in order to get Akos into blockchain clubs into AI clubs into computer labs and hopefully into the hands of those who are tinkering and all that stuff and we'll be building the next generation of applications and businesses and get aos first and foremost early into the developer life cycle and so this is what a part of that particular spearhead is going to be I

Cheng Wang: think a kickoff for this program is going to be sometime in A little bit late for the fall semester for those of you who remember what going to school was and so yeah, I think that that's where things are though. and then thus far we have, University of Texas. we're trying to get folks from USC, Cornell and maybe hopefully Princeton, we'll see in there as well.  So if we can get these topic universities, situated, the idea is to have two per campus or per university and continue to grow it from there and hopefully that'll kind of proliferate into a national network of really capable and hungry students that are going to contribute to Akos at the ground level and of course spread the good word of Akos among their peers as well.  That's all.

Tyler Wright: No, Chang, thank you, Chang. I think that's a great segue. again, there will be an item added to the community marketing initiatives board around the student ambassador program.  This is something that again is being coordinated and there's a clear funnel from again student ambassador program up into the Akash insiders when they metriculate out to that program and then again trying to get them to deploy contribute etc.  So there's a number of clear action items, KPIs, and a clear pipeline to kind of grow within the Akash ecosystem after college. But I'll make sure that gets added and we'll start to talk about that more regularly next meeting. Cool. we talked about this at SIG Design earlier today.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I know we're getting to the quarter point with the 2025 H2 community growth marketing proposal. as stipulated and as part of the proposal again there will be a quarterly kind of review going at the highest level about number of KPIs growth metrics etc. wins losses over the first quarter of this program. so please look out for and I'll make sure it's available and I'll make announcements made, but there will be some resources available soon for the community to kind of track as transparently as possible what's been going on across the community growth marketing efforts.

Tyler Wright: As we discussed in SIG design, there are some items that I think will be withheld from these public facing stuff specifically who some of the relationships are with in terms of key partners that help out with public relations and email marketing and some of those things. But if anybody from the community needs more detail that can be made available to them. but again the goal is to really be as transparent as possible about the efforts that have been going on across community growth marketing with that proposal. And so look out over the next week or so for updates in physical deliverables that will be added as comments to this specific task. And again, we'll have the SIG design meeting a little bit more regularly.

Tyler Wright: just if anybody has any questions but feel free to ask any questions or drop them in design channel and discord or in this specific task and we can continue to track those over next again rest of this quarter and then the rest of next quarter this proposal there's a number of other proposals that have passed on chain recently where again we're tracking a number of efforts I think there's a block works proposal that lives in core and again a number of other efforts where we can track development from the teams like Chakra Labs and all the work they're doing and then again the Blockworks team and all the work that they're doing. I know that later today I think we talked about this during SIG and working groups.

Tyler Wright: We'll get an update from Benjamin on the Zeli program which has been running and feeding folks into again the contributions program is also the Akash insiders I think for three quarters at this point and think he's looking forward to quarter 4 and beyond so I'll hand it over to him during the discussions portion but the next big event that's happening is token 2049 and again that's happening next week October 1st and

Tyler Wright: Second, I know there's a number of folks from the community as well as the core team that will be there in person. I believe Greg has a number of speaking opportunities both there live and with press that he's going to be recording. I think Adam WNY is going to be speaking on a number of panels talking about the Akos community. there will be a shout out to Dennis and really all those behind design that have been working on again a really lively booth.  I think Amanda's talked about in great detail during the working group for events. so you can look at those recordings and see a number of mockups, but believe there's a number of programming. so look out on the X account. There's going to probably be a Twitter or X spaces live from token 2049. So I'm sure there'll be a number of images that'll be made available. Amanda's Cool. Sorry Amanda, take your thunder.

Tyler Wright: Amanda, feel free to jump in and talk about Hopkin 249 because again, you've been putting a lot of work into it and then any of the up other upcoming events that you think are worth talking about with the community.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, I mean you nailed it,‚Ä¶

Amanda Keay: We're going to be really busy at Token 249. I did share a lot with the insider call and events calls recently, but our booth is really big.  We have a lot of activations this year for people to get involved and to do things at our booth. Shout out to Luna who created a crystal ball chat what is it called? a voicetooice god a voicetovoice kosh chat API. So you can talk to the crystal ball just like you would chat with chatbt or any of the open source models on AOS. So it's actually going to be sourcing really excited about that.

Amanda Keay: We're going to get some great photos. We have a lot of ads that are on at the booth as well as interactive quizzes and giveaways and fun merch and So really excited about that conference. We'll be there until the third or fourth. Some of us are leaving. following token we have a couple weeks later our team will be back in San Francisco for PyTorch. That's another conference. we're going to be targeting tech startups and founders mostly in that activation. Greg will have a talk. We're going to be sponsoring that. We have a booth and we're doing a side event with a cool founders bay club in San Francisco. So excited to rub shoulders with startups there and get them using Akos.


### 00:20:00

Amanda Keay: after PyTorch I don't know if you're the one sharing your screen but we did have Ray Summit on as you can see there as one of our potentials. we've changed slightly that's going to be instead we're going to be in New York City for SmartCon that week.  Greg has an opportunity to speak there as opposed to Ray Summit. the cost of sponsorship and certain other things that I look for in sponsoring an event just weren't coming through with Ray Summit. So, we're going to use the money elsewhere and spend a lot less. So, I think it's going to be better and more productive for the team and for meeting and connecting with folks.

Amanda Keay: we also have a number of co-working days, as Tyler mentioned and Chang Shelby is going to be doing one during San Francisco Tech Week. So, we're excited to meet people there and, provide a space where people can connect with the Akos team and learn about Akos while also just co-working and meeting the community.  So, we're going to do that as well as a hackathon in Austin in October that's going to be in part at our decentralized AI space. so, that's something that we're really looking forward to as well as owning the open source track for that hackathon as well. So, CubeCon is not happening. and then the next one is going to be Nurips.

Amanda Keay: I've spoken with a couple members of our team. We are considering scaling down that conference as well and doing u more of a side multi-day activation that will I think be more beneficial. obviously save a little bit of money but I think be just as worthwhile as if we had a booth and a main sponsorship in the event. a little bit more casual setting for students. so excited to be working on that with a couple key integration partners like Plurales Research and Jensen.  So, excited to meet members of the community and be present in San Diego in December. But I think that's it for now. Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. I'll make sure that again we update the community marketing initiatives with some things that have been taken off to discuss over the last month at the events and then add anything that needs to be added.

Amanda Keay: I'll send over which ones we're exactly going to so you can update that.

Tyler Wright: All right. I think we also talked about it a little bit during the Akash Insiders call and again for anybody that wants to join the AOS insiders program there's a blog written by Adam on what the Akash insiders program is some of the subprograms inside the insiders program and then how to apply but again there is another effort being worked on by Akos insider a hackathon that's

Tyler Wright: through some of the contributions program for Akos network and Hacktoberfest 2025. This is a virtual hackathon.  I think there's a number of tracks for folks that wanted to deploy as well as those for folks that want to contribute to documentation and also Akos but that's been led by insider Fennel who again joins a number of sign working group calls talked about this put together a proposal in sick community and is really been working hard to kind of manage this believe that's starting at the end of this month September 30th and again is a virtual

Tyler Wright: hackathon going through October 30th. but there will be more details made available in Discord and elsewhere. I don't know if there's anything specific that you want to add that maybe I didn't call out, but feel free to jump in if you can.

Fenil Modi: Yeah it's not a hangon it's more like a contribution program it's for whole month a contri are looking for repos that can contribute so this time we are participating as doing actual work

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much. Anything else on the community and marketing initiative side? anybody wants to discuss?


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: one other thing that I forgot to want I forgot to call out because again the focus has been very much around the cost of SDK 53 migration, but it's been very important to call out because there's been a lot of work done is I know that the console team has been working extensively and they talked about the SIG clients on a new onboarding flow for users. I know that onboarding flow is currently being tested internally and I'm sure over the next few weeks slashmon there will be some further announcements and I'm sure some other folks testing or just general release.

Tyler Wright: So I just want to call out all the work and again this has been discussed at state clients but very close to some improvements that the client and product team have been working on as pertains to onboarding flow for console and then again after the network upgrade I know there will be some continued work on that as tips program is underway etc  But just want to call out that work and just look out for announcements across the blog etc.

Germany Beal: Yeah, just before we got done, you just said we're going to probably move topics and I kind of came in late so I didn't get the whole entire agenda. I just had a question in regards to some of the community u proposals that were been made I guess for the grants.  Is that next on the agenda or should I just nest it under this

Tyler Wright: We'll talk about that I'll move that to after the discussions portion and we can spend some time there. Is it active grants or just for some of the discussions like you were talking about last month or‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: earlier this month rather?

Germany Beal: Some of the Yeah.

Germany Beal: Some of the discussions that we were talking about

Tyler Wright: Yeah, perfect. I'll make some time. we're going to move into that section directly after this Anything else across community, client and product engineering or core engineering that anybody wants to make sure gets discussed across active projects up next and All right. if not then again we can jump into the discussions portion.

Tyler Wright: I know that Adam has been talking about a discussion during SIG community and a number of other calls. So I'm not sure if you want to discuss the Q4 2025 ecosystem growth and community proposal. and then I know that again Benjamin wants to do some followup about the working group for Zeli that is active right now.  So I want to give it some time and I believe Germany wants to do a followup of their proposal around the digital immortality framework. So we'll go in that order. Adam, do you have anything that you want to make sure steering committee or the community touches on as it pertains to the proposal that you put up for discussion and they've been talking about in S community?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I'll just briefly cover it. So, about a week ago, I put up a Q4 community support and ecosystem growth proposal. Basically kind of lists out all the things that we've been doing over the past couple years within the community from technical support to community events and a handful of new items. overall the feedback from the community was glowing. You can go into GitHub and review it.  But there were some good points made in regards to certain items within the budget that I think we'll be adjusting. The biggest one is the regional leads program which is really focused on scaling the community. so initially was for getting five regional leads starting this coming quarter because it's still an unproven program I think we're going to start out with one lead which will rapidly release the budget this coming quarter which will be a good thing.

Adam Wozney: we can kind of see how things go over this upcoming quarter with one regional lead and then if successful we'll hopefully be able to onboard a few more and really scale up this community and pour some gasoline on the fire. So that's really the big thing. So I'm going to be updating the GitHub crypto portal with an updated budget. They'll be vastly reduced which is beneficial for everything and we'll see how it goes at the end of the quarter. So that's kind of the big update on the growth proposal side.

Adam Wozney: Any questions?

Tyler Wright: Thank you,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: I don't know if it was just me. Adam usually doesn't sound like he's talking with a retainer, but I caught 99% of that. So, I think we're getting a good place.

Adam Wozney: It's messy my earbuds. I apologize. If you have any question,‚Ä¶


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: No, no.

Adam Wozney: if you have any questions, just ask PA.

Tyler Wright: or feel free to again drop any additional questions in the discussion that again has put forth in GitHub. But thank you next up I'm going to hand it over to Benjamin who again has been working on the Zeli program for at least a year at this point. but I think we're moving into next phases.

Tyler Wright: So, Benjamin, feel free to spend a minute catching people up on the Zela program and talking about what's potentially

Benjamin Berglund: Thank you, I'm going to send a link in the chat. Could you open that one instead? Since Q3 is not fully over, we haven't published a report fully yet, but proper GitHub discussion is coming very soon. All right. for those who don't know the Cela program was initially created to be a learn and earn program where the goal was that users could get started on their aos journey earning some AKT and learning how to use the network as a tenant as a provider etc.

Benjamin Berglund: for Q3 the program was restarted and it has been active for I think about two and a half months by now and hopefully it will run for quite some time. For Q3 the program has been running smoothly which was the main goal from us.  We wanted to make sure that there was no downtime this time around which we successfully were able to do. all payments have been coming out very fast thanks to Rodri.

Benjamin Berglund: And a few other notable points is that we have been trying to create some other interesting selling points for the program such as we got an AOS insider to create a game client and game server demo that we're going to have a contest with in the next quarter. everything here is linked on the page that Tyler is on right now. we have also been contributing a lot to the contributions program and we want to scale that up for Q4 as well. We have been developing a platform that we want to help integrate the AkosVPN in.

Benjamin Berglund: So, we're hoping to run our own contributions program calls like a group inside of that where we make a finished product for AkosVPN. we also want to change a few other things for Q4 such as increasing the miscellaneous budget because we quickly run into the problem that we have a lot of miscellaneous things that we want to do and we didn't want to just use rewards budget for that. So we had to really consider how we wanted to spend it.

Benjamin Berglund: So, we're going to lessen the rewards budget and higher the miscellaneous budget. The GitHub discussion will probably come out within a week or two and then it will be active for approximately two weeks and then we're going to create a new proposal. Is there any feedback or does anyone have any questions?

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, when that new updated discussion is made live on GitHub, please participate. I know a lot of folks have come Zeely through their kind of community and again through the kind of experience he's had there, join insiders again, contributed directly to a number of items across the ecosystem.  So we want to continue to scale those efforts as the community continues to grow.

Tyler Wright: There's a number of new frameworks whether it be the students program, the contributions program, ZLE and it's all feeding into the community apparatus with the goal of again getting more people to contribute to the project the open source project and again build features faster and find new folks that can help build faster andor find folks that want to use the Akash network for their businesses or personal use and continue to grow deployments on the


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: network. So appreciate Benjamin for leading this effort and obviously Rodri for the support. These are two again akash insiders that have been around to the community for a number of years and have continued to contribute and lead this program. any questions there before we continue on?  All right. next up, again, I want to kick it back over to Germany, the, team behind, this proposal. we gave them a little bit time, at the beginning of the month at the last steering committee, to talk about their project. I believe they made updates to the proposal since then.

Tyler Wright: I do ask again for folks that this proposal, have questions about this proposal, please get involved in the conversation so that the team can get some feedback and continue to figure out what next steps are, what needs to be refined, what needs to change, if anything before they want to put on chain.  But I'll hand it over to Germany to see if there's any followup that you all have since last month or anything else you specifically want to share and then open up to anybody here that may have questions.

Germany Beal: Thank you so much. And yeah, I mean, we've been in the trenches reaching out to as many validators. So far, we talked to a few of the top we talked to a couple of top 10 validators, which is good and they're on board. It just, kind of understand the proper flow because we want to make sure that we're aligned as much to success or to success as we can be.  And we did have some I can't really go too much into these things, but we did have some important breakthroughs this week in terms of potential providers as well as some hedge funds that might want to use some of the framework that we already built and that's still going to be leveraging AO. So, we're super excited for that. again, I just really hope that everyone please take the time to read this proposal.

Germany Beal: We are going to be shipping out the demo video today, probably in the next 30 minutes, 20 minutes to show you guys how it looks. We had a couple bugs. So, I even clarified if you see a different DSCQ number then just ignore that, but you'll see the flow as well as I believe you might even just launch the project or do the proposal because f*** why not? just so we can just get it out the door and just see where things stand and how we'll continue to build for the future. So yeah, I'm also really excited for the future opportunities of hedge funds using some of the Nir stack for what they're trying to do and building on top. I think that will again help incentivize what Akash is trying to do which is bring in more revenue to the providers and keep hardening the system and creating that use case.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Germany. I do think a demo would go a long way as a next step. and again, once that demo is live, please folks on this call, Aash Insiders, we'll make sure that this is continue to get distributed because I know a lot of time and effort has gone into putting updating this proposal.  So I want to make sure that the Kosh network community is responding publicly to the proposal, giving you feedback, and then we can continue to push forward from there. So much appreciate you taking the time to write the proposal, update things, and really looking forward to that demo. and then again, we'll distribute it and make sure that folks can give their feedback over the next seven days or so.

Germany Beal: Sweet. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Anyone have any initial thing about this proposal they want to discuss now? again, I would also ask that we put all kind of ideas and thoughts in the comments so that folks that maybe aren't on this call or folks that maybe want to get involved later can have some context outside of this meeting recording about again some of the things going on.  And I'll make sure that the me meeting recording from last meeting is also added there as a reference point for you all so that people can have that as a resource. All right.

Tyler Wright: one other last item that we've talked about during steering committee is al and as well as sig economics over the last couple of months is the decentralized cloud foundation operational expenses. Again this is something that Scott Huittson Chang and others have been working on and just this evolution of again u cash network and just a growth of and separation of the business. this is something that's been discussed a great deal. gotten a bunch of feedback from folks in the community. and at the point where this is going to go on chain to go for the next couple of days. so again, if anybody has any last minute questions, thoughts, feel free to drop them in there before this goes on chain. We're supposed to go on chain earlier this week, but again will go on chain I believe over the next couple of days. So look out for that.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: And if you have the ability to vote, please vote. Any questions on the decentralized cloud foundation operational expenses? All right. does anyone else have any discussions that had been talked about during a special interest group or working group that they want to spend some time on here today? All right. If not, then we'll move to the next agenda item.

Tyler Wright: just want to see if there's anything that anybody had in discussions that we haven't discussed yet as a part of our open discussion section. All right. If not then again looking ahead you can always use the source of truth on the acost network website for all things SIGs and working groups. again there's a number of items happening today and the schedule will get updated. We have SIG economics happening next week. Working group for the website was moved from this week to next week because a number of folks that are actively often there could not make it. but again there's just a whole range of items that are happening. The SIG Analytics is a group that meets every quarter.

Tyler Wright: but I'm sure we'll get updates from Block Works as well as the Chakra team to see how things are tracking along their initiatives with indexing and analytics. so we'll talk about that again that happens I think every quarter and we're at that time where we'll get some updates there. Stick clients also a bimonthly meeting will be happening at the end of October.  So I know there's a number of events that Amanda has talked about. number of SIGs and working groups happening this month. A lot of activity happening in the ecosystem. so again look out for updates. We have a network upgrade happening sometime soon. as well and there will be updates on specific timing made available. as I mentioned there's a lot of work going on with continuing to improve the onboarding experience for users of console. and so look out for again updates there.

Tyler Wright: testing that general release and potentially a blog to go with it. So I know there's a lot going on across the community with teams in the community as well as the core engineering team and core product and just again the overclock labs team as a whole. so please if you are looking for ways to get involved reach out to Adam myself air potato and the contributions program any insider if you again have some technical resources and to cont you can contribute through documentation you can look at open issues and support repo and feel free to just continue to track a number of efforts happening as again the core team gets ready for the cosmos

Tyler Wright: That's the K53 migration and steps that are happening prior to that, including provider releases and beyond. Anybody have any else they want to make sure we discuss before we end the call? I know again we're ending a little bit earlier than we normally do, but oftent times we've gone long, so the balance is all right sometimes. Anything else anybody wants to discuss?  If not then again much looking forward to seeing everybody at SIG and working groups in the next month. please get involved in the open discussions. Please give those teams feedback. give them your thoughts so they can continue to push forward their ideas. and again much appreciate everyone's participation, all the hard work across the community. Really looking forward to all the events and all everything that's happening over next month and beyond.

Cheng Wang: Stay strong everyone.

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Again, thank you everyone for everything and thank you to those that will be listening and watching this recording later. Hope everyone has a great day. Talk soon. Bye-bye.


### 00:45:00

Rodri R: Thank you guys.

Benjamin Berglund: Thank you guys.

Rodri R: Have a nice day. Bye.

Germany Beal: Bye everyone.

C4M ETHRBOY: And did we get fried?


### Meeting ended after 00:47:41 üëã


