## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #33

## Agenda

* Welcome and overview of the meeting purpose and agenda
* Review of previous meeting notes and proposal updates
* Core engineering updates, including the recent network upgrade
* Client, product, and engineering progress updates
* Community and marketing initiatives
* Review of proposals, discussions, and upcoming SIG activities
* Open floor for additional comments and announcements


## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, October 30, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Zeke Ezagui
* Scott Carruthers
* Cheng Wang
* Anil Murty
* Adam Wozney
* Deathless
* Rodri R
* Luna
* Fenil Modi
* Isaac Grooms
* Jannick Haus
* Joshua Meyer
* Kenny R
* Ifeoluwa Sanni


## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Overview

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting, welcoming attendees and reaffirming the purpose of maintaining transparency across the Akash ecosystem.
* He noted that some participants from the core engineering team were unavailable due to the Mainnet 14 upgrade earlier in the week.
* Links to previous meeting notes and recordings were shared for reference.

---

### Core Engineering Updates

* The Cosmos SDK 53 migration was successfully completed as part of the Mainnet 14 upgrade on October 28, 2025.
* The upgrade took around two and a half hours, resolving memory-related issues and improving validator performance.
* Validators experienced better coordination and timing across time zones, with enhanced communication during the upgrade.
* The upgrade also implemented multiple depositors for deployments via the OC module, enabling improved onboarding and flexibility.
* The core engineering team and community contributors were commended for months of testing and collaboration leading up to the upgrade.
* With the upgrade complete, new focus areas include:

  * Virtual machine (VM) support
  * Advancing discussions around BME implementation
  * Upgrades to the Akash Terraform provider led by Luna
* The engineering team is taking short rest periods after weeks of 18â€“20-hour workdays before resuming post-upgrade roadmap execution.

---

### Client, Product, and Engineering Updates

* The SIG Clients meeting, originally scheduled for this week, was postponed to the following week due to the network upgrade.
* Next meeting discussions will include:

  * Console updates and post-upgrade changes
  * Chain SDK improvements following Mainnet 14
* Community members are encouraged to attend SIG Clients meetings for deeper insight into ongoing product and engineering developments.
* Project milestones and updates are regularly maintained and available for tracking via the console repository.

---

### Community and Marketing Initiatives

* Tyler transitioned to community updates and invited Fenil Modi to share Hacktoberfest progress.
* Fenil reported that Akashâ€™s section of Hacktoberfest was extended by one week following community requests.
* Over forty contributions were received across Akash repositories, with a detailed report on learnings and recommendations to follow.
* Appreciation was extended to core members and insiders who assisted contributors by reviewing PRs and providing mentorship.
* Tyler highlighted Akashâ€™s recent participation in global events, including Token 2049 (Singapore), PyTorch Conference (San Francisco), and Austin Tech Week AI Hackathon.
* The growth and core teams are following up with contacts and potential partnerships generated from these events.

---

### Proposal and Discussion Review

* Proposal 293, centered on community growth and marketing, was discussed.
* A report will soon be attached to the proposal summarizing recent events and marketing updates.
* The next SIG Design meeting in November will focus on community growth initiatives and design-oriented collaboration.
* Project boards will be fully updated by early next week to reflect current progress.
* Tyler mentioned a need for community members with video editing skills to assist with content creation for social media.
* Members were encouraged to vote on the revised Zealy Q4 proposal, which has an updated and reduced budget following community feedback.

---

### Open Discussions

* Tyler encouraged feedback on proposals and discussions in public channels to strengthen transparency and collaboration.
* Cheng Wang shared that, following the SDK 53 upgrade, Akashâ€™s development speed will significantly increase.

  * The upgrade enables faster iteration, smaller feature releases, and expedited proposal implementation.
  * Over the next year, the networkâ€™s roadmap execution pace will be much higher than before.
* Tyler agreed, emphasizing that the Mainnet 14 upgrade unlocks faster and more efficient collaboration across all Akash teams.

---

### Announcements and Closing Remarks

* Akash has secured the new X (Twitter) handle @akashnet, replacing the previous @akashnet_. Community members were asked to report outdated references.
* The Akash community calendar on the Akash Network website lists all upcoming SIG and working group meetings.
* Upcoming sessions include:

  * SIG Economics, which will explore the potential migration off the Cosmos ecosystem
  * SIG Docs, focused on updating documentation to reflect Mainnet 14 changes
* Contributions to documentation and broader participation in SIGs are encouraged to strengthen community collaboration.
* Tyler closed the meeting by thanking everyone for their contributions to the network upgrade and expressing optimism for Akashâ€™s growth heading into 2026.

---

## Action Items

* Core engineering team to resume roadmap tasks after rest, focusing on VM support and Terraform provider upgrades
* Luna to continue work on the Terraform provider update for discussion at the next SIG Clients meeting
* Fenil Modi to release a detailed Hacktoberfest report with future recommendations
* Tyler Wright to ensure all project boards are updated within one week
* Community members to vote on the Zealy Q4 proposal and share feedback publicly
* Community and core teams to update assets referencing the new @akashnet handle
* Participants to monitor the Akash community calendar for upcoming SIG and working group sessions
* Teams to explore discussions and documentation improvements initiated after Mainnet 14

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to their car steering committee monthly meeting. is October 30th, 2025. U during the monthly steering committee meetings, the community comes together to talk about everything related to SIGs working groups and all things related to the Akash network. There is a agenda that we follow that I will drop in the chat for folks. as previously mentioned, we've just had a network upgrade this week. and so again, there's a number of folks across the community core engineering team, that have gotten together and have already expressed that they may not be able to make it today, but I just want to keep this meeting for transparency's sake.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to drop again a link into the chat for access to steering committee and past steering committees and then again we'll just jump right into the agenda. again everybody can follow along and track again the previous I believe that the last meeting from September there is a PR for it.  just need some notes. and again just waiting to get the video up. but if anybody wants to track the notes from last meeting again there was a number of great discussions around projects that have gone up proposal and I think many of those proposals have gone on chain and have been voted on. but again you can track all the previous meetings notes recordings and transcripts here in the community repo.

Tyler Wright: As we always do, we're going to start by reviewing, discussing, and addressing any community feedback, grievances, or conflict that anybody has. Just want to see if there's anybody here on the call that has any conflicts or grievances or anything else related to the community or the community structure that they want to talk about. All right.  If not then again the next item that we talk about is are these project boards again are transparent available to the public and relate to everything related to the blockchain items that the core team is working on that are again a cash network specific as well as efforts from community members that have received funds from the community pool.

Tyler Wright: Guess the best place to start is in core product and engineering efforts. as you can see one of the big items that has been checked off the list is the Cosmos SDK 53 migration.  So with the Kosh main 14 again the core engineering team with the assistance of many members of the community over a great deal of months of testing had a successful migration on Tuesday October 28th from SDK 47 to Cosmos SDK 53. The network upgrade took about two and a half hours.

Tyler Wright: number of validators again the network upgrade was so massive and there was number of memory issues so some folks had to upgrade from a snapshot but after about two hours again blocks were being produced again on chain the network was back up so big shout out to the core engineering team client team and again number of folks in the community in the Akos insiders and elsewhere that helped to do a significant amount of testing leading up to the network upgrade, this provided the core engineering team with a great deal of confidence. going into network upgrade time, again big shout out to all the validators as well. seems like the network upgrade time for 8 a.m. Central time is great for folks all over the world.

Tyler Wright: again because Akos is so decentralized the core team is always having to think about where validators are and validators being station being all over the world. It's oftentimes hard to shepherd those folks and bring those folks together. one win it seemed like from this last network upgrade of many was that again the timing seemed to work for everybody.  So a lot of the big validators are over in Asia, the folks on the west coast of United States and everywhere in between seem to all be able to get online around that time. So we had a great level of communication in the validators channel. and again the validator experience was much improved from previous upgrade So big shout out to all the validators there.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: but again that was a major item that was unblocked and unlocked with mainet 14. There were a couple of other items including the implementation of multiple depositors for a deployment via the OC module. again that has also been unlocked and tested.  So a lot of the items that have been talked about in the tips program and improved onboarding experience those things will start to go in effect over the next days and weeks again thanks to this Akash mainet 14 upgrade.

Tyler Wright: There are a number of other items that again needed to get done prior to network upgrading to including JWT implementation across u clients as well as the provider experience testing of RPC proxies for again console and number of other tools and again a number of these items have now been checked off and completed.  So big shout out to again the core team and everybody in the community in terms of what's next. again the core engineering team has really been working for 18 to 20 hours a day over the last two weeks at least and has really culminated this week with the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright: So core engineering team is taking a little bit of time just today to recharge but there are a number of items that are on the road map that are either up next VM support and some items that will be added to this board.  I know that the core engineering team is already thinking about potential implementation on Greg's discussion around BME but there's a number of items that are on the road map the core engineering team is going to be focusing on after again taking some time to recharge today.  One other item that will be discussed in SIG clients next week is the Akos Terraform provider. and I know that Luna has already started to do some preliminary work on the upgrade post mainet 14. and again there will be some further in-depth discussions around that at the SID clients meeting which will be happening next week.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions on anything core engineering related before we jump into updates on the client and product set? All right. again, as I just talked about SIG clients, this is by week by monthly meeting that happens as a part of the SIG and working group structure. it was supposed to be this week but has been moved to next week because of the During the SIG client's bimonthly meeting the client team as a part of the core team gives updates on all things related to console and a number of other efforts that the client team is working on.

Tyler Wright: I know that next week there will be a number of updates as it pertains to console and some of the changes that have been done post or pre-net network upgrade and now post network upgrade.  Again, big shout out to the client product and engineering team they had a number of priorities. Had to stop some of those priorities to make sure that all things were ready for the network upgrade and then again are going to start jumping back into a number of network upgrade related items over the next couple of days after that recharge from the network upgrade.  But that SIG clients meeting again you'll get some updates from the client team on some of the improvements from console over the last month or last couple of months some of the items that are next up on the road map which you can also track in the console repo.

Tyler Wright: again there's a number of milestones that get updated on a regular basis and you can track that some of the efforts and I know there will also be some conversation around the chain SDK which again has recently come out of the network upgrade. So if anybody has any more questions or anything that they want to talk about as it pertains to clients, please drop those in the SIG clients Discord channel. and then again we'll make sure to discuss those in great detail over at the sick clients meeting next month. But as mentioned there's just been a number of items that have been worked on and again have recently been merged and been completed as it pertains to supporting AOS made 14 and all the work there.

Tyler Wright: So I know over the next couple of days, weeks, this board will continue to get updated with items as they roll from again up next in progress into all the other stages through release. I just want to see again I would really urge anybody that really wants to dive more into what's going on across client product and engineering as well as console to join that sick clients bimonthly meeting.  But just want to see if there's anything that anybody want to ask about in terms of client product and engineering right now. All right. And again, I'll drop a link into the milestones so that folks can track milestones across console a number of other efforts from the client team.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: just so folks again leading up to the meeting next week can see all the things that are being worked on not just things that live on this board even though many of the things on this board are represented in milestones. All right. If there's nothing else on that front then I will jump into community and marketing initiatives. I know Fennel's on the call, so I'll hand it over to him to see if there's any updates on Akash Network, and the October Fest, the virtual hackathon, that Fennel's been managing and doing a great job of getting questions, getting a number of contributions.

Tyler Wright: but I do want to shout out and I know again they're recharging a little bit too, a number of folks from the core engineering or from the core team as well as the community that have shown up over the last couple of weeks both virtually and in person to a number of events that have happened over the last month. since again our last steering committee call, we've had token 2049 which Amanda went into great detail and provided images around what that installation looked like. in Singapore. this past week there was a large conference in San Francisco that a number of folks from the core team as well as the community were at for PyTorch around open source AI week. And so again there was a number of efforts, talks, connections made. I think the growth team and the core team are going through those connections, responding to people, emailing people.

Tyler Wright: So there will be a lot a followup from both K token 2049 as well as PyTorch. and then again there was a Austin Tech Week AI hackathon that some members of the Overclock labs team supported and some members of the insider community also supported online in Discord providing support to developers at that big shout out to those that provided support to the AI hackathon.

Tyler Wright: again a number of events all over the world from folks going to Singapore to Austin to San Francisco it's just again been a whirlwind month and I know folks are again taking some time to recharge if anybody has any questions about any of the events feel free to use a working group for the events 2025 channel as well as again start to join the monthly working group for the events where Amanda talks about past events

Tyler Wright: future events gets the opinion of folks in the community about events they've heard and opportunities for Akos to again be represented and connect with developers that want to use the aos network is there anything specific that you want to talk about as it pertains to Hacktoberfest I know you just talked about it a little bit on the insider call andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: during working group and sik community but just want to see if there's anything you want to highlight for this group

Fenil Modi: Yeah sure.

Fenil Modi: Actually the official October fest will be concluded by this but the AKA section of fest have been extended for the one more week as the participants of the AA sector fest requested.  So we are postponing our deadline to one more week and so right now we got 40 contribution on the arash different repositoryries. So this is really awesome thing that new contributors are coming and contributing on a report. So yeah that's the key learning for right now and I have some more learnings and more things that I have to say that I will sell in the detailed report.  So the next year how we can make this type of campaign more successful the specific for the aars

Tyler Wright: Thank you, I know again big shout out to a number of folks on the community side that have been looking testing a lot of those PRs that have come in from new contributions from the community, been giving folks guidance on how to get started. again, how to do various things within the Akash network ecosystem. so thank you to all the insiders core members that again have been supporting October Fest. All right. the only other item that I want to bring up is again proposal 293 which is the effort around community growth marketing.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Again, this kind of coincides with a lot of stuff that goes all into events and then taking again winnings and learnings and information from events and then turning into follow-up. there is a report that will be added to this task and issue very soon as well as there's a SIG design meeting that is coming up in November where folks can get more involved, ask questions.  There's a couple other projects that have reached out whether they're validators or individuals in the ecosystem or even teams in the ecosystem that want to get more involved on the growth side. I push them towards a sik design meeting as well as create discussions.

Tyler Wright: if anybody here knows anybody that wants to get more involved on the growth marketing side, feel free to have them join the next sik design call and look out for announcements in sik design because there's again some proposals and ideas suggestions coming from all sides of the planet. So please feel free to look out there.  I believe that some of these events that are on the current calendar may be updated in terms of timing or participation. but again, this board will be updated within the next seven days to reflect everything that's currently going on. I know there's been a couple of changes for the last 24 hours if not a little bit longer.

Tyler Wright: So again, this board and all the project boards will be up to date by early next week. Again, a number of items have been done just giving some folks on the core team as well as some folks in the community who normally are on this call some extra time to catch up on rest and get themselves back to 100%.  Are there any topics on the community and marketing side that anybody wants to discuss? Cool.

Tyler Wright: One thing I will echo, I know Adam mentioned it during an insiders call, but just for anybody here, there is a need for somebody in the Akos community that is proficient in video and video editing to help out with some small video editing projects, taking a lot of content that's already been, extracted from events and a number of other efforts and then again making it usable on

Tyler Wright: Twitter. if anybody here or anybody listening into this call later wants to look for a way to get more involved in the Kosh ecosystem, please again join Discord and reach out to Adam Core team for further information again feel free to if you're an insider ask the insiders channel or if you're not an insider join the insiders program and then learn more information All right. If there's nothing else on the project board side, then we'll move on into discussions. I believe that there haven't been that many discussions since we last met. There have been a couple of proposals that have gone on chain and have been voted on.

Tyler Wright: I urge as I always do please again one of the many amazing things about the Akash community is the participation. so I always ask people to leave their comments their feedback whether they're negative or positive in public channels so that folks can receive that feedback provide clarity or answers when necessary.  I know there's a couple of projects that were proposals on chain that were very forward about looking for feedback. and so again, as we continue to evolve as a project and as a Kosh network, I want to I will always urge people to provide their feedback in public channels because I know there's a lot of great feedback and a lot of feedback that again can lead to great conversation.

Tyler Wright: There's only one proposal that I believe is onchain right now. and they've talked about it at a number of different meetings and I don't believe they're on the call. but again, please if you have the ability to vote on the Zilly Q4 proposal. Think this is updated proposal from an effort that was on Jane and voted down a couple of weeks ago. I think the proposer knocked down the budget a little bit. because of the current ecosystem and times that again there's some feedback here. So if anybody has any additional feedback or thoughts or questions around this daily proposal please drop them in the discussion and then if you have the ability to vote please do so goes a long way.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Are there any other active discussions that have gone through SIGs and working group structure that anybody wants to ask any questions about or get any followup All right.  If not, then again, if there's other folks that have discussions or a couple of discussions or proposals in here, please leave feedback. If you talk to other people about some of these proposals and discussions, ask them to leave feedback in the discussion. and this will help drive, prioritization or urgency around some of these proposals based upon feedback. That's just one factor.

Tyler Wright: All If there's nothing else on the discussions front, then we're at the part of the agenda where we talk about open discussion. Just want to see if there's anything that hasn't been discussed that anybody wants to bring up right All If not, then again we can wrap this steering committee up a meeting a little early. As mentioned it was known that a number of folks that normally join these meetings were not going to be able to make it today from the community as well as from the core side just because of again the mainet 14 upgrade.

Tyler Wright: I thought it was still important to just keep this cadence. I'm going to see if there's anything that anybody want to discuss. We'll meet again at the end of next month in November and go from there. but go ahead Chang.

Cheng Wang: I just want to say yeah thank you shout out again everything you echoed and one thing I want to do that's more forwardlooking is with the mainet upgrade to SDK 53 version 53 completed it really opens up the door for a lot faster improvement going forward velocity on the core side is just going to be I think night and day absolutely in terms of what you've seen over the last 18 months versus what you'll see over the next 12 months a lot of the stuff that's been discussed from BME to VMs and other things we'll be able to really ship and iterate more quickly and probably smaller chunks as well with expedited proposals and a bunch of functionality that was added in the last upgrade. So definitely keep your eye on and if you're looking to build on the network right the iteration speed should be faster as well.

Cheng Wang: So from core team side of things, really looking forward to what that brings and look forward to really hitting those strides in our road map faster than we have ever before.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, before I let you all go, there's a couple of quick things to look forward to and just one announcement. I'll start with the announcement. interesting timing, but the same day as the mainet 14 upgrade, actually a net was able to secure the X handle without the underore. so now it says AOS net. the core team as well as number many members of the community have updated a number of assets but I'm asking if anybody here or anybody listening to this call later sees anywhere where there's still a net_ please just put a message in a public channel tag myself tag Adam and we'll look to get those things updated please just reach out to them directly and say hey you have the wrong Twitter or X address please use this one moving forward

Tyler Wright: so I just want to call that out to folks in the community and I'll do that in future calls. I think it's already been mentioned in Discord, but for folks listening in, please feel free to make sure correct people where you see fit. And then really the last item that I wanted to touch on is just as a reminder, the Akash community groups calendar lives on the OS network website.  So you can see in real time all the SIGS working group meetings as we look ahead. again we have SIG clients next month where we'll talk a little bit more detail around again console upgrades chain SDK a number of other items. We have the SIG economics meeting next week. we had a SIG economics call last week and it was a great call with a number of participants from the community.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: I believe that out of that call there is an intent to make a potential working group and at very least start a discussion around the exploring of potential of Akos moving off of Cosmos. Again, we're in the exploratory phases right now. It's something that Greg has been thinking about and put out a tweet I think three weeks ago. and I know a number of folks from the community have thoughts about staying or going. And so again, we want to make sure that all those thoughts are transparent. there's community participation in every step of the way. and so please feel free to join a sick economics call. if the time is, it may be next week, it may be just adjusted by a week because we just met.

Tyler Wright: but look out for a number of action items out of sick economics that may be again spun off into at least a working group call andor a discussion and we've talked about this today during SIG docs but there is a working group at the AOS website that also goes over documentation because the documentation lives at aos.networks. So anybody that's looking to get more involved in documentation feel free to join that weekly call.  I know there's some items that currently live on the console wiki that some folks want to make sure live on the docs and some other efforts across docs now that we're mainet 14 that need to be upgraded. So again, always looking for contributions and we'll figure out a way to get more people involved and get them participating even as things are u not as fluid as I once were with the contributions program.

Tyler Wright: But that's something that we still want to push forward on the doc side. There's a number of other SIGs and working groups that again anybody here can kind of track and get involved with. So I just urge you to again if you like these kind of topics AOS network is open source for a reason and we like participation from the community and we get a great deal of participation from the community.  So want to continue on with that and as more teams and individuals join the network, we want them to join these conversations, make their voices heard, talk about things that are important to them, etc. That's all I really have from an agenda item. Again, I've mentioned and Chang mentioned as well.  Big shout out to everybody in the Kosh community for all the effort that went into the Kosh mainet 14 upgrade this past Tuesday.

Tyler Wright: I hope everybody that's listening in later has gotten some much needed rest and is recharged because as Chang mentioned now that we're Akos mainet 14 the cases K53 is behind us there's a number of items on the road map that will the core team as well as the community is thinking about accelerating our speed of development.  So if you have ideas in the community, how to turn those ideas into discussions into onchain proposals please again make your voice heard in six and working groups or just in discord as the core team is working on a number of items and please look out for increased velocity across a number of different places in the ecosystem core client community efforts etc.

Tyler Wright: as we head into 2026. But Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and again, thank you to all those listening in later. Hope everyone's recharged and really excited for the next couple of months in 2026 and beyond. Thank you all. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:31:26 ðŸ‘‹


