## Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #34

## Agenda

* Welcome and year-end overview of the steering committee meeting
* Review of roadmap progress and completed AEPs
* Core engineering updates and upcoming protocol changes
* Client, console, and provider experience updates
* Community, marketing, and ecosystem initiatives
* Review of governance activity, proposals, and SIG participation
* Open floor for discussion and closing remarks


## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, December 4, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Artur Troian
* Cheng Wang
* Isaac Grooms
* Joe Deng
* Joao Luna
* Joshua Meyer
* Kenny R
* Rodri R
* Zeke Ezagui
* Ifeoluwa Sanni
* Fenil Modi
* Dimokus

## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Overview

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting, confirming it as the final steering committee session of the year due to the holiday schedule.
* He noted that the meeting schedule across SIGs and working groups has been adjusted in response to end-of-year travel and global events.
* Tyler reminded participants that all previous steering committee meetings are available through the Akash Network community repository.
* The group paused briefly to invite any community feedback or grievances before moving into project updates, with none raised.

---

### Roadmap Status and AEP Progress

* Tyler shared that multiple AEPs have been completed over the past several months.
* Some completed roadmap items are not currently visible on the Akash website due to ongoing website issues.
* The team confirmed that these items are completed and closed despite temporary visibility gaps.
* Participants were encouraged to monitor roadmap updates as website fixes are finalized.

---

### Client, Console, and Provider Experience Updates

* Ongoing client-side work includes improvements to master wallet functionality.
* Updates are being made to credit card auto-reload behavior across wallets.
* Multiple product and engineering initiatives remain in progress across the client roadmap.
* Console milestones and provider-related efforts are tracked through GitHub issues and milestone boards.
* A SIG Clients call is scheduled for later in the month to address detailed questions and updates.
* Community members were encouraged to submit questions through GitHub issues or SIG channels.

---

### Akash Chat API and Akash ML Transition

* Tyler announced that the Akash Chat API, previously funded by Overclock Labs, has been sunset.
* Users who relied on the Chat API were notified and provided credits to transition to Akash ML.
* The Akash ML service is positioned as the primary machine learning offering moving forward.
* The community ML discussion channel has been updated accordingly.

---

### Community Events and Outreach

* Tyler highlighted Akash Networkâ€™s presence at NeurIPS in San Diego as a major ecosystem outreach effort.
* Annil and Amanda were noted as representing Akash at the event and engaging with new users.
* The community should expect an influx of new members joining Discord and other channels following the conference.
* Further updates and learnings from the event will be shared in future working group meetings.

---

### Student Ambassador Program

* Tyler introduced a new Student Ambassador role within the Akash Discord community.
* The program is designed to engage computer science students and early-stage builders.
* The initial cohort focuses on institutions within the United States.
* Future cohorts are planned to expand globally.
* Student Ambassadors will help introduce Akash to startups currently using centralized cloud providers.
* A blog post detailing the program has been published on the Akash Network website.

---

### Governance, Zealy, and Community Contributions

* Tyler confirmed that a recent Zealy governance proposal has passed on-chain.
* Community contributors have been actively updating deployment templates in Awesome Akash.
* Feedback from new console users has informed improvements to deployment workflows.
* Tyler encouraged community members to participate openly in governance discussions via GitHub.
* Centralizing feedback in public discussions was emphasized to maintain a clear source of truth.

---

### Community Team Updates

* Joe Deng was introduced as a new Akash Community Manager.
* Joe will play a larger role in community coordination and SIG Community activities.
* Additional refinements to community programming are planned to increase network demand.

---

### Core Engineering Updates

* Tyler highlighted two successful network upgrades completed since the previous steering committee meeting.
* The network upgrade to Cosmos SDK 53 was executed with strong validator participation.
* Artur Troian provided an overview of upcoming core engineering initiatives.
* Smart contract support is being introduced to enable future protocol features.
* Initial smart contract usage will focus on implementing a price oracle.
* Integration with existing oracle providers is underway.
* Smart contract deployment will initially be restricted to governance proposals.
* A dedicated testnet will launch to validate smart contract behavior prior to mainnet deployment.

---

### Burn-Mint Equilibrium and Token Economics

* Artur outlined plans to introduce Burn-Mint Equilibrium following smart contract deployment.
* An incentivized testnet is planned to validate mint behavior changes.
* USDC will be removed from core settlement workflows as part of BME.
* Existing leases will transition to ACT-based settlement.
* User-held USDC remains transferable via IBC.
* Oracle pricing is required to ensure accurate conversion during migration.
* Mainnet deployment timing will depend on testnet results, with expectations set for early next year.

---

### Marketplace Expansion and Persistent Storage

* Artur discussed upcoming marketplace enhancements including virtual machine and bare-metal support.
* Internal discussions are ongoing to determine implementation order.
* Persistent volumes are planned to allow data to survive lease termination.
* This feature is particularly important for VM-based deployments.
* Initial limitations will prevent volume portability across providers, with future expansion planned.

---

### Documentation Improvements

* Tyler highlighted documentation improvements driven by the core engineering team and SIG Documentation.
* Community members have been actively testing documentation workflows.
* Structural gaps and usability issues were identified and addressed.
* Updated documentation is expected to go live shortly.
* Continued community contribution to documentation is encouraged.

---

### Community Strategy and Forward Planning

* Cheng Wang shared reflections on community strategy heading into the new year.
* Future initiatives will be more focused, refined, and aligned with direct network impact.
* The goal is to balance experimentation with high-confidence programs that benefit the network.
* This refinement aims to improve clarity, execution speed, and value delivery.

---

### Open Discussions and Closing Remarks

* Tyler encouraged community members to participate openly in governance discussions.
* Feedback and concerns should be shared publicly through GitHub and SIG channels.
* Upcoming SIG meetings include Chain, Community, Design, Clients, Economics, and Providers.
* Meeting times are being adjusted to improve global participation.

---

## Action Items

* Tyler Wright to coordinate restoration of roadmap visibility after Akash website updates
* Artur Troian and the core engineering team to launch the smart contract testnet and collect feedback
* Artur Troian to prepare and submit the governance proposal for the initial smart contract deployment
* Artur Troian and the core engineering team to run the incentivized Burn-Mint Equilibrium testnet
* Core engineering team to share timelines for VM, bare-metal, and persistent volume features
* Tyler Wright and SIG Documentation contributors to publish and promote updated documentation
* Joe Deng to support promotion of the Student Ambassador program across community channels
* Tyler Wright to guide consolidation of governance feedback within GitHub discussions
* Tyler Wright to communicate updated SIG schedules and testnet announcements

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, it's Thursday, December 4th, 2025. Welcome everybody to this steering committee monthly meeting. This meeting has been moved back because of holidays and a number of events that's happened over the last couple of weeks around the world. and with the holidays coming at the end of this year, this will be the last Akash network steering committee of 2025. again, this is the 12th of the year.

Tyler Wright: There will be the next steering committee after this will be 8th the first full week of January and we'll reconnect and I'm sure there'll be a number of updates that have happened but again with the meeting or with the holidays coming up the schedule has been truncated so I know a number of people are going to be traveling that last week or two of December so there's a

Tyler Wright: number of SIGs and working groups that are happening over the next couple of weeks. so again, please stay tuned to the schedule and make sure you're following what's going on and what a couple of meetings have been moved a number of times recently, but again the schedule is pretty set for now and again we will have those meetings as As we always do. again you can track all previous meetings at the link committee steering inside of the community repo the K network organization. we normally start off by addressing or reviewing any community feedback grievances or any concepts before we jump into project boards. Just see if there's anything anybody want to talk about before we jump into projects.

Tyler Wright: All right. Anneil who is usually a part of the steering committee at these meetings is currently representing the Akash network at Nurup's conference u as is Amanda. on the client side again I'll just run through a number of these items and then just make sure that people have the various links so that they can follow along track progress across a number of initiatives. There are a number of items that are on the road map that have been completed. I know that there's been some feedback that's come out of the working group website about roadmap items and their completion. Those items have been completed.

Tyler Wright: So there's a number of apes that are closed completed on the apes index but because of a small issue that is being addressed right now with their aash network website they are not being updated on the road map so look out for a number of items that have been completed over the last couple of months. I think there's been eight or nine apes that have been completed over the past five or six months. look for updates to the road map including a number of items that are happening across the client side. in addition to that you can track a number of items that are in progress right now across client efforts. so again multiple master wallets that's something that's continues to be ongoing.

Tyler Wright: there's a number of changes happening to the auto reload for credit card payments on the master wallets in general. I changes are coming for a number of products.  So please look out for updates to again the road map as well as his client product and engineering road mapap board for a number of items that the client team is working on.

Tyler Wright: In addition to that, you can also go to the console tab which I will share right now. and again inside the issues area there is a section related to milestones and you can see a number of milestones that are being worked on across a console and the deployment side the provider console and a number of other client related efforts.  There is a SIG clients call that'll be happening this month. So if anybody has any specific questions again feel free to drop them in a relevant issue or feel free to drop them in the sik clients channel as well.

Tyler Wright: One other item that is ongoing for the console side is I know there's been some efforts that Overclock Labs has been funding for a while related to Akos chat API offering that as a free service. that service has been sunset and the channel has been changed to aos ML and so folks that have previously use AOS chat API I believe have been contacted and given credits to use AOSM ML which is a service created by the OpenC labs team again there's a number of open issues that are being actively worked on you can see the severity of


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: some of these items and again feel free to u track PRs track a number of items that are upcoming for console both on the front end and behind the scenes for both the deployment and the provider experience. All continuing on and we'll just run through this very quickly because again Amanda is also boots on the ground in San Diego. Nurops is a tier one event where I think it's been around for I decades at this point where some of the best in machine learning and AI have been coming together. so again there's a number of new users that will most likely be coming into Discord.

Tyler Wright: for folks that are Akos insiders are part of the Akos community here listening in please feel free to push folks in various's direction and provide a support where you need again Anneil will be giving some talks and demos and there'll be some folks interacting with those that have not used a kosh or those that haven't used maybe a kosh in a while and haven't seen all the updates that have been happening as of recently but again this conference  is happening now in San Diego and I'm sure at the next working group for the advance meeting and the next steering committee meeting there will be updates from Amanda on some of the wins and some of the learnings from that event. some of these other items we will talk about at whether it's SIG design which will be happening next week or the working group for the Akash website.

Tyler Wright: but one other item that we talked about just at the insiders call but I just want to make aware to the wider community the Akos community has been calling for some time to have some specific programs for college students that are CS majors those that are interested in web 3 or just development as a whole and getting them more involved in the AOS network ecosystem  as users and just as individuals understanding and contributing to the Kosh network. there is a new role in the discord for student ambassadors.

Tyler Wright: This is a group of a cohort of folks from schools all across the United States for right now, but the cohort the future programs will be worldwide for a number of students that will be involved in creating programs at various schools. introducing the AOS network to various startups that maybe currently have cloud credits on centralized clouds but would like to use a decentralized alternative. so again look out for these student ambassadors, look out for more announcements in the Akos community around the student ambassador program and the growth.

Tyler Wright: There is a blog on the AOS network website currently that talks a little bit more about the student ambassador program and I'm sure you've seen some messages on LinkedIn for those that are on that platform but I will drop a note u or a link to that blog for folks to read and it'll be present in the notes for those that again are watching later.  Any questions on any initiatives? I know Benjamin couldn't make it. He usually joins this meeting. but again, since our last steering committee meeting, there has been a Zeli proposal that has passed on chain. I know that there are some changes coming to that Zilly proposal. and I know there have been a number of missions already around updating templates on a awesome AOS.

Tyler Wright: a number of new users that use console and again deploy on the Kosh network have talked about some of the templates and so again there's groups via ZLY and elsewhere that are contributing to awesome Akos and updating those templates so that the process to deploying on Akos is even more streamlined than it is right now but I know he'll talk probably more about that proposal in coming meetings or we'll drop a message  in this specific task. But any questions about anything marketing or community before we continue on. Cool. All right. I won't go into too much detail, but before I kick it to Archer, again, this has been shared at a Kosh insiders meeting.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: and there'll be some further conversation for anybody that wants to get involved in SIG community next week. but Joe Deng who's on this call will be a Akash community manager. and so you'll start to see a lot more from him for those that are involved in the community and sick community calls. You'll start to see a lot more of him in the future.  So, just want to call that out and probably some additional changes in the community programming with the goal of continuing to drive demand throughout the network. I'll give you all a break from listening to me talk and I will hand it over to Archer to talk about some updates on the core product.

Tyler Wright: These are updates that are going to get discussed during sik chain and sik support. Since our last AOS network steering committee meeting, believe we've had two very successful massive network upgrade to Cosmos SDK 53. and then a very quick so big shout out to all the validators that participated in that expedited proposal and in that very quick network upgrade that happened in the past two weeks. So Archer, I'll kick it over to you to talk a little bit about some efforts that are ongoing that are up next across core engineering.

Artur Troian: Hello All righty. Yeah, I won't go into details about this past two upgrades. I think we gave a decent coverage on both of them and rather focus on some news that we will have coming up to our amazing blockchain.  So first and foremost will be some smart spark contracts. We have discussed it on last chain and idea of that is the BME coming up on the network.

Artur Troian: We need price oracle to be present which to make sure that a key to use the pair always stays up to date and internal swaps work as expected between ak and compute token. So the pretty much best option for this feature would be to use smart products and integrate with existing price feeders like pith network.  So we pretty much have the cosmos integrated as well as test environment connecting to the piece price feeder working. at this stage we are getting ready to launch test net and get everybody to experience that and test the smart contracts behavior initially will be quite limited.

Artur Troian: So we want to make sure that it's been used only for necessary things and at this point the deployment will be limited to the governance only. So if smart contracts needs to be deployed it can be done only through the governance proposal at this point. Another limitation will be what smart contracts can access on the blockchain and what they can do as well. once again those will have quite significant limitations in terms of what kind of operations smart products can do. At this stage the limitation will be only to ability to talk to certain parameters on the blockchain to read them as well as most likely to store oracle price feed in a state.

Artur Troian: And the for whatever reason we decide to swap the different oracle feeder or rewrite smart contracts or redesign it completely so we don't lose the store from the customer volume. I believe it's going to be preserved but I think it is better suited to keep fitted price in the AAR store and it also gives a little bit more flexibility for internal aash modules to pull the price oracle in right from the store instead of trying to find it in the custom world.


### 00:15:00

Artur Troian: in terms of the timeline I think sometime maybe early next week we will launch test net and the test net will be to just ensure that smart works as expected and don't cause any troubles. as soon as we get confirmation we prepare for network upgrade. The upgrade itself will be extremely simple. There are going to be no migrations. just adding couple new stores related to the smart contracts and that's it. And right after it we will deploy very first smart contract which is the price oracle. It is kind of ready. We need to do a couple validations and probably some audits just to make sure that it looks all right and then we will post it through the governance proposal. Before I move to the next items, does anybody have any questions in regards on the smart contracts?

Artur Troian: next couple items. First of foremost following up after smart contracts we will be launching burn means equilibrium. I believe it's AP375 if I recode correctly.  And initially so we will first start with the test net and most likely this test net will be incentivized. The reason for that is the BME changes mint behavior on how mint operations will work on a cash and we want to make sure that they work correctly and do not cause any issues.

Artur Troian: So we will incentivize people to try to break it as much as is possible and as soon as we have a confidence that BME works as expected we will prepare for the network upgrade. This one will be slightly more resource intensive and the reason for that is Akash will abolish support for Axel USDC.  So right now USDC is being used as one of the options to settle payments and this will be abolished and removed from the asper workflow completely and replaced with the act. So just to make everybody making sure that it's clear the USDC support USDC token doesn't go anywhere.

Artur Troian: all accounts that hold it, they will be able to just transfer it through the IBC on whatever source they want most likely through those Moses and swap it. it's just the USDC will be removed from existing decentralized workflows.  All of existing leases will be converted to use ACT. No ma that applies for both USDC leases and AKT and for that reason for the AKT conversion to the ACT during the BME network upgrade we need oracle price to be present. So that's why this whole thing with cosm was initially mentioned.

Artur Troian: most likely the upgrade with the BME will be sometime after new year and it depends on how the net goes. but my expectation is going to be sometime probably mid January or end of January and we'll keep everybody posted on when and how people can participate in the test net.  Before I move to the next stage, any other questions on the BME? and last but not least, the centralized market marketplace features that have been requested quite a lot over the last couple years and that is VM support as well as the bare metal support.

Artur Troian: So we are talking internally on which one to implement first. we have kind of lined up on most best option. and we will share information about that pretty soon.  But regardless of the first phase will be first VMs or bare metal blockchain part is pretty much the same for both instances and we will be starting working on that pretty soon.


### 00:20:00

Artur Troian: So the marketplace behavior will be slightly different from what we have for the containers for a couple of reasons and I will come up with the AAP describing these changes and why we going this way hopefully in the next week or two but generally approach will be opposite to what we do with the deployments with the containers.  It will be just normal option reverse option that we have with the another thing that most likely we will do before getting the either VM or bare metal is persistent volumes in the meaning that those volumes will be able to survive le closure.

Artur Troian: So pretty much idea is that user will be able to persistent volume from the provider create a list for the persistent volume and then you'll be able to use this persistent volume in existing listes.  So for example, if you have a deployment and you want to persist some data even if a list dies for a number of reasons and this is quite well used use case there's this feature of the persistent volumes on the chain users should be able to do so and this is especially important for the VMs when let's say user may have a persistent volume which can

Artur Troian: be moved between the V app. So let's say you do some installation, you kill the list for whatever reason and then water reinstate it. The users don't want the data to be lost. So I think this will improve user experience dramatically. I want to point out that there going to be some limitations initially. those volumes likely won't be transferable between providers. but later on we will be implementing such functionality as well. So that's pretty much it for the next couple months on the core part. Any questions? All righty.

Artur Troian: I'll be with you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Again, if folks want to get more involved in some of these discussions, ask more specific questions, feel free to join the special interest group for the blockchain sick chain as well as sick support, which happen regularly every month. I think we'll be opening over the next couple of weeks. So, feel free to get involved in some of those conversations. I'm sure there'll be announcements made as it pertains to additional testing especially around the potential incentivized test net that Archer have mentioned for BME. so please look out for announcements over the next couple of weeks and beyond to participate on that front.

Tyler Wright: another effort that was talked about in SIG documentation as well as a working group for the Akash website. and docs is another effort taken on by core team around updating documentation. I know there were some documentation holes and some structural items that needed to be made as well as just continuing to just update and fine-tune the documentation that we have. big shout out to members of the core engineering team that have been involved in that amongst a number of different tasks that have been ongoing over the last couple of weeks. There's been a group of community members that has been involved in testing out all the functionality and functions in the documentation. There are a number of edits that came from that testing.

Tyler Wright: and over the next couple of days slash day I think the plan is to update that documentation into its newest structural form and then again have folks from the community and new contributors alike continue to update parts of the documentation whether it be on the r console side integrations learning etc.  So, there's a number of ways for folks in the community to contribute. but please look out for improved documentation. Again, this is an effort that's been discussed and come out of SIG documentation for members of the community as well as members of the core engineering team. so you'll see updates to that documentation if anybody wants to get an early glimpse. I believe again there's a group in discord that you can get involved in. I may also share the link here.

Tyler Wright: in the chats for the folks. But again, that documentation will be live sometime very soon. Any other questions or any other updates on the core product engineering side that anybody wants to make sure that we discuss before we continue on with the All next up on the agenda are I don't believe there are any active discussions that have been talked about rather in SIGs or working groups that anybody wants to talk about in more detail right now.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: I would just say for in the community, those that are watching later or anyone here, I know there's many people whether it be in Discord or Telegram or other channels are actively talking about these items. whether it be BME again exploration of new chains for the Kosh network which has been discussed at the last Sigma economics meeting in October updates to Zeli.  there are a number of new projects that are looking to support the Akash network in a number of different ways and so they put together discussions. So I would just urge everybody that is looking at these items or cares about again the governance process because I know a number of folks are always sending me messages or talking about things in kind of private channels.

Tyler Wright: I ask that you start to leave your comments, your questions, negative feedback in these discussions so that we have one source of truth so that we're not having again new teams and individuals search in a number of different places to respond to feedback. so again there's a number of items that have been recently discussed and then passed on chain. but for anything that is going through governance again I ask you to get involved in some of these conversations ask questions make your voice heard and then we will again continue to push these projects and teams and ideas through to next steps. Does anyone have a discussion?

Tyler Wright: I've been trying to close out some discussions that have passed on chain and of Miss Zilly one has passed on chain. So I'll close that. But I just want to see if there's any questions about the governance process or discussions in general. All continuing on with the agenda, just want to see if there's any other agenda items that anybody wants to make sure gets discussed here with the steering committee. feel free to raise your hand. Otherwise, I'll start to move into the last agenda item and close out the meeting. All right.

Tyler Wright: as I always do, again, a reminder looking ahead, you could always look at the Akash network website and then go to development tab and the community calendar to keep track of all the meetings. As mentioned, SIG chain will be happening, next Tuesday as well as SIG community. look out for a number of updates across community and then again some updates happening as pertains to test nets for smart contracts and BME and then potential network upgrades and planning for those. On Wednesday there will be SIG design where we talk about visual communication efforts as well as marketing efforts and then SIG economics will be happening at an earlier time than it normally does.

Tyler Wright: but we're trying to get more folks maybe that 1:00 in the afternoon Eastern time is a little bit too late for folks in Europe so trying an earlier time for the SIG clients will be the following Tuesday as well as a number of SIGs happening so again there's just a number of opportunities to get involved in conversation push ideas forward share new ideas that you want to get community feedback on and again just participate in the growth of the Akash network. Any other items that anybody wants to discuss?  Go ahead, Shank.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, along that vein, thank you Tyler for running these as always. So, as the year comes to a close, thank you on behalf of overclock core team and community for Tyler and running these Northstar here. always on, Appreciate you, and the one thing I also want to mention as far as the community is going into 2026 I'm sure many of you have already seen but you will see continuing kind of a refresh and a refactor of a lot of efforts and initiatives we put in the community.


### 00:30:00

Cheng Wang: Historically, we've done a lot of things spread out far and wide to really test and see what sticks and what doesn't. And 2026 will be a refinement and focus in terms of a lot of community initiatives to focus the community and in addition to the core team's efforts on items features and things like that that'll directly benefit the network and instead of kind of fielding and trying to test out with ancillary things.  That doesn't mean the core team as won't think about experimenting and stuff like that. But in terms of the barbell ends of experimenting with new stuff and doing things that we have high degree of confidence that will directly benefit the network, we'll definitely focus on a lot more that will directly benefit the network and that hopefully will make things a lot cleaner, simpler for decision-m purposes and bring value to the network and the community and everyone here in addition to new members that will join in the future.

Cheng Wang: So definitely want to encourage everyone to keep an eye out for that. and yeah, that's pretty much it there. Thank you, Ty.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Tank. just want to see again if there's any last minute comments or questions before we close out this last AOA steering committee meeting of 2025. All right. If not, then much appreciated everyone's time today for participating big shout out to all those that'll be watching later.  I hope everybody has a great end of the year. Again, there's a number of SIGs and working groups over the next couple of weeks that are actively contributing and adding direct value to the network on a over-month basis. If you're trying to get more involved with again the provider experience, there's a SIG support as well as SIG providers.

Tyler Wright: feel free to get involved in the SIG clients and SIG providers if you want to learn more about the Akash console, chain SDK integration tools as well as the provider console. and a number of other again SIG design, the work website, documentation, another bunch of opportunities for folks to continue to Too much hope everyone has a great rest of their day, a great holiday season. I'm sure we'll talk many times before the end of the year, but please again direct people to discussions in GitHub to SIGs and working groups to support issues in the support repo as well as issues in the console repo. and look out for continued updates on the road map. but a lot in the pipeline across core engineering, clients, marketing, community efforts.

Tyler Wright: really looking forward to 202026 and beyond. And I really appreciate everyone's, participation. Hope everyone has a great holiday season. We'll talk soon. Bye-bye.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone.

Rodri R: Thank you guys.

Cheng Wang: Happy holidays. Happy New Year.


### Meeting ended after 00:33:32 ðŸ‘‹



