# Akash Network â€“ Steering Committee â€“ Meeting #35

## Agenda

* Steering Committee kickoff and context for early 2026
* Cross-SIG and working group status overview
* Core engineering updates on Smart Contracts, Oracle, and BME
* Testnet planning and upcoming network upgrades
* Client, Console, and API updates
* Community, events, and student ambassador initiatives
* Governance discussions and ecosystem research proposals
* Open discussion and closing remarks

## Meeting Details

* Date: Thursday, January 8, 2026
* Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* [Recording](https://bei2mvuhrfy7ywyp7dkrmzvo2tw52ame3ukhd4pkx22zwddpcp4q.arweave.net/CRGmVoeJcfxbD_jVFmau1O3dAYTdFHHx6r61mwxvE_k)
* [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Andrew W
* Anil Murty
* Artur Troian
* Cheng Wang
* Dimokus
* George Pro
* Ifeoluwa Sanni
* Isaac Grooms
* Jannick Haus
* Joshua Meyer
* Julius Haus
* Maxime Beauchamp
* Rodri R
* Scott Carruthers
* Tyler Wright
* Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks & Steering Committee Context

* Tyler Wright welcomed participants to the January Steering Committee meeting
* He explained that the Steering Committee aggregates updates from all SIGs and working groups
* Participation in SIGs and working groups was reiterated as open to the entire Akash community
* Tyler noted this meeting was scheduled earlier than usual to kick off 2026
* A follow-up Steering Committee meeting was announced for later in January
* Tyler acknowledged timezone challenges for global participants
* Plans were shared to work with Joe Deng to optimize meeting times going forward

### Community Feedback and Project Board Overview

* Tyler invited attendees to raise any immediate community feedback or concerns
* No urgent community issues were raised at the start of the meeting
* Attention shifted to the Akash project boards tracking active initiatives
* Smart contracts and BME were highlighted as top-priority items in implementation
* Tyler noted that these topics had already been discussed across SIG-Chain and SIG-Support

### Core Engineering Update â€“ Smart Contracts, Oracle, and BME

* Artur Troian provided an in-depth update on core engineering progress
* Development on smart contracts and BME took longer than initially expected due to complexity
* Smart contracts are required primarily to enable Oracle-based pricing
* Oracle pricing is a foundational dependency for BME functionality
* Both features were combined initially to simplify early testing
* The codebase has reached a stage suitable for testnet deployment

### Testnet Strategy and Network Upgrades

* Artur confirmed that testnets will be launched once the release process completes
* The team plans to begin testing in the coming week
* Community members will be invited to participate and attempt to surface bugs
* After testing, Oracle and BME will be separated into staged network upgrades
* Oracle pricing will be released first via a network upgrade
* BME will follow once Oracle stability is confirmed on mainnet

### VM Support Roadmap

* Artur announced that VM support is the next major protocol initiative after BME
* VM support represents a significant architectural change across the stack
* Work will begin immediately after BME release
* A formal specification will be published outlining marketplace and VM integration
* The technology stack and feature scope for VMs have been finalized internally

### SIG Participation and Developer Engagement

* Tyler encouraged community members to join SIG-Chain for deeper technical discussions
* SIG-Support was highlighted as the venue for provider and node-level issue triage
* Core engineering teams plan to dedicate more cycles to resolving open issues in 2026
* Completion of the Cosmos SDK v53 migration has unlocked faster development velocity
* Community members were encouraged to comment on GitHub issues and proposals

### Client, Console, and API Updates

* Tyler shared updates on ongoing client-side development
* Improvements are underway across Console, APIs, and provider tooling
* Roadmap updates are expected in the coming weeks
* Community members were encouraged to submit feedback via the Console repo or Discord
* Recent SIG-Client and SIG-Design meetings contributed UI and design improvements
* Shout-outs were given to Dennis and Josh for work on design language and UX consistency

### Events, Marketing, and Community Growth

* Tyler highlighted the formation of an Events Working Group for 2026
* The goal is to drive real usage of Akash Console, APIs, and marketplace deployments
* A key January event was announced: an AITX build night in Austin, Texas
* The event will focus on AI agents and hands-on deployment using Akash ML
* Community members were encouraged to share the event with developers and builders
* A university student deployment and ambassador program continues into 2026
* Participating universities include Princeton, Cornell, and University of Texas
* Applications for the 2026 Student Ambassador Program are now open

### Akash Club and Open Source Contributions

* Tyler highlighted Akash Club as a primary on-ramp for community involvement
* Akash Club is managed by Joe Deng, the Community Manager
* Contributors are encouraged to help improve the Akash website and documentation
* Recent documentation restructuring was acknowledged as a major improvement
* Ongoing contributions are welcomed from both technical and non-technical members

### Governance and Ecosystem Research Discussions

* Tyler referenced an active discussion originating from SIG-Economics
* A proposal focused on research tooling for Akash is under review
* The proposing team is open to revising pricing based on community feedback
* Community members were encouraged to leave detailed feedback on GitHub
* Additional discussions are underway regarding long-term chain strategy
* Exploration of a potential new chain was identified as an emerging 2026 topic
* Criteria and evaluation rubrics are being developed by the core team
* Tyler emphasized GitHub discussions as the source of truth for community input

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler invited participants to suggest topics for future Steering Committee meetings
* A calendar link for all SIGs and working groups will be shared
* 2025 efforts around Cosmos SDK v53 migration were acknowledged as foundational
* 2026 is expected to bring accelerated development and ecosystem expansion
* Tyler thanked contributors, attendees, and note-takers for their support
* Community members were encouraged to reach out with ideas or feedback
* The meeting concluded with New Year greetings and appreciation

## Action Items

### Tyler Wright

* Coordinate upcoming Steering Committee meeting later in January
* Work with Joe Deng to optimize meeting times
* Publish announcements related to BME testing and network upgrades
* Share updates to roadmaps and milestones

### Artur Troian

* Oversee testnet launch for smart contracts and BME
* Finalize Oracle-first upgrade strategy
* Publish VM support specifications following BME release

### Core Engineering Team

* Complete testnet testing and bug resolution
* Prepare staged network upgrades for Oracle and BME
* Continue Console, API, and provider tooling improvements

### Community Members

* Participate in upcoming testnets and provide feedback
* Join relevant SIGs and working groups
* Review and comment on governance and research proposals
* Apply or share the Student Ambassador Program

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to the Akash Network Steering Committee. It is Thursday, January 8th, 2026. During the Akash network steering committee monthly meetings, this is usually a culmination of all the SIGs and working groups which are again open to anybody in the Akash community to join and participate in the growth of the Akash network.  There are a number of SIGs and working groups that people can find on the Accash network website. and again get involved with throughout the month. and again the steering committee is a culmination of those groups where we talk on a regular basis about the state of the network projects discussions etc. Again I know a number of people have reached out to me mentioning that they may not be able to make it but want to have the recording.

Tyler Wright: again, we normally do these meetings at the end of every month, but because our last meeting was at the beginning of December due to the holidays and the new year season, just wanted to have a meeting to kick off the year. again, we will have another steering committee meeting at the end of January 29th, which I'm sure a number of more folks will be at.  Again, I'm going to work with Joe Deng, who is the Akash community manager, to see if there's an optimized time because I know a number of folks that like to come to these meetings. Again, it's usually around their dinner time if they're in Europe or even worse if they're in parts of As Again, just going to continue to push ahead as we always do. we'll go through the agenda.

Tyler Wright: You can track all of the meetings across SIGs and working groups inside the Kosh network community repo and the Kosh network organization again with all the videos and recordings and transcripts All before we jump into again the second section around the project boards, I just want to see if there's anybody that had any thing they wanted to review, discuss or address related to community feedback. All right.

Tyler Wright: again we've talked about a lot of this stuff in SIG chain and SIG support. but one of the big items as a part of the projects board that the core team is working on is around smart contracts and BME bringing that on to the Akash network.  Again, you could see a number of these items that have been up for drafts and are now again in the implementation state. again, the big items are the smart contracts on Akos and then There's been some internal testing done by the core engineering team on both of these fronts. but I will hand it over to Archer to go in a little bit more detail on technical items.

Tyler Wright: knowing that again and we talked about this at chain SIG support and a number of other SIGs in December that as a part of phase two as we prepare for the BME on Akash there will be an incentivized test net potentially. So folks in the community that are listening to this recording later, again, feel free to join SIG chain, which will be coming up in the next couple of weeks, or just look out for general announcements to stay in the loop on next steps as it pertains to BME testing. But Art, I'll hand it over to you to see if there's anything that you want to highlight on the core engineering fronts that have been going on as it pertains to BME smart contracts.

Tyler Wright: And I know VM support is coming up soon.

Artur Troian: Thanks D.

Artur Troian: Hello everyone. All right. Yeah. there have been a kind of a lot of work going on around these two items. because they kind of collide with each other and they're kind of complex, it took us a little while longer than we initially anticipated with the timelines.  So at this stage we have reached the ability to publish the code. It's still kind of work in progress but we have sort of achieved initial stage that we are able to start with the test nets.

Artur Troian: So at this point we kind of combine both smart contracts and BME together and the reason being is the main purpose of smart contracts here is to enable oracle pricing and the Oracle pricing is required by BME.  So it's going to give us a little bit of easy way of testing all of those things and as soon as we have reached the completeness of the test net then we're going to split those features and release the Oracle pricing first have a network upgrade followed by the BME.


### 00:05:00

Artur Troian: I think at this point we kind of going to the releases and hopefully sometime early next week we will launch the test net and we'll come up with the test plan so community folks could join and try to break it. I think at this point this is it on my side from the Oracle and the BME questions.  Does anybody have any questions, concerns about it? last but not least, VM support finally coming to Akash. and this will be implemented the development phase starts right after BM release.

Artur Troian: VM support by itself is going to be quite significant change in many things. So look out for the AP describing how marketplace will handle the virtual machines and how this will be integrated into the entire stack. I think we have came to the good conclusion into what features and what technology stack we will be using for the VMs and the only remainder at this point is to write it down to the specification and proceed to the implementation. Any questions? Okay, Tyler, back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you,  again for folks that want to get more involved in understanding the Akos network marketplace and really the technology and the thinking that goes into that. Please feel free to participate in the special interest group for blockchain where we discuss again a number of these topics in more details.  is much more of a technical conversation conversation led by Artur and other members of the core engineering team as well as SIG support where again the core engineering team gets together regularly on a monthly basis to go over open issues and the support repo related to again the node and the provider repos and then triages those issues and I know the core engineering team is going to be spending a lot more cycles this year solving a lot of those issues again as we talked about

Tyler Wright: At the last AOS network steering committee meeting there was been so much effort across the core team that's gone into that Cosmos SDK 53 migration which is now behind and so again across core engineering, client engineering and the rest of the core team as well as other folks in the community, there's going to be a lot faster cycles in development as folks can split up efforts and again we can just move a little bit more efficiently as a core team and as a community.

Tyler Wright: So please get involved in those conversations, ask questions, leave comments in specific issues and make your voice heard if you want to get more involved in kind of pushing these things forward. Is there anything else that anybody wants to make sure gets discussed on the core engineering side before we continue  All right. I know a lot of the client team is working on a number of efforts across console and other parts of the client experience including APIs. again I know there's going to be some updates that are made to the road map over the next couple of weeks.

Tyler Wright: So you'll see some updates made to this client board as well as to the milestones that you can track inside of the console but again if anybody has any questions as they're continuing to use console there is a the Akash network discord server where folks can ask specific questions around console and get very fast feedback.  Again, there are a number of open issues inside the console repo right now. and you can see again some members of the client team on the core side are actively working on a number of these items. And again, you can also track milestones across a number of different initiatives from the provider side of the console all the way to again the deploy side and some other tools.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Usually and we just had the sick clients meeting in December. there's a number of folks that talk and give some feedback around console as well as some other again clients being built on top of a ML and some other community facing projects. we talked about this in SIG design which is also a bimonthly meeting but through some of the efforts at SIG design big shout out to Dennis and Josh from the core team who have been doing a lot of work on design language for folks that are again trying to build clients on top of the AOS network marketplace. there have been some changes made to console over the last couple of weeks on the UI side and design side.

Tyler Wright: so again for those that are using console please feel free to leave any feedback or thoughts or continue to use the AOS console and again if you have any feedback or thoughts you can write an issue in the console repo or again feel free to drop a comment in the console channel inside Discord.  Does anyone have anything specifically they want to talk about on the client side before we continue with some updates on the community and marketing side? All right.

Tyler Wright: as is with again a number of different initiatives. just want to track a couple of things. The biggest thing to call out is I know Amanda is working on a number of events and again there is a working group for the events 2026 that's being composed to talk about event strategy. again trying to drive more demand of folks using AOS console using AOS APIs and just using the network as a whole. so again there will be a great deal of discussion over the next couple of weeks around event strategy for 2026. I think with a leaner more efficient focus on again trying to find builders and get folks to deploy on Akos.

Tyler Wright: The one big item to look out for in January is an AITX event. This is an event happening January 14th in Austin, Texas at the DAI space in partnership with again AITX which is a large group of developers and focused developers in the Texas region. it's going to be a builds night where folks are going to be deploying and building AI agents. again, Akash ML which is a new offering out of the overclock labs team again folks are going to be having a chance to use AOS ML as well as the entire AOS network ecosystem and marketplace.

Tyler Wright: So if anybody's in the Austin area believe that event is an in real life event happening January 14th there are a number of signups already please feel free to look at there is a event link inside of this issue where again you can pass along to anybody that you may or may know in the Austin region or anywhere in the US that may want to participate.  One other item that I want to call out before I see if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss on the community side is again there's been a program about getting university students more involved in deploying on Akos and again just being exposed to the Akash network. there's been some more structure added to that program out of 2025 and continuing to head in 2026.

Tyler Wright: again there the program consists of students now from a number of universities. the pilot program was started out of the United States. So there's students from Princeton University, Cornell University and a number of other schools University of Texas that are actively deploying on introducing Akos to folks on their campuses both in the startup community and the blockchain community. and again there is an application open for the 2026 student ambassadors program. So for folks interested in getting more involved in Akos and introducing Akos and a number of tools built on Akos to again students at their universities blockchain groups startup founders etc. or if they want to get more involved as a CS student in contributing to an open source project.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: again, there's applications that you can find on the AOSH network website for the student ambassador program. And again, if you don't know a student, but you want to get more involved in Akos, again, there is an Akos club being run by, Joe Deng, the Akash community manager.  So there are a number of channels that you can join inside the discord as well as there's a clash club role that anybody can take and then again Joe or another member of the community will get connected with you to see different ways in which you can get more involved.

Tyler Wright: As always again for anybody that wants to contribute to the AOS network website which is open source as well as the documentation again the core engineering team did an overhaul an improvement in structure and just content of the documentation site over the last month and a half.  But there's always room for folks that are technical and can make instructions easier for other people to get involved in again the website as well as the Kosh network docs. Is there anything on the community or marketing initiatives or any other project board that anybody wants to make sure we discuss before we jump into discussions?

Tyler Wright: All really there's only a couple of active discussions that I want to call out and nobody is here from any of those teams. this was a discussion has happened out of SIG economics.  This is a team that is looking to again build some additional research tooling on Akos. I know that there's been I think a little bit of feedback thus far about this one thing that I have heard from their team and again there's more people that are contributing but if one of the deterrents of this proposal is believe the team is open to again reducing price by a fair amount.

Tyler Wright: so if that is a determining factor for Akos community members please make that clear so that they could talk about potential reduction in price. If the reason for a no is not related to price then again please provide a little bit more detail so that this team can move forward and determine whether or not this is something that the AOSH network is looking for.  But again feel free to leave your comments inside this discussion on the Akash network organization in GitHub. One other thing to call out that we'll talk a little bit more detail about SIG economics but again this is something that's actively being worked by the core team again continued exploration about a potential new change to the AOS network.

Tyler Wright: again there's a number of conversations and a rubric being created. again number of members of the core team have been talking about this and kind of putting together a criteria. We've talked at the last two maybe three sick economics meetings about this effort.  So, as we continue to dive into 2026, I'm sure planning around a potential move to a new chain, again, deciding on what that new chain could be. This will be hot topics that will be again communitywide. So, we'll have this conversation more as time continues to go on.

Tyler Wright: But again, if you have any opinions about the conversation and exploring new chains, feel free to just drop those opinions inside of this discussion. This is the source of truth for collecting community opinions about again evaluating any recommendations and beyond?  Are there any other discussions that anybody wants to make sure get brought up here with this group? are there any other topics that anybody wants to make sure again get brought up and surface here?

Tyler Wright: maybe we could talk about them at a future steering committee meeting, but just want to see if there's any other topics while I have a live crew of people here that we want to discuss. All right. again, I'm going to drop a link to the calendar for folks that want to get more involved in SIGs and working groups. again, as we start 2026, there is a lot Again, 2025, there was a lot of effort that went into Cosmos SDK 53 migration from the entire core team and really the community at large. there was a number of network upgrades that had to happen in stages over the year to get us there.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: I know that again across the core team on the client side again there's been a significant amount of improvements made to the provider console APIs as well as the Akash console but as we continue in 2026 again look out for a lot of traction across a number of different efforts whether it be with new features on the marketplace side again new tools being built by the core team to improve the user experience across console a number  other initiatives again exploration of a new chain. really looking forward to a really packed year on the development side and a lot of change and progress as it pertains to the Akash network.

Tyler Wright: we'll have another steering committee meeting at the end of the month which I know again more folks will be at but just wanted to kick off 2026 just connecting folks that could be here and folks that are listening in later just to look forward describe what the end of 2025 was at the highest level talk about BME and some of the next initial steps as it pertains to 876 and 78 and some pending network upgrades and then again start to get people's minds  and thinking about all the changes and all the ways that folks can get involved as we jump into 2026. So again, for folks on the student side, please feel free to apply the student ambassador program. For other folks that want to get more involved on the network side, please feel free to reach out to Joe Deng and get more involved with the Kosh insiders and the Kosh Club.

Tyler Wright: and then again, look out for updates to the road map as well as continued a coming out over the next couple of weeks with new features across a number of different areas. Before I let you all go, again, thank you all for the time today. Thank you all though to all those that'll be watching this recording later.  Big shout out to George that helps with the notes and makes my life easier organizing and structuring a lot of this stuff. But hope everyone has a great day. Again, looking forward to a strong year in 2026 for the Akash network and the entire community. Much appreciate everyone.

Tyler Wright: And again, if you need anything, please feel free to reach out on Discord to myself, Joe Deng, anyone else from the four team with ideas, suggestions, feedback. and again, we're looking for a strong year for Akash Network in 2026. See you all soon. Appreciate everybody.

Cheng Wang: Happy new year.

Rodri R: You guys. Happy New Year. Bye.

Isaac Grooms: Happy new year.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:49 ðŸ‘‹


