# Akash Network â€“ Steering Committee â€“ Meeting #36

## Agenda

* Review of community feedback, grievances, and Discord hygiene
* Cross-SIG and working group project board updates
* Core engineering progress on Smart Contracts and BME
* Upcoming testnets and network upgrades
* Community, website, and student ambassador updates
* Client, Console, and API roadmap updates
* Governance discussions and open proposals
* Open discussion on long-term chain direction
* Closing remarks and next steps

## Meeting Details

* Date: Thursday, January 29, 2026
* Time: 10:37 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* [Recording](https://iwwi4gddwnj6zlohxn3aiwad4nl6rhgleq4bxpkurmn6luyluawq.arweave.net/RayOGGOzU-ytx7t2BFgD41fonMskOBu9VIsb5dMLoC0)
* [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* B S
* Cheng Wang
* Discover De-Fi
* Jannick Haus
* Joao Luna
* Joe Deng
* Rodri R
* Tyler Wright
* Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks & Steering Committee Context

* Tyler Wright welcomed participants to the January 29 Steering Committee meeting
* He reiterated that the Steering Committee serves as a culmination of all SIGs and working groups
* The meeting provides a forum for cross-SIG alignment, governance review, and community connection
* Tyler noted that this was the second Steering Committee held in January
* Community members were encouraged to join SIGs for deeper topic-specific discussions

### Community Feedback and Discord Cleanup

* Tyler opened the floor for community feedback, grievances, or conflicts
* No major grievances were raised during the meeting
* Tyler highlighted ongoing efforts to clean up and streamline the Akash Discord
* Older and inactive SIG and working group channels were archived
* Zeke Ezagui was recognized for leading the Discord cleanup initiative
* Community members were encouraged to use active SIG channels for relevant discussions
* Questions related to deprecated working groups were redirected to SIG-Providers

### Core Engineering Project Board Updates

* Tyler provided an overview of active core engineering initiatives
* Smart Contracts and Burn-Mint Equilibrium were highlighted as top priorities
* Significant internal testing is ongoing across both initiatives
* Preparations are underway for an incentivized BME testnet
* The incentivized testnet will be announced publicly with participation guidelines
* Community members will be able to earn AKT for participating in testing
* Internal testing is focused on resolving major bugs before public exposure

### Network Upgrades and Validator Coordination

* Tyler noted that recent lease-close issues required core engineering attention
* A potential small network upgrade may be required to resolve lease-close behavior
* Validators were advised to monitor the validators Discord and mailing list
* A network upgrade for smart contracts is expected soon
* A separate network upgrade will follow to enable BME
* Up to three network upgrades may occur in the near term
* Validators were encouraged to ensure they are properly connected to communication channels

### Community Question on Oracle and Smart Contract Implementation

* Discover De-Fi asked about the Oracle implementation referenced in the roadmap
* The question focused on the use of Python-based infrastructure and code availability
* Tyler explained that the implementation is currently in testnet phases
* Tyler offered to follow up with additional documentation or testnet access
* Zeke shared supplementary information in the meeting chat

### Website, Community, and Marketing Updates

* Tyler shared updates from a recent Akash website working group session
* Discussions focused on homepage SEO improvements
* Planned updates include changes to the community page
* Joe Dengâ€™s community programs are being integrated into the website
* New contribution tiers will be more visible, including bounties and insiders
* Implementation of website updates is expected within the next seven days

### Student Ambassador Program

* Tyler announced that applications for the 2026 Student Ambassador Program cohort two are open
* Interviews are currently in progress
* Cohort one includes universities such as USC, Princeton, Cornell, and UT Austin
* Student ambassadors are actively deploying Akash and hosting campus events
* Community members were encouraged to apply or share the program

### Events and Community Activation

* Tyler referenced the recent AITX AI Agent Build Night in Austin
* The event included Akash and Akash ML tracks
* Multiple winners were selected, with announcements forthcoming
* The event was described as a successful community activation
* Additional coverage will be shared via blogs or community posts

### Client, Console, and API Roadmap

* Tyler reviewed client-side development and Console improvements
* SIG-Clients continues to be the primary forum for detailed client discussions
* Console issues are actively tracked and resolved via GitHub
* Logging and event visibility were highlighted as ongoing focus areas
* Improvements to logs, APIs, and event forwarding are planned
* These updates aim to improve observability and user experience

### Provider and Client Cross-SIG Context

* Tyler referenced discussions from the recent SIG-Providers meeting
* Updates included Provider Console improvements and Home Node development
* Community members interested in provider topics were encouraged to join SIG-Providers
* Recordings, transcripts, and notes from all SIGs remain publicly accessible

### Rust Client Library and Community Contribution

* Discover De-Fi raised feedback about the lack of a stable Rust client SDK
* Issues include deprecated endpoints and missing stable releases
* Discover expressed interest in contributing to a Rust client library
* Tyler encouraged Discover to coordinate with Joe Deng and core contributors
* Community-led contributions were highlighted as a valuable pathway

### Governance Discussions and Proposals

* Tyler encouraged community participation in GitHub discussions
* PIP 3.5 was noted as actively being voted on
* Validators were reminded to participate in on-chain voting
* A research proposal discussed in prior SIG-Economics calls was revisited
* The proposing team agreed to revisit the proposal in approximately six months
* Feedback was cited as critical for guiding proposal outcomes

### Open Discussion on Long-Term Chain Direction

* Discover De-Fi shared thoughts on Akashâ€™s long-term architectural direction
* He discussed cryptographic primitives as a core determinant of chain identity
* An alternative vision was presented involving validated services across chains
* The idea emphasized trust-minimized compute without reliance on a single chain
* Tyler welcomed the perspective and encouraged public discussion
* Tyler referenced recent Cosmos ecosystem security incidents
* Core engineering effort required for chain security was acknowledged
* Long-term exploration of alternative architectures remains an active topic

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler highlighted upcoming SIG meetings, including SIG-Economics and SIG-Design
* An upcoming Akash Club event on market thesis was announced
* Community members were encouraged to engage publicly in discussions
* Tyler thanked participants and listeners for their engagement
* The meeting concluded with appreciation and encouragement for continued involvement

## Action Items

### Tyler Wright

* Share follow-up resources related to Oracle and smart contract implementation
* Coordinate validator communications for upcoming network upgrades
* Encourage public discussion on long-term chain strategy

### Joe Deng

* Continue integrating community programs into the Akash website
* Support contributors interested in Rust client library development
* Promote Akash Club and community events

### Core Engineering Team

* Finalize internal testing for smart contracts and BME
* Prepare and announce the incentivized BME testnet
* Address lease-close related fixes and upgrades

### Community Members

* Participate in GitHub discussions and SIG meetings
* Vote on active governance proposals
* Contribute feedback on roadmap, tooling, and long-term direction
* Apply or share the Student Ambassador Program

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right. welcome everybody to the Akash Network Steering Committee monthly meeting. It is Thursday, January 29th, 20 During the monthly steering committee meeting, the community comes together to discuss all things as a culmination of all the special interest groups and working groups that happen throughout the month.  you could follow along with an agenda that I will drop in the chat for folks. and again, the goal is to go over items across special interest groups and working groups, see if there's anything that is potentially up for governance that needs approval or further discussion.

Tyler Wright: and just an opportunity for the community to connect across again all special interest groups and working groups across the open source community. If anybody wants to go in depth as to what's going on in and get more involved in specific working groups and special interest groups again around specific themes like economics, providers, clients and beyond.  I will again drop in the calendar in the chat and we can talk a little bit about it later. As we always do, we start off with our typical agenda. again, you can track all the previous steering committee notes, recordings and transcripts at the link I dropped in the chat. One of the first things we do is we review, address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have anything that they want to address in terms of community feedback, grievances, or otherwise?  I think one thing that was talked about at the end of 2025 was cleaning up and this is something that Joe and others do a great job of doing is continuing to clean up the Discord which is where a number of builders and other folks in the community meet and gather and talk about specific subjects.  Big shout out to Zeke as a part of the core team who actually just went through an exercise of cleaning up a lot of the older SIGs and working groups. again, a lot of these older items have been archived around, economics 2.0, these things that have been discussed along and again are now closed as working groups.

Tyler Wright: if anybody has any questions or any things that they want to bring up as it pertains to specific items that used to be working groups like provider attributes or content moderation, feel free to drop those in the providers channel or the sick providers channel and we can make sure that those things get discussed. But again, to clean up the Discord a little bit and then use channels that are actively being used, big shout outs to Zeke for helping to clean out a lot of those channels in Discord.  Any other grievances before we continue on with the agenda? All right. next up, we will go through, project boards.

Tyler Wright: there's a number of items that are go ongoing right now and I know that some folks that usually update the community on items are going through various weather things that have been going on in the US and other places. I'm going to start off by giving an update on the  Again, a number of these items as it pertains to core product engineering get discussed more in detail during SIG chain as well as SIG support that just happened yesterday. For folks that want to get more involved in contributing to open issues or understanding the status of issues in the support repo, again, the SIG support is a great opportunity to get updates.

Tyler Wright: One big initiative that's going on is across a core team that is traveling back and forth between in progress and in testing internally right now is BME support as well as smart contracts on AOS. the core team has been working diligently testing a lot of the functionality and testing a plan that will go into incentivized test net. again there'll be more discussion about that sig economics but there is an incentivized test net that will be happening very shortly as phase two of the BME testing before that network upgrade happens and the core engineering team is doing a great deal of preparation for that incentivized test net as well as internal testing to make sure that any of the main apparent bugs are resolved before again sharing it with the wider community and just wider dev community

Tyler Wright: as a whole. So again, look out for updates across BME and smart contracts coming soon with an incentivized test net that will be shared across a number I'm sure social channels the Akash blog and other avenues with a plan on how folks can participate and then again earn incentives and AKT for for their participation.  Couple other items worth calling out. I know that there were some items around lease close that were causing some issues around console. these issues affected core and so the core engineering team has been working on resolving those issues.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: again for all validators listening to this recording later there may be a need for a small network upgrade to implement some of the solutions around lease close. So look out for more details in the validators chat as well as those that are on the validators email list. but again beyond that there is a network upgrade happening very soon around smart contracts. and then after the incentivized test net is complete and everything looks good for BME, there will be another network upgrade to implement BME. So again, there might be as many as three potential network upgrades happening in the next month or so.

Tyler Wright: but again certainly tracking towards a smart contracts and BME on a couple network upgrades will be involved to make those two things happen.  for those that are validators that are listening to the steering committee and if you're not in the validators channel which is a private channel around the specific role in discord or if you're not in the mailing list again feel free to reach out to an AOS insider and they can direct you to how to get added to those again mailing list the discord channel so you can stay in constant contact with the core team. Cool.

Tyler Wright: Outside of that, again, I know that the core team is taking some time to work out and spec out some support issues that have been introduced by the community, by consult team or by parts, or by other folks. and again, we discuss those issues in the six support calls on a monthly basis. But if anybody wants to get more involved please feel free to join that call or drop a message in Discord. Just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to core engineering before we jump into some other updates.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, discover. Yes.

Discover De-Fi: Hey, can you guys hear me? Okay, cool. hello. I just was curious. I was looking into the smart contract implementation plan on the road map here and the comments on the road map described using Python network as an oracle and I was curious on how that integration was planned on being implemented just from a high level is there any solidified plan for that or is anywhere I can look at that codebase? I'd be curious. Thanks.

Discover De-Fi: 

Tyler Wright: No, absolutely. I think some of the key people that are involved in that Oracle implementation are actually not on the call, but I could follow up with you and provide you with some resources. Again, they're in the test net phases right now. So, I can either potentially get you access to an environment orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: get you some more information on how the implementation is being done.

Discover De-Fi: Cool. Thank you.

Discover De-Fi: Yeah, that'd be awesome.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, please feel free to reach out to me or just drop in the best way to contact you on whatever channel makes most sense.

Discover De-Fi: Okay, awesome.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and Zeke just dropped some more information in the chat.

Discover De-Fi: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: No problem. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions about anything core related before we continue onward next up I do want to talk about a number of items that are happening across  community and marketing. we just had a working group session for the Akash website today. During that working group session, there was a great deal of discussion about the homepage SEO optimization and AEO optimization for as well as some changes to the community page that are going to be happening soon.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: I think as many of at this point Joe Deng who's on the call is the Akash community manager and has a number of programs that he's already begun implementing. You can look at events in Discord that he's hosting around a number of different topics with a lot of community contribution. but again a lot of the programming that is he's looking to implement along with other members of the community is going to be brought to the website over the next seven days or so so more folks in the community can get involved in different tiers whether it's a kosh insiders contributions bounties etc.

Tyler Wright: so again there was a lot of discussion around that at the working group today and look for implementation and then next steps happening over the next seven days. One other thing that's happening that's worth calling out is the student ambassador program. U applications for the cohort 2 of 2026 are now open.  I think there's a number of people both internationally and based in the United States that have applied and again interview processes ongoing right now. There's a number of institutions involved currently out of cohort one including University of Southern California, Princeton Cornell University of Texas Austin just to name a few.

Tyler Wright: and again these are students that are bringing the AOSH network to their institutions getting in front of students faculty hosting events connecting with startup organizations and blockchain clubs and getting more people deploying on Akos and really contributing to the growth of the network.  If anybody please again there's an application that you can see on the Akash network community page if you want to get more involved. There's a couple of other proposals that have passed on chain that you can kind of track. and again one big event that happened last week that will be discussed I think at the next SIG community meeting is the AITX AI agent build night.

Tyler Wright: there was a number of folks that participated in their Kosh and Akos ML tracks of this event. I think there's three winners that again there will be a blog or some potential news shared with the community soon on the results of some of those events.  But again, this is another successful event that was run at the DAI space in Austin, Texas, with University of Texas and some other organizations January 14th, so a little over two weeks ago. Anything else community related that anybody wants to make sure it gets discussed at this point?

Tyler Wright: All Last but certainly not least on the project side is the client product and engineering roadmap. again we discuss as a community a lot of stuff that happens with the AAS console APIs that folks use in the community and a number of other tools in the SIG clients meeting that happens every other month. you can also track changes and track milestones and issues in the console repo.

Tyler Wright: if there's open issues or if there's any issues that anybody's has again you can always reach out in Discord, create an issue in GitHub and the console team does a great job of kind of tracking those issues and looking to resolve those issues. You can see a number of issues that have been opened over the last month and then again closed rather quickly by the console team.  Couple of things that again I want to make sure to call out amongst a number of other efforts that the console team is working on there.  I know there's been a lot of discussion around logs whether it be API or console or otherwise and just this is something that again as discussed during the core portion of the project board requires a little bit of effort from the core team.

Tyler Wright: but this is something that's very much top of mind for the client team to continuing to improve the user experience for again folks that are using Akos console and some of the other manage wallet APIs and some of the other ways to again leverage the Akash network.  So I'm sure in the future there will be some announcements, blogs and other information about API for logs and events as well as log forwarding that is coming soon and this implementation that the console team will be doing. Cool.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Again, we talk in more detail about items that are happening as it pertains to the deployment side of the console and other clients during SIG clients. the provider console team does a great job of talking about updates across the console experience during SIG providers which just happened yesterday. There was also discussion around a product that overclock labs team is building called home node. so again, if anybody wants to understand more about the provider console in more detail or get more involved in those conversations or anything related to the provider, please feel free to drop a message in the SIG provider channel or just start to find time to join those SIG providers calls. And again, just like the steering committee, every SIG and working group meeting, you can find past recordings, past transcripts, past notes to get up to speed.

Tyler Wright: All Anything that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to client product engineering or community and marketing or core as it pertains to the public road maps that haven't been discussed.  face.

Discover De-Fi: I just have one thing. I mentioned this to Joe. I'm return if lost on Discord. so one thing that I noticed was that the rustbased clients for the chain SDK there's not a stable release that identifies depreciated endpoints and the stable releases. So having that as a client side library would be amazing. just wanted to share that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think that's great feedback and at least since I've been here over the last four years, there have been a number of folks that have come into the community that are Rust developers that are interested in a Rust client library.  Unfortunately, again, there's so many things that the core engineering team is focused on. but these could be great opportunities for contributions from folks in the community to support the core team and kind of make these things happen.

Discover De-Fi: Totally. Yeah, I'd be happy to contribute to that. I noticed we already have most of the standard Cosmos SDK proto ported over for a specific module. So, it would just be a matter of curating the release pipeline andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Yeah,â€¦

Discover De-Fi: 

Discover De-Fi: depreciation workflow. So, yeah, I mean, I'd be happy to contribute to that. Perfect.

Tyler Wright: touch base with Joe. It sounds like you already have, but please stay connected with Joe and I think Marissa and let's try to facilitate that because that again something that could be talked about and I know it's a number of other users in the community would benefit from that as well. Amazing.

Tyler Wright: All right. next up, we usually go to any GitHub discussions. So, again, for anybody that wants to get more involved, again, there's a contributions program that has, some funds available to it. but there's also opportunities for anybody to get more involved in the government's protocol and again seek funds from the community pool or contributions that grow the open- source nature of the Akash network. really focus on again driving demand. there are a number of discussions that I think have been brought forth as of recently. but again I don't think any of these discussions except for this one have been discussed at any SIGs or working groups and gotten some more critical feedback.

Tyler Wright: I would ask that more people as they get more involved again seek out these discussions give their opinion give their thoughts especially a lot of older Akos community members that have some historical context to share but always again looking for folks to get involved in these discussions give feedback help to drive some of these directions and share why some of these proposals should move forward or should not move forward.  for it, to manage the folks that are spending time on creating these discussions, give them feedback. Again, the PIP 3.5 discussion has been talked about I think a number of sick economics that came online and talked about in sick providers as well and now that's up for vote.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: So validators and others feel free to vote on that proposal which is on chain or voting right now. Are there any other discussions that anybody wants to make sure get brought up? I guess I will follow up on this discussion and we can temporarily just close this and we can reopen it. the team connected with the community came to a number of sick economics calls and talked about their proposal. I think at this point the Akash community determined that this may not be the right time for this kind of research proposal and maybe this is something that could be revisited in about six months.

Tyler Wright: So, the team behind this proposal said, yeah, that this is something they understand, obviously with the macro markets, and some other things and they're willing to again readress this proposal with the larger community in about 6 months and see if there's any appetite for this proposal at that point. Just want to see if there's any other discussions that anybody wants to make sure get brought we're at the open discussions part of the agenda. Is there any other topics related to the AOS network, demand, growth, structure, or otherwise that anybody wants to make sure it gets discussed?

Discover De-Fi: Just since this is my first time here in this specific steering committee conversation just want to share my perspective on I guess the future direction of Kosh since there's a lot of speculation about where the new home for Akos  will be. and just throwing this out there, I think the cryptographic primitives of a project is kind of what ultimately surfaces the brand and the home of a chain whether or not there's a certain VM that is using whether or not there's a certain consensus algorithm and key pairs that are being used by the validator sets. Right?

Discover De-Fi: So I think dissecting it down into that framing there is an amazing opportunity for a kosh network to still leverage all the fundamental principles of these blockchains that we use with cryptographic guarantees without necessarily having a chain and I think the perfect example to this would be an active validated service kind of like what I layer offers waves offers as a product to  where there's chain resources that are validated and verified that they're performing as they're supposed to unlocking a lot of computational block quote unquote block space without sacrificing potential markets that a product could be exposed to.

Discover De-Fi: So I think that there's definitely an interesting opportunity for Akos to p kind of the meta ether in between all these blockchains and provide their markets into all of these communities in a trust minimized manner while still retaining all the core features that it has. So I just kind of wanted to throw that idea out there. I've been kind of sharing it around with the core team of Wavesâ€¦

Discover De-Fi: who includes members of the founding team of Kos and Wazum and Da Dao and super smart people. but yeah, that's just what I wanted to throw out there.

Tyler Wright: I love it.

Tyler Wright: Just to highlight again, I know this is one of your earlier meetings here, but there is an active discussion at the highest level happening around what a potential new home could look like. I would love for you to share any ideas. I know there's other folks in the Cosmos ecosystem that are sharing ideas, other folks that are like, "Hey, Cosmos may not be the place. an EVM chain. There's advantages to, Salana, some of these other projects." So, again, right now, the community is just talking as a whole about what some of those options could look like.

Tyler Wright: again just for don't want to dive too deep into this but one of the many things that has brought this conversation up has been around a lot of the core engineering team's efforts are spent on blockchain related items whether it's security again this is something I'm sure would have been talked about but there was a security item and this could be discussed more publicly but there was a security issue in the Cosmos ecosystem not even two weeks ago where folks on our core engineering team had to stop efforts that could push console forward and the user experience forward or some other items to again secure the chain. and obviously this is very very necessary items right now.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: But as core team is thinking about growth and roadmap items it's sometimes challenging to have to divide energy and focus across not just the product and improving the network the marketplace items built on top of the marketplace but also against securing the blockchain which is fundamentally important to the thesis but again sometimes quite challenging.

Discover De-Fi: 100% 100%.

Tyler Wright: â€¦

Discover De-Fi: It was a interesting moment for the cosmos during that.  stuff.

Tyler Wright: I would urge you to continue to share some of those ideas more publicly. Again, I'm trying to get more people that share ideas oftentimes privately in private DMs to share them publicly to showcase again all the different ideas and I'm sure things that you're thinking other people are thinking as well. So, please feel free to do that.

Tyler Wright: Any other open discussion items? Again, that was a great segue discover to something that I had forgot around the security advisory that was shared with a lot of the core teams. Again, the Akash team was able to patch that very quickly and privately and securely as recommended by the Cosmos team. And then again, there's been some more information that's been shared more publicly since So, that happened over the last couple of weeks. All right. if not then I'll just remind folks as we look ahead there is an event happening tomorrow around the Akash club market thesis for Akos again being led by Joe and some other folks in the community.

Tyler Wright: Next week there's a sik economics call where we'll talk a little bit more in detail around pip 3.5 exploration of new blockchains the BME incentivized test net and some other items and again a host of other SIGs and working groups that'll be happening over the month some items that don't happen as frequently SIG design happens every other month so look out for that meeting happening on February 11th if you want to get more involved in the Akash  YouTube, marketing, overarching website and a number of other, design assets, in real life events, digital assets, etc. Is there anything else that anybody wants to make sure we discuss? I know we actually had a steering committee to kick off the year at the top of the month. so, we've had two steering committees in three weeks.

Tyler Wright: appreciate folks that have joined today and folks that'll be listening later, but just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to touch on before I let you all go. All right. If not, then looks like somebody might be trying to join  If not then again we will certainly end this steering committee on January 29th. I will make sure that folks follow up with discover and we again take this conversation around the Rust client API or client libraries rather and some of the things you talked about exploration of potential new homes for Akos what that could kind of look like.

Tyler Wright: I would again ask everybody else in the community folks that are connected with other people in the community to make sure that everybody's made their voice heard in GitHub discussions. That's why these open forums are there. whether it's the SIGs working groups, again, the governance structure as it's laid out. It's an opportunity for everybody to make their voice heard, get involved, and then push ideas forward before they end up on chain. If there's nothing else then again appreciate everyone's time today. Appreciate those that are listening in later. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and hope to see you all at SIGs and working groups meetings in the future. Appreciate you all.

Discover De-Fi: Hey,

Tyler Wright: Thank you again.

Rodri R: You guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:31:07 ðŸ‘‹

