# Akash Network - Steering Committee - Meeting #12

## Agenda

- Review / discuss / address any community feedback, grievances, or conflicts.
- Review [projects list](../projects-list/README.md), prioritize / add / remove if necessary.
- A look at open discussions in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
- Open up to any other questions from the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, January 25th, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://uh4qrdp5wsvzihnnh7m7conzwkllrei4xawnfsohgjmp5qpjberq.arweave.net/ofkIjf20q5QdrT_Z8Tm5spa4kRy4LNLJxzJY_sHpCSM)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Committee

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Alani Kuye
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Crypto Cowboy
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Dimokus
- Evan Neal
- Greg Osuri
- Javier Suarez
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Okhai Omotuebe
- oo o
- Pierre-Andre Manseau
- Poroburu
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zach Ross


## Notes:

- Tyler asked the community about whether or not anyone had any concerns or issues with the sigs or wgs.
- There were no issues from the community at this time.
- Tyler led the group through the agenda today, because Anil was in a place with a lot of background noise. Anil was still heavily involved in the conversation. 


### Projects:

- Tyler talked about the project list that was used in 2023. A lot of progress has been made across a number of different of projects.
- Tyler introduced project boards for Product and Engineering and Community and Marketing.
- Please feel free to access the boards here: https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects
- Tyler walked through some of the key items on each board including feature discovery service, AMD support and beyond. 


#### [Product and Engineering Board / Community + Marketing Board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects)

- Tyler talked about product and engineering roadmap. 


### Github Discussions:

- 


### **Open Discussion:**


  
### Action Items:

- Please get involved in all of the discussions on github. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the first Akash steering committee monthly meeting of 2024. Appreciate everybody joining. I'm going to drop in the chat a link to the steering come read me. What we do during these steering committee meetings is Anil or myself leads the group through a The typical agenda includes reviewing discussing addressing any Community feedback, which we'll get to in a second. Then we go over list of all the projects that are open and being worked on the engineering side and product side as well as the marketing and Community size.

Tyler Wright: And then from there we go into a reviewing of any new discussions. I know there's a number of discussions that have been going on over our last few weeks so much appreciate everybody for picture purposes of it participating in those discussions. We have added some criteria because again with this slot is only an hour for the steering committee. So we've added some criteria for order of operations and prioritization during the steering committee for kinds of discussions that we'll talk about. I shared this with folks yesterday in Discord, and we'll use this as a prioritization pool today and moving forward and then with anytime We make sure if anybody has any other questions or discussions they want to talk about.

Tyler Wright: Please we'll do that at the end.

Tyler Wright: cool with that said we'll start off with the agenda and'll through so a Neal can continue to I always focusing on a number of things but I'll lead us through the agenda today again, we usually start with reviewing discussing and addressing any Community feedback grievances are conflicts related to the cigs and working groups or anything that you see in Discord or any other channels. Does anybody have any feedback about the six working groups other user groups as we start 2024?

Tyler Wright: cool Go ahead and Neal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just the one note I want to add here is that and this is sort of related to the GitHub discussions and how we prioritize what we spend our time in this state committee meeting. One of the things that we had said when we originally started this open development model about middle over a year ago was any discussions that I mean obviously people can post any sort of discussions on the discussion board. That's an open board but for topics that get discussed here and we spend time on one of the things that we said was important was that the proposals or discussions be discussed in the six first, so if there's something that somebody's proposing as part of clients or something bring it up there. So for example, one of the things we'll talk about today is GPU incentives. This is something that we've been discussing quite extensively in various things including economics and stick providers. There's kind of want to throw it out there in terms of things related to six as well as things to

Anil Murty: discussions

Tyler Wright: Thank you Anil.

Tyler Wright: there's also a note that Huey wanted me to mention in terms of bounties and I'll link to the bounty board in the chat for folks but there are funds available to the community with the stigs and the working groups being the focus for how people are deciding on what is important to build from the community. So again, if the user is joining a specific Sig or working group and the singer working group, as an example docs is looking for more Community contributions and there are a number of people in that. We're in that Sig that are talking about contributing. please feel free to put a bounty for your time and efforts to add new documentation to again the official docs there are funds available for those that are working through the states and working group structure. So again here we wanted me to shout that out. And please I'll add the bounty board for folks to look at but

Tyler Wright: these feel free to start conversations and contribute to the states and working groups and figure out where you can again. Apply your talents more and receive rewards for them.

Tyler Wright: cool if there's nothing else on The current structure then we'll move on to the next agenda item around reviewing projects and prioritizing and removing any if necessary.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: On GitHub again in the Akash Network organization. You can see two project boards one for the product and Engineering roadmap and one for the community and marketing initiatives. These are active boards that we talked about every steering committee and are actively kept up. So if anybody has any questions about anything specific between steering committee's, please look at these boards to track what's going on on various roadmaps, and then we can again go from ask questions in specific projects or on Discord and we can continue conversations there between meetings. cool

Tyler Wright: All right, focusing up on what's going on in the product and Engineering roadmap. There's a number of items that are in testing right now including provider feature Discovery service AMD support and removing analytics from deploy on AMD support. There's been some members of overclock team are working on documentation round one of the AMD support. And that's going to be distributed to folks in the community to start building providers with AMD gpus. And again, that's documentation will get updated. Does anybody here on the call have any thing that they want to mention about AMD support?

Tyler Wright: cool I know a big action a big item that affects GPU provided incentives and a number of things that members of the core team including Artur in Scott have been working on has been the provider future Discovery service Archer Scott. Is there anything that you want to highlight for the community again? They can track all the updates here. There's anything that you want to highlight for the community on the call.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so Artur doesn't seem to be on the call. So I'll just give a brief update. So post the work that I did Artur is taking the feature Discovery into Automation realm so that providers will no longer have to manually label GPU resources. So we're just going through that and some finalized testing I would assume that it's going to be released very very soon.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much I know there's a number of items that are happening in progress as well. And I don't want to spend a great deal of time going through each one of them if anybody has any questions about any specific items in the aim progress column or in the up next or backlog for the engineering and product roadmap, please feel free to raise a hand right now one that I will call out is I know that the working group for Content moderation has been going on for around a year and there's a number of solutions that have been being worked on as of last week. Members of the core team have taken a review at the work that the prior team has been working on in terms of content moderation.

Tyler Wright: I know there's some next steps that the pretor team has in terms of rebasing after some changes have been made to the court code base, but those conversations are continuing to happen and you can track that those conversations here. So again, there's a continued work happening around content moderation on the provider side. And obviously the cloud most team who I know the Max's are on the call or doing a great deal of work on the cloudnosed API refactoring of the cloud most deployed tool and a number of other efforts Max's. Is there anything that you wanted to highlight? Don't feel like you have to because I know that Workout number of things, but just want to give the ability to talk about anything at a high level that you're working on.

Max: Nothing special to mention everything is being worked on that decent place.

Tyler Wright: Excellent and again, I know that Maxi's work around the cloud. Most API is something that I know the pre-tor team is using and a number of other teams and individuals can access. So again, if anybody has any questions about cloudmus API the refactor work any of the readme files again, feel free to drop a question in here and Discord and we'll make sure it gets followed up very quickly.

Tyler Wright: Cool before I move on to the community and marketing project board. Does anyone else have anything that they want to highlight or any other questions related to anything on the product and Engineering roadmap?

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Also, look at the items in the release. I know if anybody here is building anything. I know the Scott has done a great deal of work on end testing and there's a number of other items again in the release column. So feel free to look at the various projects. You can track down specific code if you're looking for it or how to do things Etc.

Tyler Wright: cool Moving along there's a number of items going on in terms of marketing and Community. I know that Adam has been doing a great job of letting folks know what's going on with various events Is there anything that you want to highlight on the events front for the community?

Adam Wozney: No, I mean The Big Three income or upcoming in person events that are taking place are East Denver boobcon and Nvidia GTC. We're gonna have a presence at each of those events from members of the overclock Labs team and community members representing Akash a lot of things in flight, but everything's tracking really nicely for those three events.

Tyler Wright: excellence anyone have any questions about anything events related? Again, there is an event working group that Adam leads with other members of the community where they discuss specific events in detail our presence Etc. I know he's been doing a lot of planning around q1, but Q2 is where on the quarter so I know he's doing a fair amount of planning for Q2 and Beyond as well.

Tyler Wright: Cool one action item that is just been completed is the dove prop around the 2024 across hackathons. So again, thank you to all those that voted and participated in discussions leading up to the proposal going on chain Adams or anything that you want to highlight here. I know a working group is around the corner, but there's anything specific that you want to talk about.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, very quickly. I'm looking to schedule the first working group for our upcoming hackathons next week. So if you're interested head over to the Discord and jump into the channel, so next week, we'll have our first working group call around planning our upcoming hackathons for the year.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you Adam.

Tyler Wright: again, I know there's a number of items that are community and marketing related that are being worked on this board. Does anyone have anything that they want to talk about specific to any of the projects on the committee and marketing initiatives anyone have any questions comments or anybody working on any of these items want to talk about them any further? Go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Yes, I'm ready to present the developer rewarding weekly. I don't know if you're referring that outlining.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Your connection is a little bit shaky. I can kind of hear you but I can hear a lot of background noise. So just be aware of that.

Tyler Wright: quickly, I believe what Robert's talking about is Robert and Benjamin cook. There was some Community funds available that they use for a pilot at the end of 2023 for a working group. pilot Zeal is a platform that is a developer Focus platform. They have a fair community and it's a developer onboarding platform Benjamin & Robert went through a pilot that was very successful and led them to put a discussion on GitHub for further programming. So again that item that pilot that took place in 2023 is now over everybody that participated in that pilot has been paid and I think there's a number of folks that are now members of the Discord and are sticking around and getting involved with some other projects. So again that item is now Mark complete.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the community or marketing initiatives that anybody wants to discuss in more detail at this time?

Tyler Wright: All right. If not then again. I might see a hand go ahead Andrew.

00:15:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just another question about the bounty board. I like it. I really do. There's just one thing that if we are going to push the bounty board to the community, let's say right so they can just Luke and share for the bounties. So how are they applying for that just under the Bounty hey, I'll take it and the Soul or how does this should work actually? That for example for three to five people work under the one bar. Let's say that's my question.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Scott, and then I can follow.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I just want to jump in so for that right the ideas for bounties can come from anywhere overclock comes up with them sigs working groups come up with them and then it's ideally like, It's not in the traditional sense of a bounty where you do this and then it's paid it, for some stuff where there's new more Nuance. We want to assign the right.

Scott Hewitson: Overclock Labs put up the proposal for the community support. So we're managing from that standpoint. so if you see something you just reach out either to me Ty whoever and we'll see if it's a good fit.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, but if there is two or five people reaching out to you on the same Bounty, picking the one who is eligible or how are you who is the judges who will get the last results?

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: The only thing I'll add is again we're trying to push as many folks into the sinks and working groups as possible. So if there are a number of people that are talking about a specific Bounty, I would create some time for those people to talk about their strategies at a sake of working group so that we can again hear these people get to know them at least a little bit as a community before even small amounts that we're handing out so there will be a slight process but the process will move significantly faster than folks trying to again put things on chain up for vote for small amounts.

Tyler Wright: cool All Next up on the agenda is active GitHub discussions again. We'll start with discussions that have been on for a long time. Hope everybody can see my page. I believe.

Tyler Wright: the last discussion that we talked about was from there was some conversations around new schema for provider attributes. I know we'll talk about that in a future Sig so we'll cover that a little bit later. But as a Neal mentioned one thing that's been talked about a great deal in Sig economics and in sync providers and has been on for a little while and has got a fair amount of discussion. A lot of discussion is the Akash Network GPU provider incentives.

Tyler Wright: I guess starting there. Does anybody have any specific items that they would like more clarity on or anything that hasn't been discussed already in the chain. I'll drop the chain in the chat for folks. But again folks should be reading up on all these discussions and really commenting prior to the steering committee so we could just talk about high level points. But does anyone have anything they want to talk about in terms of a cost Network GPU provider incentive?

Tyler Wright: function Go ahead chength.

Cheng Wang: If there's nothing just want to make a quick point of order, I think it's quite obvious. We updated the post last night. So there's fresh feedback that we've taken to account from the community which has been I think really good in productive that we incorporated into the latest edit of the post. So please if you read through the original post, this does have a lot more detail and incorporates a lot of what the community has mentioned us far. So, please do take a additional read over on this has changed from the op that was posted about a week ago.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's no further discussion on that then we'll continue on. with some other items looking at the list.

Tyler Wright: Artur I know there's a discussion in Discord around Noble usdc. this is discussion that we can continue to monitor async. We don't have to talk about it any further now and I know that this is discussion that a member of the validator community and put on and this is something that members of the core team and some other members of the community are actively working on so we'll continue to track this discussion. And again anybody can feel free to see what's going on inside moving on to some other discussions that again, I guess next up we can talk about the developer onboarding program via zeely again, there's been a working group that's been going on for

Tyler Wright: Maybe two months now, there's been a pilot that has gone on and I know that Benjamin & Robert inside is in vanguards have been leading this program. So I do want to pass it over to Benjamin & Robert to talk for maybe one minute at a high level about What the ask is from the community and why they think this program is impactful and then we can see if there's anybody from the community that wants to talk or has any questions and then we'll have more folks continue to give feedback here, but I'll hand it over to Benjamin if you want to talk very briefly about the developer onboarding program via zealy.

Benjamin B: Thank you, Tyler. Will you have the screen share or should I do it?

Tyler Wright: I'm sure you're right now, but I'm happy whatever you prefer.

Benjamin B: As long as you scroll down a little during when I go to the later Parts, it's fine. So basically what me and Robert has been doing since a few months back is that we have been using working group we have been trying to find a way to

Benjamin B: to educate people on a coach with missions which shows to use the platform Sealy and

Benjamin B: And we ask for funding during December I believe. We were able to get about it from the community pool. and we Created One Pilot and we did another.

Joao Luna: just

Benjamin B: And we've learned a lot from this.

Benjamin B: Basically we have Been able to reward users about free thousand dollars worth of AP for completing missions.

Benjamin B: we believe that the program has been very successful. I don't really know What people want to hear what you need explained or not? And I will also leave it to Robert's to explain more.

Tyler Wright: Cool, go ahead Robert andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: Thanks,â€¦

Tyler Wright: then Anil.

Joao Luna: Because okay.

Robert Del Rey: Benji. Let me know if you guys can hear me Sorry for the noise earlier.

Tyler Wright: forever Robert your background. I can still hear a little bit of background noise and I think if you continue to talk it might be hard for people to hear.

Tyler Wright: It might be easier a Neal. Do you have anything that you want to say? And then I have no problem being able to speak very on a high level about Zoe andâ€¦

Joao Luna: so that's

Tyler Wright: then having folks that might have questions or want to continue discussion and GitHub go. So a Leo. Do you want to go first because Robert it's a little bit hard to hear you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, So I guess really quickly. Could somebody talk about in terms ofâ€¦

Joao Luna: Okay.

Anil Murty: how long this has been running already or is it not started yet? And if it has been running for a while? Or I guess even if it's not started yet, what is kind of the plan to know if the people that do go through These missions end up sticking around versus just completing the mission then and then worrying about Akash again.

Benjamin B: I didn't take this question. So we have had the two pilots done, period of about one month

Benjamin B: We don't have any objective data on. Whether or not users has stuck around. However, we have had the other users mentioned that they have noticed people coming to understand staying in the community of skiing a bunch of questions.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Hi again, guys. Can you hear me better? Okay. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Robert Del Rey: Sorry about that guys. and Real quickly about feeling just to support a bit. But then you was talking about we've been doing this for I started by myself onagost 2023 and then Benji helped me decided to join the initiative and we kind of take it seriously around October 2023 and then after speaking with a score and Tyler we were able to get some funding for the pilot and about Sealy for those of you that don't know silly. It's a tool that helps you grow your community their promise is that doesn't matter. What is your community? You can create missions to make your community engaged with your project.

Robert Del Rey: So I've been using silly for a year and a half by now. I've been a member of Philly, but I also don't silly when I was working in a staking as a validator and we got great success growing up the community, but I wanted to do it differently because many projects were using silly just to engage on social media example go to Twitter and retweet this go to Twitter and our post go to Twitter and Share a threat. The approach we wanted to give was focused on a cash and we wanted to gave me five the developer process and let me explain a little more about that. We made missions to make people get started on a cache.

Robert Del Rey: The missions were really simple download a cash CLI interact with cloudmose run a GPU testnet provider. And create your own sdl image just to give you some examples. And during the month and something that we officially run the pilot around 76 people interacted with Out of those 76 people 48 were able to get to the second level and they got more Rewards. And out of those 40 something we got 15. People that were able to complete most of the missions. now

Robert Del Rey: with this pilot, we were able to learn more about Seeley. We were able to optimize the missions to make them more clear. And we were able to have clear instructions, right?

Robert Del Rey: the next step we want to do is we want to formalize this we want to now it's silly but could be something else right? We want to focus on onboarding developers. it doesn't matter if you're a beginner developer. If you're a system developer, we can create different set of missions depending of the need a cash has the cash Community has better said so the next step from now it's like Fine-tuning what's gonna be the best amount to reward to people to do those missions and what missions can we have? So these steps can build things that are useful for a cash.

Robert Del Rey: We have some cases that people did it for the first time we have also cases that it was one single household when the Big Brother helped the small brother to do the missions. And it was really fun for them. what we want to do is we want to continue doing the good stuff. But we want to use Sealy to recruit Talent as well. We want to create missions in a way that people can do them and based on the missions. we know where to assign those people if they do many missions about becoming a provider.

Robert Del Rey: Maybe they can be a good addition for the providers in a cache if they have deployments. They can be good additions for the deployments working group if that's a working group for if there are people that are very engaged with community building and content creation. We can have them to be a cash creators or a cash insiders and even vanguards. So the proposal there has the numbers.

00:30:00

Robert Del Rey: There is another document that has a graph so you can visualized the data better. That was a suggestion Adam left in the comments. I'm going through the suggestions and yeah, we basically wanted to bring this to you guys after nothing encouragement from Tyler and from Scott and from Fiverr. Thank you guys. I believe we reached to the point that now more people in the community can know about this but also can get involved and help us make these initiative better. We also included things like budget for pain for the working hours. And we also included boy get for the rewards. But again those things are up to this caution and that's why we went to bring this to a table today. I hope my explanation wasn't too long or too confusing. But yeah, that's the deal. We want to onboard developers to a cash We Believe silly.

Robert Del Rey: Outpost to do that and make it a game make it fun making challenging and we see a great opportunity to onboard people develop but also onboard people to be in other areas of a cash not only development like it's super broad the rich that we can have with silly. That's what I have to say for now.

Tyler Wright: I really appreciate that. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I really appreciate that explanation again, if anybody has any thing that they want to add please feel free to get involved in this discussion and then we'll take next steps there. There is a working group brazily that has been meeting pretty regularly. We'll set up the next meeting. And again, if anybody from the community wants to participate andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: just

Tyler Wright: get involved in the strategies work with around Sealy feel free to do but again want to make sure that Robert Can Benjamin had some time to talk with the community. And then we have about 25 minutes left. So I'm just like keeping my eye on the clock. Saw a hand up. Maybe it's not up anymore. Go ahead Alani.

Alani Kuye: Yeah, very quickly just 30 seconds. Robert awesome. I love that idea. I'm just very quick addition if there's a way to gamify sdxl because it's free to use and I've been playing a lot around a lot. I've been playing with it a lot just generate an images and all kinds of things and that's a great way that we can leverage that into marketing just reward we can all go vote for the coolest image just hashtag it with a caution and track that I think I mean, we have a hundred thousand followers, on Twitter alone in the thousand of them could go on. That's the excellent generate images and hashtag it. I think we can always give me fight just make it fun. I think it's a great idea of what you give me to give me fine and engage non-dabs because I can't remember the history is focusing on dance, but we got to think about the real humans out there that are trying to use a system. Unless Keep It Fun.

Tyler Wright: cool All right, if there's no other questions about the developer onboarding program via zeely, then we can continue on with other discussions. Moving along. I know there's been a couple of conversations around education. Some of them are newer than others. Is anybody here representing the educational ecosystem accelerator Grant proposal?

Tyler Wright: I would also ask that if anybody here has any education programs feel free to join the Sig Community which happens monthly and you can start to pitch some of these ideas here before again putting proposals on discussions. Anybody can feel free to put this proposed discussion up on GitHub, but it would be better if you talk to members of the community prior.

Tyler Wright: I do see Alani here, and I know that Alani put up a proposal. Again, if we could just talk at a high level about and I just asked this if anybody at the highest level about what's the problem that you're trying to solve the potential ask I know we could talk about theoretical all day, but I just want to make sure that everybody's crypto clear on. What's the problem being solved the ask and then we'll have folks that can continue this conversation and continue asking questions in the discussion thread. So Alani, I'll give you about a minute or so to talk about the cost network provider review and it's sent to the proposal.

00:35:00

Alani Kuye: I should only 30 seconds the objective here really is around dislodging. Deployer incentives from provider incentives and tackling it very differently. Because as I always say, most problems look like a nail if we're culturally accustomed to use in the hammer. On the other hand if there's no appetite for it and there's a belief that has been solved elsewhere and that's fine because my main objective here is to get this discussion started that perhaps in a two-sided Marketplace. We have to dislodge examine and solve for the other side of the marketplace in a different iteration. We can always look at the details. Obviously everything happens on chain, whether you're going in reviewing level one level two pulling all the data extrapolating into all the legal systems all that's there. So

Alani Kuye: input is always welcome. Like I said earlier if there's no appetite for it and you feel it's been done elsewhere totally fine, but at least we've talked about it.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any specific comments or questions related to this proposal that it might be better to talk about for a couple of minutes live that hasn't been talked about in the GitHub discussions.

Tyler Wright: cool

Tyler Wright: So I'm just reading through a little bit here cool if there's no discussions or nothing to anybody wants to talk about right now. I would just again urge that folks can continue to get involved in this discussion. And then maybe this is something that we talk about again during sick clients if there's not a lot of traction prior to that.

Tyler Wright: cool All right, are there any other participants here that have any active discussions that they want to talk about that haven't been discussed already?

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then again, I just ask that everybody continued to get involved in these discussions.

Tyler Wright: Everybody here knows that I'm all about pushing things forward. I hate when things say stagnant. So again, please get involved in these conversations from there that I can create action items and we can start to push these things forward. Go ahead Roger.

Rodrigo Rochin: hail I just wanted to remind you I share an idea about a possible provider building program I think it's a great way to onboard new providers higher quietly quality providers. And make the network more decentralized. I've been running a provider for about a year or year and a half now. I've been leasing some bps's On a centralized cloud provider, which I don't want to name.

Rodrigo Rochin: It just happens that yesterday one of the notes failed And it's down this probably wouldn't happen if we had a provider in our own. and I think like I said this could on board more people and just a great way to decentralize the network.

Tyler Wright: Thank you for bringing this up Raji. Go ahead Alan.

Alani Kuye: Very quickly just throwing this out. They had a left field if anyone is working on, a DNA Bank, on chain on a cost. I would gladly pay for it because I'm trying to inventor the DNA, if my bison about 35 of them coming from Wyoming soon. Let me know.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, Roger I appreciate you very much for bringing this conversation up. I know that this is something that myself and other members of the core team plan to be very interesting. I know that I reached out to you. So this is something that I want to at least Explore More. So again, if anybody else has any discussions or anything that they want to talk about related to a provider build program and what it could look like obviously Greg has been, acting this conversation kind of sharing the specs for the bill that he's been experimenting with

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Please we talked about this a bit in sick providers as well less last week. But if anybody or Susan this past week, but if anybody wants to get involved in discussion, please do so and again Rodrigo continue to work to see if it can at least they got an initial pilot for something like this.

Tyler Wright: Cool, are there any other active discussions anybody wants to talk about it or any other questions about any discussions that anybody wants to ask right now while we have a number of folks from the community and also the steering committee here?

Tyler Wright: Last item on the agenda is open discussion. Does anybody here have anything that is maybe pre discussion right now or any other topics that they want to bring up with the team that has already been talked about six working groups or anything that anybody wants to highlight right now with the number of folks from the community here.

Tyler Wright: I'll take that silence as we're all good and everybody's communicated everything they need to communicate. again much appreciated everybody's participation in joining today's call these steering committee's meet monthly on the last Thursday of each month, please take a look at Discord where you can get involved in various things and working groups. There's a calendar that you can see in GitHub where you can add yourself to any of the six working groups. If you want to follow along if you want to get more involved and you have need help adding things to your calendar, feel free to reach out to myself Huey or other members of the Vanguard inside our community so they can direct you. But again,

Tyler Wright: Let's appreciate everyone's participation and all the various six and working groups hoping for again with all the momentum around 2024 and around Akash Ai and all the things that we're going to be doing. Really hoping that more people continue to get involved. There's been a year of this open framework. There's been so many success stories for 2023. So hoping that just is a Snowball Effect and just continued to roll down hill with just more people getting involved more people just building on the network. So I see something in the chat for end user experience.

Tyler Wright: That's a maybe you can bring that to Sig design to start and then we can see if we need to create another Sig dcnorse. I'll reach out to you offline to start a conversation around that because I think that's very interesting. There's also a new user group that I think has got a little bit of traction as a recently around video games. I know a number of people run Minecraft servers on Akash and enjoy a number of other video game related efforts. So if anybody's interested in video games and using Akash, feel free to join that User Group, which is in Discord.

Tyler Wright: There's other topics dcnorse. I appreciate you bringing that up and Thank you everybody for their participation today. I'll follow up with notes transcript and recording for folks over the next day or so. And again, if anybody has any questions about anything get involved in Discord get involved in these discussions, make your voice heard what things go on chain and vote join a cig and a working group. There's so many ways to get involved, look for a bounty. So, please please look to get stay involved. And if you have any questions concerns, feel free to reach out to myself or anybody from the vanguards admin or insiders and we'll direct Hope everybody has a great rest of their day. Thank you all again. Talk soon. Goodbye.

Cheng Wang: Thanks, everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:45:21 ðŸ‘‹
