sig-economics/README.md, before:

---
title: "Economics Special Interest Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG)

## Meetings

Meetings happen every [First Wednesday of the Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wednesday, February 1, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/1-2023-02-01.md) | [Link](meetings/1-2023-02-01.md#transcript) | [Link](https://2fcdf3q4tmqictuygtzlcutkagumlk7z2bayh3ren5x3hbp5el7a.arweave.net/0UQy7hybIIFOmDTysVJqAajFq_nQQYPuJG9vs4X9Iv4)
| #2 | Wednesday, March 1, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | |  |


## Leadership

### Project Leads

* Greg Osuri, CEO Overclock Labs
* Adam Bozanich, CTO Overclock Labs
* Cheng Wang, CFO Overclock Labs

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752068907044985/1069627540509036686)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-economics participates in or contributes to:

Commit message:

sig-economics: add description & links to README
Signed-off-by: Hewi <121134490+heyhewi@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-economics/README.md, after:

---
title: "Economics Special Interest Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG)

The goal of this SIG is to ensure that AKT, the utility token of Akash Network, is used in ways to incentivize long-term, sustainable growth of the network. This can include but is not limited to incentivizing engineering development, provider onboarding, community efforts, and security budget.
## Meetings

Meetings happen every [First Wednesday of the Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wednesday, February 1, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-02-01.md) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-02-01.md#transcript) | [Link](https://2fcdf3q4tmqictuygtzlcutkagumlk7z2bayh3ren5x3hbp5el7a.arweave.net/0UQy7hybIIFOmDTysVJqAajFq_nQQYPuJG9vs4X9Iv4)
| #2 | Wednesday, March 1, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/002-2023-03-01.md) | [Link](meetings/002-2023-03-01.md#transcript) | [Link](https://vuyt47n5ybxp7xreixfqbigow2sl46sfhjtzbvpr4alcorbnimxa.arweave.net/rTE-fb3Abv_eJEXLAKDOtqS-ekU6Z5DV8eAWJ0QtQy4)


## Leadership

### Project Leads

* Greg Osuri, CEO Overclock Labs
* Adam Bozanich, CTO Overclock Labs
* Cheng Wang, CFO Overclock Labs

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752068907044985/1069627540509036686)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-economics participates in or contributes to:

- [wg-economics-2.0](../wg-economics-2.0)
