sig-clients/README.md, before:

---
title: "Clients Special Interest Group"
key: "sig-clients"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG)

## Meetings

Meetings happen every [Third Wednesday of the Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)



| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wednesday, January 18, 2023 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-19.md) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-19.md#transcript) | [Link](https://j62h6g4vuygradhil2eeape3a6ojy6vf2ty2orv66m5f6kprsqja.arweave.net/T7R_G5WmDRAM6F6IQDybB5yceqXU8adGvvM6XynxlBI)

## Leadership

### Product Lead(s)

- Greg Osuri (@gosuri)

### Tech Lead(s)

- Joseph Tary (@jtary)

### Project Manager(s)

- Anil Murty (@anilmurty)

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751273545375774/1065035088267575367)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-clients participates in or contributes to

- [Cloudmos Deploy](cloudmos-deploy)
- [Akash Console](cloudmos-deploy)
- [Client Libraries](client-libraries)

Commit message:

Add folders for ALL known clients; update readmes

sig-clients/README.md, after:

---
title: "Clients Special Interest Group"
key: "sig-clients"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG)

Akash Network Clients are software and services that make it easier for tenants of all types to deploy on to Akash Providers. The AKash Network community has built and supports the following deployment clients at this time:

- [Akash Console](akash-console/README.md)
- [AKash Command Line Interface](akash-cli/README.md)
- [Client Libraries](client-libraries/README.md) (for various programming languages)
- [Cloudmos Deploy](cloudmos-deploy/README.md)
- [Fleek](fleek/README.md)
- [Spheron](spheron/README.md)
- [Terraform Provider](terraform-provider/README.md)

The goal of this SIG is to foster a community around each of these clients that is focused on building a roadmap for each client, capturing feedback from users, resolving issues and driving adoption of the clients. Each of these clients cater to specific Akash Network user segments and as such, drive the north star metric of driving deployemtns on Akash Network as a whole.

## Meetings

Meetings happen every [Third Wednesday of the Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)



| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wednesday, January 18, 2023 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-19.md) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-19.md#transcript) | [Link](https://j62h6g4vuygradhil2eeape3a6ojy6vf2ty2orv66m5f6kprsqja.arweave.net/T7R_G5WmDRAM6F6IQDybB5yceqXU8adGvvM6XynxlBI)

## Leadership

### Product Lead(s)

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs (@anilmurty) - Akash Console
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs (@gosuri) - Akash CLI
- Joao Luna, Quasarch (@cloud-j-luna) - Terraform Provider, Client Libraries
- Maxime Beauchamp, Cloudmos (baktun14) - Cloudmos Deploy
- Prashant Maurya, Spheron Network () - Spheron

### Tech Lead(s)

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs (@boz)
- Joao Luna, Quasarch (@cloud-j-luna)
- Joseph Tary, Overclock Labs (@jtary)
- Maxime Beauchamp, Cloudmos (baktun14)

### Program Manager(s)

- Tyler Wright (@brewsterdrinkwater)

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751273545375774/1065035088267575367)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-clients participates in or contributes to

- [Client Libraries](wg-cllient-libraries)
