committee-steering/README.md, before:

---
title: "Steering Committee"
key: "committee-steering"
date: 2023-1-26T00:20:10-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Steering Committee (SC)

The Steering Committee is a special SIG that periodically evaluates the list of projects, prioritizes/adds/removes items and decides which SIG or WG is best suited to tackle the project. The Steering Committee also regularly meets to incorporate learnings to improve how the Akash Network community operates and will perform conflict resolution as necessary.

## Meetings

### Meetings usaully happen [on the last Thursday of each Month at 11am Pacific Time](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

| Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Thursday, January 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-26.md) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-26.md#transcript) | [Link](https://2enqenxqycj4n5z5x5rcir63jecu4gi3bwlznldrswzemmqnanrq.arweave.net/0RsCNvDAk8b3Pb9iJEfbSQVOGRsNl5ascZWyRjINA2M)
| Thursday, February 23, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/002-2023-02-23.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/002-2023-02-23.md#transcript) | [Link](https://itizumwznjvmnc76rwwmatmahfdmiu4e62y2cb4yt4fqcvf4dq6q.arweave.net/RNGaMtlqasaL_o2swE2AOUbEU4T2saEHmJ8LAVS8HD0)
| Tuesday, March 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/003-2023-03-28.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/003-2023-03-28.md#transcript) | [Link](https://hnikzwcoj3nzztkcpgmllozmwxt5wl62h7cswhzzylm7ozoiy4za.arweave.net/O1Cs2E5O25zNQnmYtbsstefbL9o_xSsfOcLZ92XIxzI)
| Thursday, May 04, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/004-2023-05-04.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/004-2023-05-04.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://mxbrl3erpoqav3rftxthzdsonor7b5k25zd3askk3fk5ke26fida.arweave.net/ZcMV7JF7oAruJZ3mfI5Oa6Pw9VruR7BJStlV1RNeKgY) 
| Thursday, May 25, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/005-2023-05-25.md)   | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/005-2023-05-25.md#transcript) | [Link](https://gx6ojxwsudf2y42om4rpsotbbyd2iluasgkfrudrr4b6ktdirxvq.arweave.net/Nfzk3tKgy6xzTmci-TphDgekLoCRlFjQcY8D5Uxojes)
| Thursday, June 29, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/006-2023-06-25.md)    |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/006-2023-06-29.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://n6o6hg3bmrlh53cz6ykmpokamvnzgusa3vycwvbr4vxmamusuh5q.arweave.net/b53jm2FkVn7sWfYUx7lAZVuTUkDdcCtUMeVuwDKSofs)
| Thursday, July 27, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/007-2023-07-27.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/007-2023-07-27.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://2uw2d6ylfq3v2btiav5izgx4kvsgcc2s72bb5vvymb5byck4jsca.arweave.net/1S2h-wssN10GaAV6jJr8VWRhC1L-gh7WuGB6HAlcTIQ)
| Wednesday, August 30, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/008-2023-08-30.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/008-2023-08-30.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://6bmxztaobmi5ox6n3nv5f6hgz7cwn7y7qxkp7ureegcbxswq4yxa.arweave.net/8Fl8zA4LEddfzdtr0vjmz8Vm_x-F1P_SJCGEG8rQ5i4)
| Thursday, September 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/009-2023-09-28.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/009-2023-09-28.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://bw2dirmu4darmwcx74o24hzfkjzs7f33grrc5rdihgysff4kxyta.arweave.net/DbQ0RZTgwRZYV_8drh8lUnMvl3s0Yi7EaDmxIpeKviY)
| Wednesday, November 1, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/010-2023-11-01.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/010-2023-11-01.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://4yrnmjlm3nco2ccfkbkv67s6cfgvgrge7op5dfwnv6gn46mueqxa.arweave.net/5iLWJWzbRO0IRVBVX35eEU1TRMT7n9GWza-M3nmUJC4)
| Thursday, December 07, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/011-2023-12-07.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/011-2023-12-07.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://k6mud4r2ua6xarj6c5zqtkxw6fzjrvzjzu6eotsyhsmotles2gaq.arweave.net/V5lB8jqgPXBFPhdzCar28XKY1ynNPEdOWDyY6ayS0YE)
| Thursday, January 25, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/012-2024-01-25.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/012-2024-01-25.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://uh4qrdp5wsvzihnnh7m7conzwkllrei4xawnfsohgjmp5qpjberq.arweave.net/ofkIjf20q5QdrT_Z8Tm5spa4kRy4LNLJxzJY_sHpCSM)
| Thursday, March 7th, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/013-2024-03-07.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/013-2024-03-07.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://aqjulyegruxs4xdwltfkkxqieagkmqc7dcbewovdw2wk7tj72hka.arweave.net/BBNF4IaNLy5cdlzKpV4IIAymQF8Ygks6o7asr80_0dQ)
| Thursday, March 28, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/014-2024-03-28.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/014-2024-03-28.md#transcript)|[Link](https://4wprt5kys3oxjr7ihtu2jgx6mshwts7gzsiv2pfr4qypgrp2xywa.arweave.net/5Z8Z9ViW3XTH6DzppJr-ZI9py-bMkV08seQw80X6viw)
| Thursday, May 02, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/015-2024-05-02.md) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/015-2024-05-02.md#transcript) |[Link](https://s7ymsn3qwdtyyfd5tyjshf4r7a5ticrqhgf7nzpllkmf76gnqmpa.arweave.net/l_DJN3Cw54wUfZ4TI5eR-Ds0CjA5i_bl61qYX_jNgx4)
| Thursday, June 06, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/016-2024-06-06.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/016-2024-06-06.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://capv32vqn7vrb5u3qvsjn3n6y6swnjkba32ukvydflmqqhrxbswa.arweave.net/EB9d6rBv6xD2m4Vklu2-x6VmpUEG9UVXAyrZCB43DKw)
| Thursday, June 27, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/017-2024-06-27.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/017-2024-06-27.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://upv27tytyope2fseqvgnnre2au6nmmo65bs2c2fvuxtohsr5bpjq.arweave.net/o-uvzxPDnk0WRIVM1sSaBTzWMd7oZaFotaXm48o9C9M)
| Thursday, July 25, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/018-2024-07-25.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/018-2024-07-25.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://vowukrgkuwsl7fdoune7kqruamcwsbhm7bh4aic6dse6vyussagq.arweave.net/q61FRMqlpL-UbqNJ9UI0AwVpBOz4T8AgXhyJ6uKSkA0)
| Thursday, August 29, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/019-2024-08-29.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/019-2024-08-29.md#transcript)|[Link](https://7rl44hv4pys2lipofrsxd22xmnvysihwvhfn3lttrx6w47u67w5q.arweave.net/_FfOHrx-JaWh7ixlcetXY2uJIPapyt2uc439bn6e_bs)
| Thursday, September 26, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/020-2024-09-26.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/020-2024-09-26.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://otgpsa4db4kpmdhoccmt3giweyqevheemhwjovjfmva2vrsjgtsq.arweave.net/dMz5A4MPFPYM7hCZPZkWJiBKnIRh7JdVJWVBqsZJNOU)
| Thursday, October 31, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/021-2024-10-31.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/021-2024-10-31.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://h5r73bah365pqfr4x62x5sdut5px4wpprsnd6lu2hcej3x42jkxa.arweave.net/P2P9hAffuvgWPL-1fsh0n19-We-Mmj8umjiInd-aSq4)
| Thursday, December 05, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/022-2024-12-05.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/022-2024-12-05.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://xkr2kbywumiw7y7cclz2z7uorfwxdwm6gsx4kvqqt3uy4qeirjya.arweave.net/uqOlBxajEW_j4hLzrP6OiW1x2Z40r8VWEJ7pjkCIinA)
| Thursday, January 09, 2025 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |   |  |
| Thursday, January 30, 2025 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |   |  |


### Typical Agenda

- Review/ discuss/ address any community feedback, greviances or conflicts.
- Review [Akash Project Boards](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects) and prioritize/ add/ remove if necessary.
- Review any new [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
  - Since we're limited on time, discussion topics and proposals will be chosen based on the following criteria:
      1. When was the discussion topic created? (older ones that have not been discussed in SC yet get priority)
      2. Has there been discussions in the specific SIG that it applies to? (for example - incentives in sig-provider, spheron stuff in sig-clients etc). SC shouldn't be spending time on ones that haven't been discussed in the respective sigs.
      3. What level of engagement has there been on the discussion thread itself? (ones with higher engagement should be prioritized over others).
      4. Is the champion of the initiative on this call? (not being there to talk about your proposal means we don't spend time on it).
      5. Is the champion someone who is currently active in the community? (generally priority to people that actively participate in other discussions as well is discord and sig/ wg calls)
- Open up the floor to any other questions from the participants.
- Look ahead at special interests groups (sigs) and working groups (wgs) for the following month. 

## Steering Committee 

The Steering Commitee is initially comprised of the following members who have the most familiarity with Akash Network but the meetings are public and anyone is welcome to attend and listen-in.

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

Commit message:

steering committee Update README.md
updated typos
added next meeting to the top of the table for easy viewing.

Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

committee-steering/README.md, after:

---
title: "Steering Committee"
key: "committee-steering"
date: 2023-1-26T00:20:10-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Steering Committee (SC)

The Steering Committee is a special SIG that periodically evaluates the list of projects, prioritizes/adds/removes items and decides which SIG or WG is best suited to tackle the project. The Steering Committee also regularly meets to incorporate learnings to improve how the Akash Network community operates and will perform conflict resolution as necessary.

## Meetings

### Meetings usually happen [on the last Thursday of each Month at 11am Pacific Time](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

### Next Meeting: January 30th, 2025

| Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Thursday, January 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-26.md) | [Link](meetings/001-2023-01-26.md#transcript) | [Link](https://2enqenxqycj4n5z5x5rcir63jecu4gi3bwlznldrswzemmqnanrq.arweave.net/0RsCNvDAk8b3Pb9iJEfbSQVOGRsNl5ascZWyRjINA2M)
| Thursday, February 23, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/002-2023-02-23.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/002-2023-02-23.md#transcript) | [Link](https://itizumwznjvmnc76rwwmatmahfdmiu4e62y2cb4yt4fqcvf4dq6q.arweave.net/RNGaMtlqasaL_o2swE2AOUbEU4T2saEHmJ8LAVS8HD0)
| Tuesday, March 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/003-2023-03-28.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/003-2023-03-28.md#transcript) | [Link](https://hnikzwcoj3nzztkcpgmllozmwxt5wl62h7cswhzzylm7ozoiy4za.arweave.net/O1Cs2E5O25zNQnmYtbsstefbL9o_xSsfOcLZ92XIxzI)
| Thursday, May 04, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/004-2023-05-04.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/004-2023-05-04.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://mxbrl3erpoqav3rftxthzdsonor7b5k25zd3askk3fk5ke26fida.arweave.net/ZcMV7JF7oAruJZ3mfI5Oa6Pw9VruR7BJStlV1RNeKgY) 
| Thursday, May 25, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/005-2023-05-25.md)   | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/005-2023-05-25.md#transcript) | [Link](https://gx6ojxwsudf2y42om4rpsotbbyd2iluasgkfrudrr4b6ktdirxvq.arweave.net/Nfzk3tKgy6xzTmci-TphDgekLoCRlFjQcY8D5Uxojes)
| Thursday, June 29, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/006-2023-06-25.md)    |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/006-2023-06-29.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://n6o6hg3bmrlh53cz6ykmpokamvnzgusa3vycwvbr4vxmamusuh5q.arweave.net/b53jm2FkVn7sWfYUx7lAZVuTUkDdcCtUMeVuwDKSofs)
| Thursday, July 27, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/007-2023-07-27.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/007-2023-07-27.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://2uw2d6ylfq3v2btiav5izgx4kvsgcc2s72bb5vvymb5byck4jsca.arweave.net/1S2h-wssN10GaAV6jJr8VWRhC1L-gh7WuGB6HAlcTIQ)
| Wednesday, August 30, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/008-2023-08-30.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/008-2023-08-30.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://6bmxztaobmi5ox6n3nv5f6hgz7cwn7y7qxkp7ureegcbxswq4yxa.arweave.net/8Fl8zA4LEddfzdtr0vjmz8Vm_x-F1P_SJCGEG8rQ5i4)
| Thursday, September 28, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/009-2023-09-28.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/009-2023-09-28.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://bw2dirmu4darmwcx74o24hzfkjzs7f33grrc5rdihgysff4kxyta.arweave.net/DbQ0RZTgwRZYV_8drh8lUnMvl3s0Yi7EaDmxIpeKviY)
| Wednesday, November 1, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/010-2023-11-01.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/010-2023-11-01.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://4yrnmjlm3nco2ccfkbkv67s6cfgvgrge7op5dfwnv6gn46mueqxa.arweave.net/5iLWJWzbRO0IRVBVX35eEU1TRMT7n9GWza-M3nmUJC4)
| Thursday, December 07, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/011-2023-12-07.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/011-2023-12-07.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://k6mud4r2ua6xarj6c5zqtkxw6fzjrvzjzu6eotsyhsmotles2gaq.arweave.net/V5lB8jqgPXBFPhdzCar28XKY1ynNPEdOWDyY6ayS0YE)
| Thursday, January 25, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/012-2024-01-25.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/012-2024-01-25.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://uh4qrdp5wsvzihnnh7m7conzwkllrei4xawnfsohgjmp5qpjberq.arweave.net/ofkIjf20q5QdrT_Z8Tm5spa4kRy4LNLJxzJY_sHpCSM)
| Thursday, March 7th, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/013-2024-03-07.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/013-2024-03-07.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://aqjulyegruxs4xdwltfkkxqieagkmqc7dcbewovdw2wk7tj72hka.arweave.net/BBNF4IaNLy5cdlzKpV4IIAymQF8Ygks6o7asr80_0dQ)
| Thursday, March 28, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/014-2024-03-28.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/014-2024-03-28.md#transcript)|[Link](https://4wprt5kys3oxjr7ihtu2jgx6mshwts7gzsiv2pfr4qypgrp2xywa.arweave.net/5Z8Z9ViW3XTH6DzppJr-ZI9py-bMkV08seQw80X6viw)
| Thursday, May 02, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/015-2024-05-02.md) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/015-2024-05-02.md#transcript) |[Link](https://s7ymsn3qwdtyyfd5tyjshf4r7a5ticrqhgf7nzpllkmf76gnqmpa.arweave.net/l_DJN3Cw54wUfZ4TI5eR-Ds0CjA5i_bl61qYX_jNgx4)
| Thursday, June 06, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/016-2024-06-06.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/016-2024-06-06.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://capv32vqn7vrb5u3qvsjn3n6y6swnjkba32ukvydflmqqhrxbswa.arweave.net/EB9d6rBv6xD2m4Vklu2-x6VmpUEG9UVXAyrZCB43DKw)
| Thursday, June 27, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/017-2024-06-27.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/017-2024-06-27.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://upv27tytyope2fseqvgnnre2au6nmmo65bs2c2fvuxtohsr5bpjq.arweave.net/o-uvzxPDnk0WRIVM1sSaBTzWMd7oZaFotaXm48o9C9M)
| Thursday, July 25, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/018-2024-07-25.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/018-2024-07-25.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://vowukrgkuwsl7fdoune7kqruamcwsbhm7bh4aic6dse6vyussagq.arweave.net/q61FRMqlpL-UbqNJ9UI0AwVpBOz4T8AgXhyJ6uKSkA0)
| Thursday, August 29, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/019-2024-08-29.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/019-2024-08-29.md#transcript)|[Link](https://7rl44hv4pys2lipofrsxd22xmnvysihwvhfn3lttrx6w47u67w5q.arweave.net/_FfOHrx-JaWh7ixlcetXY2uJIPapyt2uc439bn6e_bs)
| Thursday, September 26, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/020-2024-09-26.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/020-2024-09-26.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://otgpsa4db4kpmdhoccmt3giweyqevheemhwjovjfmva2vrsjgtsq.arweave.net/dMz5A4MPFPYM7hCZPZkWJiBKnIRh7JdVJWVBqsZJNOU)
| Thursday, October 31, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/021-2024-10-31.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/021-2024-10-31.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://h5r73bah365pqfr4x62x5sdut5px4wpprsnd6lu2hcej3x42jkxa.arweave.net/P2P9hAffuvgWPL-1fsh0n19-We-Mmj8umjiInd-aSq4)
| Thursday, December 05, 2024 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/022-2024-12-05.md)   |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/committee-steering/meetings/022-2024-12-05.md#transcript)  |[Link](https://xkr2kbywumiw7y7cclz2z7uorfwxdwm6gsx4kvqqt3uy4qeirjya.arweave.net/uqOlBxajEW_j4hLzrP6OiW1x2Z40r8VWEJ7pjkCIinA)
| Thursday, January 09, 2025 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |   |  |
| Thursday, January 30, 2025 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |   |  |


### Typical Agenda

- Review/ discuss/ address any community feedback, greviances or conflicts.
- Review [Akash Project Boards](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects) and prioritize/ add/ remove if necessary.
- Review any new [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions).
  - Since we're limited on time, discussion topics and proposals will be chosen based on the following criteria:
      1. When was the discussion topic created? (older ones that have not been discussed in SC yet get priority)
      2. Has there been discussions in the specific SIG that it applies to? (for example - incentives in sig-provider, spheron stuff in sig-clients etc). SC shouldn't be spending time on ones that haven't been discussed in the respective sigs.
      3. What level of engagement has there been on the discussion thread itself? (ones with higher engagement should be prioritized over others).
      4. Is the champion of the initiative on this call? (not being there to talk about your proposal means we don't spend time on it).
      5. Is the champion someone who is currently active in the community? (generally priority to people that actively participate in other discussions as well is discord and sig/ wg calls)
- Open up the floor to any other questions from the participants.
- Look ahead at special interests groups (sigs) and working groups (wgs) for the following month. 

## Steering Committee 

The Steering Commitee is initially comprised of the following members who have the most familiarity with Akash Network but the meetings are public and anyone is welcome to attend and listen-in.

- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs
