
<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Title</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Key</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Date</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Contributors</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Analytics Sig Meeting #1
   </td>
   <td>sig-analytics-meeting-1
   </td>
   <td>2023-02-09 17:00:00 UTC
   </td>
   <td>Anil Murty | Jin Lim | Artur Troian | Tyler Wright | Max Beauchamp | Joao Luna | Denis Lelic
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
 

### **Pre-meeting Brainstorming**

Provided by Anil Murty - https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/54

### **Agenda**

- Discuss PRD on high level questions that need to be answered to identify user and provider growth, activation and retention metrics, and general network usage over time.
- Understand findings about data collection from Cloudmos team and Praetor Team


### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, February 08, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ftbwz3nd2i3gjhmsgiwot2x4mah6mkzvkuztdh3thyaughvd36aq.arweave.net/LMNs7aPSNmSdkjIs6er8YA_mKzVVMzGfcz4BQx6j34E)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

**Participants**

- Anil Murty (Overclock Labs)
- Jin Lim (Overclock Labs)
- Artur Troian (Overclock Labs)
- Tyler Wright (Overclock Labs)
- Max Beauchamp (Cloudmos)
- Joao Luna (quasearch)
- Denis Lelic (Overclock Labs)

# **Notes**

(with support from Jin Lim)

## **Key Friction Points**

- **Historical provider stats cannot be queried:** To receive provider stats, one needs to directly query live providers and that data needs to be stored to have a clear image of how network capacity/features grow over time. May be beneficial to break down working groups into on-chain data (network usage) and off-chain data (providers). Strive for a standardized way of publicly displaying metrics and providing data so theyâ€™re consistent at all reporting locations.
- **Lack of visibility on retention:** If a user gets bids back but never sends a manifest, there is no way to know that from the chain perspective. The workaround is to look at if the provider subsequently closed the bid.
- **Lack of database:** No option for a robust publicly available database for on-chain data.

### **Potential Solutions**

- Joao Luna and team have implemented a caching service on top of praetor that is able to implement an SLA of sorts for a given provider
- Spec out a data base schema for on-chain data
- Cloudmos is considering open sourcing their indexer and will let the group know an answer at a later date.
- Jin Lim mentioed leveraging[ https://numia.xyz/](https://numia.xyz/) as a temporary data source for on-chain data.
- Superfish (discord user) has built an indexer for Secret (secretanalytics.xyz) and considering rewriting a nicer, more efficient version that can handle chain upgrades. Currently discussing potential indexing of Akash Network.

#### **Action Items**

- Jin is going to submit a database schema.
- Superfish (discord user) volunteerd to begin creating indexer for Akash.
- General community discussion on options for open data can continue on [Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751220411945000/1073288229819793499)



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right. Well, welcome to the first Sig-analytics monthly meeting. I know that Anil put um, a discussion which I'm going to put in the chat um as rotates to what we were to be talking about the first second meeting. But without further ado, I'll pass off to Anil to get us started.

Anil Murty: Yeah, thanks. Tyler. Everyone. So yeah, Tyler said for the very first meeting given that this is a very first time we're meeting to talk about analytics. What I figured we might help to do is rather than Pratt hoarding and going down the rabbit hole of you know talking about how to pull a specific metric or how to store the data and way to store it. And get into the details of the, you know, where in the how I figured it'll be nice to start with a higher level you or I level set of questions on what exactly are we trying to achieve? And why do we want to pull a certain type of data? And so I what I did is I put a discussion. Trade ahead of this meeting last week. I don't know if people have had a chance to look at it yet but if not, I'm gonna share it right now on the screen as well.

Anil Murty:  And what I was hoping we could do is we could go if people have a chance to get it right now, or if they literate before, we just go through this and see, you know, does this overall structure make sense to people? Are there things that have missed in this high level? And and then once we've done that, maybe we can switch and talk about, you know, what are some solutions that exist today? What can we do in terms of getting some of this data assuming that they agree on these problems? Does that sound like a good plan?

Anil Murty: Thanks. Alright. So, just going through this, I'm assuming that most people haven't seen it. So I'm just gonna go what it really quickly. You did. Is I, Looked like Max's joining as well. Hey, Max.

Denis Lelic: You.

Anil Murty:  Welcome to the SIG. I guess he's just joining Max.

Anil Murty:  Imus. Yeah, so we were just talking about. We just sort of kicking off and talking about the plan for today and whatever suggesting we do is we rather than talking about specific implementations or

Anil Murty:  You know how to get a certain type of data right up front. Let's first focus on just talking about the kinds of questions. We want to answer and the reasons for why we want them. And so this discussion thread that I started was kind of intended to do that, so it's just gonna go with it. Go with it really quickly. Basically, what I've done is, I've taken I've asked around for the types of questions that people have in their minds, when they think about analytics, both internally within o'clock and externally as well. And then I also looked at what Max and Cloud most have done, as well as some other solutions out there and try to bucket them into two, maybe three buckets of, of data of questions here. And that's what you're looking at. So,

Anil Murty:  The very first type of question is basically around network usage and I think this is derived data, that max you already pulled into the Cloud Moss, Interface Web interface. So this is just around, you know, how was the growth and deployments for being over time? How much Kkt was spent, how many liters were created? How many of those are active? And then I added another, which is How many contributions did we get over this repository? Because I look at that as sort of an indirect metric for growth in the network as well. Any thoughts on that? Before we before continue on with the others.

Anil Murty:  Origin.

Anil Murty: Do you have a question?

Anil Murty:  Noise. Hey, Luna. Good.

Joao Luna: Would we count a third party? systems, but that are like, Important to the cash network into those these metrics or, for instance,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Joao Luna: the many, how many contributors you get on our open source repositories over time is only related to a cash network? I organization on Github.

Anil Murty: yes, I was actually suggesting that we do consider that as well and I enjoy talking about like for potential like potentially like number of forks, that sort of thing right basically metrics around the Github, repositories

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: What?

Joao Luna: I mean, not only Forex but like Cloud Moscodes our cash terriform provider client. Libraries that might not be on the akash network, the operators stuff that kind of is part of the network. Should it be measured?

Anil Murty:  Oh absolutely. Yeah, I think Yes I'm less. You know people disagree. I think absolutely should be considered as part of this. In fact, I mean, we welcome anybody that wants to move the repository to under our custom network, as well. That's something that people are willing to do

Denis Lelic: If?

Anil Murty:  Nothing. Great question. Actually, what I'll do is Alex notes as well as we go. So notes. From.

Anil Murty: If?

Anil Murty:  And the question talks.

Anil Murty:  Pretty cool. So the next set of metrics I had was around providers and growth of tracking the growth of providers over time. So again here, just looking at the total number of active providers in the network over time. And then also the total number of providers because you know we know that every so often people spin up a provider and then sometimes they're doing it just for the sake of a test. Sometimes they're doing it because they sometimes they spin it down because they realize that it's not profitable for them or something like that. And so having this information is also useful I think And then, of course, you just overall. How's the capacity changing over time? Are we getting? You know, sort of equal amount of storage providers, for example, as we do compute and and how is that trending over time and then any metrics in terms of the average uptime for the providers,

Anil Murty:  and then these, the next one, here is a question that actually came up from change who's was our CFO and one of the questions he had was Do we have any way of knowing whether the providers are drawing funds or the escrow, like how often do they draw them? And you know, that will potentially guide some features around notifying providers when they have funds that they can withdraw so that they don't get affected by volatility as much. So those kinds of things And then after that, the library last one here I have is every so often we release features that are sort of one-offs. So there may be certain providers that support this feature and some that don't Iplease is a good example of that. And we want ideally, we want people, we want to be growing sort of the number of providers that can support these new features. And so looking at the number of matrix around that is probably good ideas. Well,

Anil Murty:  I bought they received there's any thoughts or questions around any of these.

Anil Murty: Good night.

Max: Yes. Hey just to well, an observation I guess. Cuz Initially, we wanted to track like the compute memory storage capacity of providers over time, but Well, it's feasible. It's just that you can't really go back in time to do it because it's not unchained. And you have to query the providers to get that data. So, If we were to do it, you'd have to do it from like, two days, for example, and it would start recording his. Historical data from today. Same. Well, it could be done for like providers created over time. But I'm not sure about the

Max:  like the active status providers over time because that also is a queried from the provider and points.

Anil Murty: Got it. I see.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: You.

Anil Murty: Position metric and the monetization metric over here. And I only worried about activation and retention for now. But as curious if people had other thoughts, but just in terms of activation and retention the questions, I could think of were, you know, how many new account series period of time. How many users started a deployment but never completed. So these are people that, you know, kind of it maybe tried to start deploying using some client. Doesn't matter which client it is. And but never actually completed a full deployment in order. You know, running workload somewhere. And then how many of them actually successfully deployed the first time? And then of those people that deploy successfully for the first time, How many times? How many of them come back? Average often and come back. And this is kind of the retention which whether author

Artur Troian: Yeah, there's just one more point to the Presentation matrix. So the issue is Let's say user sends deployment gets beats and manifest and for some reason just doesn't admit sorry. It's a great slee is but for some reason forgets or doesn't submit send manifest to the provider. Um, there is no way from chain perspective to know that the send manifest has happened. Because of our As far as I remember, provider will close, at least if manifest. Is not received within nothing 15 minutes.

Denis Lelic: Here.

Artur Troian: so that can be considered as a sort of You know, that tenant did not. Go through the entire department procedure.

Artur Troian:  So yeah, if provider closes, not the least but provider closes bead.

Denis Lelic: Here.

Denis Lelic: You.

Anil Murty: Yeah, thanks Artur. I think it does, but we should dig into this little more. When we talk about the implementation of this maxi were mentioning that you were talking about Stats. So just to make sure I understand when you said Stats, you're talking about basically, The stacks on the resources available from the network, right?

Max: And I was talking about the provider stats. Maybe I'm just

Anil Murty: yeah, provide I think As in capacity, right? Amount of amount of compute.

Max:  Yeah. Yeah.

Anil Murty: So, yeah, same thing, yeah.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: I think we have the provider has the public these status endpoint of the provider you can? Query and see how much.

Max: Yeah, yeah. What I was talking about was the historical data?

Artur Troian: Each resource that.

Artur Troian: Oh yeah, well yeah that's that's actually good quote. I think the best way for that will be to have some sort of We we have, I believe produce. Accounts for that. And the idea is that the Prometheus should actually scrape provider status, and it should be stored in the,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Artur Troian: like, in the previous or whatever else. It's not actually the providers job to as a service to store the metrics. it just provides some point to scrape them and they should distort somewhere else and I think that Prometheus is the best um, at least like from current stage with the best way to store them.

Artur Troian: And yeah, we already have the Prometheus counts for all.

Denis Lelic: If?

Artur Troian: I believe. All the resources we provide it doesn't mean the ideal We may want to refer to them once again.

Anil Murty: Got it.

Anil Murty:  Makes sense. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, so we're talking about the activation and retention metrics. Some of the other things I could think of would, what clients are using to deploy our clients, our users use to reply across the different options that we have.

Denis Lelic: Here.

Anil Murty: How many? So, if we did a marketing campaign and this is a little bit in the acquisition area, but, you know, depending on How we consider it. But essentially if you know, our marketing team is running a campaign to try to attract people, towards Akash, being able to know how successful that campaign was in terms of getting people to actually connect their wallets that kind of information.

Denis Lelic: Here.

Anil Murty: And then, the average spend police. And then sort of tying back to these, this provider metric around special resources or special features, how much usage are those getting from the, from the tenant so that we can know whether given feature with successful or whether it was useful to the times. and and then the average size of the resources requested, And then the last is the types of workloads running on these providers. So again related to, you know, to understand what sort of features we should be building.

Anil Murty:  Any other thoughts on any of that?

Artur Troian: And he'll just real quick by clients. Do you mean the API clients or they mean this sort of like Cloud Most Console and so forth. Okay.

Anil Murty:  Cloud, most, thank you. Implement anxious. But even even the. SO I even think of the terraform provider for example, as a client in that situation.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Any other questions or things? You feel? Anybody feels like I left out of this list here. That should be answered with analytics data.

Anil Murty: Okay, I'll take that as an offer now, but if anybody has any other questions, I can think of feel free to reply to this. Okay. Go go out.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Just real quick recognition to number three. Comment on, Do you have sorts of important group for the Matrix? Why I'm asking is I think that's actually gonna be probably a good first start issue from from public contributions, it doesn't need to know, like, any civics of the provider, that's a size of our just going through the, You Know, list of matrix that needs to be Exposed, so it's great and then sort of documentation them. In the way that gonna be more usable.

Artur Troian:  And then defining, how does metrics should be Ia provided from the private perspective and be what needs to be done from the previous perspective in order to create and how to display it. Because, essentially, the thing is, it's a big work. The first one is drew that the metrics and the provider side are exposed correctly. Be are the story, the story. So, you know, in order to, for example, display them correctly. They need to describe quite often. That's and that means the store the storage side. On the primitive side is quite critical. Then who's going for example, we need pretty much starboards on for the Prometheus for the grafana, for example, to display those information just to save. So, what I'm just trying to say is this

00:20:00

Anil Murty: Yeah, I know Luna. You raise your hand. I'll just do a quick comment as to you. So after we, so I guess first thing I'll say is like, when I think about metrics, right? There's two kinds of metrics. There is metrics around, understanding growth growth in terms of, you know, deployments provider resources, or compute and growth in terms of the network as well, which is what we're talking about here. But then there's separate metrics for just tracking provider, performance, or Of provider uptime and things like that, right? Provide monitoring so to speak. And so we did create a work group for provider monitoring.

Anil Murty: That and in the provider, when we talked about the provider, our group for monitoring, I think it doesn't provide a SIG. We actually talked about, you know, utilizing Prometheus and Grafana and and setting up a way or documenting a way for people to be able to spin up their own Prometheus cluster and report metrics into it. But I 100% agree with you that we do need one, maybe more than one group to work on these things and part of the goal. Was we would talk about these these questions collect up any other questions that might come. And then if people want to talk about any Tried to talk about those. And then leave this meeting with decision on one or two. Specific work groups that can work on, you know, figuring out solutions to these go Luna.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I just, I was about to mention the point, the harder made regarding Griffin. I think we should leverage it, and I'll also touch on the point because this topic touches a lot of already existing working groups. And one of them is also the, the working group for monitoring which also includes the ingress controller metrics that were available. Are enabled a couple of weeks ago. I think.

Joao Luna:  we should strive for like, A standardized way on, how to display these metrics, or to tell the story and have them publicly available to everyone either. Like, So, here is where I enter like uncertainty territory. I don't know if it's possible or like good to do this but like if those metrics available like a public dashboard or a fan of dashboard on each note so that people can always or yeah, let's say always have these metrics available and they would get pulled from some sources as well.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, it's great. Um, I just want to mention. Yeah, I think the problem is this part about from the provider side in another seek. But yeah, it's probably doesn't make sense to have dedicated looking for that then but anyways, I mean whatever gonna be the best option. We're just trying to say is the very first thing for that would be to actually analyze What matrix specifically from the provider side needs to be used to be exposedâ€¦

Joao Luna: It.

Artur Troian: because I believe, the current one is probably not that full. And the B is.

Artur Troian: how we sort of expose it yeah, but yeah, before even move into the actual Implementation month standardization.

Joao Luna: You.

Artur Troian: We need to just make sure we scope this issue correctly and define all of the things that needs to be export because yeah, I can see there was a value in this particular metric set. So for example, You can probably deduct from that sort of useful information on provider performance and so forth. So yeah that's

00:25:00

Artur Troian:  Somewhat important. But yeah.

Joao Luna: Yeah. On that note on that note, we currently my team have a service currently running, that's serving. Our telephone provider for the provider filters, where we measure some stuff, and people can provide for instance, sub-time. So people can say, Okay, I want to deploy on a provider but it has to have a minimum of 99.9% uptime. This is simply a like a caching service on top of brighter to hide some limitation details and transform the data like how we want to serve it. Maybe this can be expanded into something more global. We are open to the service is open source or can be so that's something we could build on top of if it interests the community. But mainly it's, it's dependency is greater. So the data is from greater side,

Joao Luna:  Maybe it's something we can work out with them or like simply replace that. I just want to say that. we can easily replace this as well with another service that some, if something like Standard comes from, from this working group,

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah you actually pointed correctly. There's this kind of information is crucial for a slight As you can see, you know, the How provider performs because it may consists of multiple nodes. Yeah, so just that there was the things like that and why I'm saying we have to spec it first because just just give you example persistent storage is it's a black hole for Now and Matrix for example for right, various things like the presentation really crucial and important so just for example, right? If it's based on the sap which is only option for now, what kind of

Anil Murty: Yep, 100% couldn't agree more. With more than those things.

Anil Murty: I think that sort of transitioned away a little bit from the questions to implementation. So it makes sense to talk about the implementation stuff, unless people have other You know, questions that they want to add to this list, but people can always do that later as well. In terms of the implementation, one thing I was going to ask was Max, do you want to share any sort of learning or things that that you know, will benefit the community or ideas that you may have had from oops, use that

Max: Good question. It's a pretty broad question and

Max:  I wasn't easy, I guess.

Max: behind the scene that through like all the blocks of Well, we did it for since black one for a cash, that's what we use for our alerting system as well. And so yeah, that indexer goes through all the blocks and extracts each transaction and the black results, and then meet parts, each transaction message to calculate like the active releases and The Akt Stand. Over time. Now that stuff because previously it was done. By calculating, like the

Max:  The amount withdrawn from providers, but that wasn't precise because some providers don't don't withdraw or previously some providers. I don't know if it's the case anymore. Probably you for some providers but providers, didn't we draw for like a month? And some leashes were kept active, even if they shouldn't have been active. So we implemented like a well by parsing each dog in transaction. We can calculate on our own. How much is spent on the lease? Realistically. until the theoretical escrow account runs out, even though it's it stays active with the provider never extract the or withdrawns from the escrow come.

00:30:00

Max:  So yeah. That's what we built. We it's currently not open source but we may open source it at some point. And yeah, we definitely want to keep working on it to Add More Network Stats, Especially for the providers. I think a lot of information is missing for providers on a cash to have like a complete or at least a better ux, in terms of deployment to Eventually have a kind of a cloud parody UX to create a deployment or to launch a server. if you compare with any other cloud provider, That workflow is like completely different. You don't like ask for resources and then get the price and see who has it.

Max:  And see who's available to. post your your workflow or your Container, it's more the other way around. Like, you see up front okay, these if you want to deploy this amount of resources, it's gonna cuss this much and then, like, Having more stats on providers. You can say, Oh, we already know these providers can host this amount of resources, so Can see how much is going to cost and stuff like this. And where it's going to be hosted. You know what I mean? But yeah. Those are my thoughts, I guess for, for this.

Anil Murty: Yeah thanks Max here, I do have a few questions but I know Luna you have your hand up, so good.

Joao Luna: I just want to touch on this point, so as well. I I am kind of aware of the work on the indexer and it would be really cool if we have good leverage. It just to

Joao Luna: like, Bob's subsystem. That would be really, really cool. It's something that we are looking from an orient, when whenever the cosmos a webhooks launch,

Max: So soon.

Joao Luna:  That yeah, that's something that we are anxiously looking forward to. So we can integrate it on Kafka topics and have people subscribe and know like Oh this provider is down or maintenance is happening or whatever. Whatever. And just act upon that information and from another Dick's perspective, I guess if we can already collect all a bunch of analytics, we might as well provide events to subscribers on those same metrics. Like we are achieving some throttling on and on the network or some region or whatever just to sense on on, what Max was talking about and the decks and what could become

Anil Murty: Good, my studio. Did you want to say something?

Max: Yeah. Well The way books, both for sure we, you know, those custom events for cash. For the providers a time and stuff. And Yeah, for the Web books. It's something we wanted to release soon. So it shouldn't be so long. Technically, it's working, we use it to for Twitter but to post the tweets about big transactions but yeah, it's needed a bit more work to make it more robust for General availability, I guess.

Anil Murty: Did you say that you are? using a web to post a Twitter right now or is that something you just tested out and are considering doing

00:35:00

Anil Murty:  Oh really. Wow. What's the Twitter handle? oh,

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Thanks here.

Anil Murty: That is super cool. I have no idea. Another.

Joao Luna: If you need better testers, feel free to reach me. Because I do really need this.

Anil Murty: So very cool. So some max have you, would you, what consider open sourcing the work that you've done or is something you think about? You got to think about a lot more

Max: Something, we're considering not something we have necessarily on the our priority list. but yeah, we need to

Max:  Evaluate the pros and cons and just how we can. Get funded to maintain it and stuff.

Anil Murty:  Got it. If it's something that you want to discuss at the steering committee meeting, like in terms of finding or anything, that's something that you should think about. This one.

Anil Murty:  Cool. I was hoping that somebody from the Plato team, the Jigarette would join this call. And we could talk about their Metrics as well. I mean, they're only putting their time, it takes not not doing any sort of storage. but I was hoping we could talk about these as well but since they're not on, I don't know if somebody else is able to talk about it. If not, I was going to ask Jin, if you had anything, you wanted to add in terms of the work that you've done. in terms of trying to figure out how we can pull some of these other metrics that aren't being pulled by thrones today and and, you know, any any sort of insights from that

Jin Lim: So historically we've been using the numia data, they build an indexer and trying to index all the cosmos chains and their their data output is open. So they just have like a bigquery server that you can connect to and create the data. It's not like relational any means it's not a pretty database and there are some missing data points but a lot of the things that we cover today can be pulled like regarding right, deployments and growth, and the user metrics, Some things that we don't have currently are

Jin Lim:  Like deployment stats. Like what resources are being used for each lease? but it is, it is okay for the moment and I think No, I'm I'm working with Overclock currently as a consultant.

Jin Lim:  But we were using Numia beforehand.

Anil Murty: And presentation. Ation wasn't any other thoughts on like potential? Implementation solutions that exist today. Anywhere out there?

Anil Murty:  Okay, cool. So, the, the thing I was wondering, was, does it make sense for us to? So, obviously, we have the work group spun up for provider monitoring and that'll, you know, worry about figuring out what it takes to be able to get metrics from the provider related to uptime into Prometheus and then Grafana Doesn't make sense for us to spin up our work group to talk about some of the other efforts that we have going on in, you know, if Max, if you decide that you're willing to open source your prior project that potentially could be part of the work group as well. But with the minimum we would talk about a spec that defines the data model for for some of these are the metrics and and then see like you know Jin would sort of be leading that a little bit from the perspective of implementing this New Year solution that we have done in the past.

00:40:00

Anil Murty: Any thoughts on that from anyone?

Anil Murty:  Not any other suggestions.

Artur Troian: I think for the Definition spark for the provider matrix.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I know actually I just thought I don't know if we need working group for that. maybe rather starts issue in the support. And Stack it out there. You think I'm working right now is?

Anil Murty: I think so you've concern is that there's going to be some overlap between this and the provider monitoring work group and you want to, you want to make sure it's not duplicated in two places. Is that correct?

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah. Um, like so you say like we have this thing, right? And the secret? Okay. Yeah. There's a problem or, You know, improvement. You want to have, and we decided that it have to should happen, right? So, right now and I think is the best gonna be as this is related for the specific, for example, matters for the provider, I think it's best gonna be to have

Artur Troian: Starts thinking about that in the support triple. However, take this issue into the Provider. Any working groups or seeks that it's relevant to just start expecting it all there? This this way, the information to this particular feature will be concentrated, just a small place, it's gonna be very easier for anyone else and wouldn't us to see details. From that. And actually, and I just as an example, right? We published yesterday the GPU progress. Um, and I think it's actually going to be best to move it actually to probably support and just tag the issue and the PRS in the

Artur Troian:  Working group. So there by the Information sources. Not overall.

Artur Troian:  Just an example.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Totally, I think I current person agree with you. I think so. Just to go back and talk about like, the the reason for why we had working groups. The whole idea was they would be purely focused on defining the spec. And and then the work actually what happened inside the Individual Repositories For wherever the change, you need to happen. So 100% with you. I think even in this case, if we were to start a work group or the non provider matrix, so obviously we have for provider monitoring. We have a separate work group, it would be focused on just defining the spec and maybe talking defining like where the data would recite and how it would get query. And once that stick is done, then the actual issues for implementing, it would get created in the specific repository or in the support repository.

Anil Murty:  Cool, awesome. Okay, so I think I agree with you that maybe for now, we'll just focus on metrics inside the provider, monitoring group, finished that and then. Maybe think about starting work group to define metrics. So we can start with that.

Artur Troian: And you'll just real quick, the discussions. I think it would be actually good if we tag people, I think it's just gonna be a good. But to use the hub handles, if you can The reason why because I'm gonna receive notifications for example, in the github. So I can quickly jump in and reply right reply if needed. And same, I believe for our guys. I know it's probably find in a bot after that. But just think it will be probably good option.

Anil Murty: so you suggesting tagging handles in this discussion,â€¦

Artur Troian: Yeah, I mean,â€¦

Artur Troian: really instead of writing my name just, you know, my github username and Central Luna and Nick Max has it's just gonna be you see like people get notification that they involved in the conversation and it's gonna be just easier to track things.

Anil Murty: For sure.

00:45:00

Artur Troian:  From the presentation.

Anil Murty:  Yep, happy to do that. It's just I don't remember everybody's guitar management. Some people don't have like like you and I are very straightforward like mine is just my first game last name, but I think Tyler's is like you know what? Drink water something. So

Artur Troian: Actually I have an idea. I think I don't know we have somehow to you know gather this information if you know people got somewhat involved in the conversation in a github. They probably should hostel somehow have a BEHAV account, right? So I think we should have some sort of form probably, I don't know. Yeah, I know it's been about to track here.

Artur Troian:  But yeah, I don't know what solution for that issue right now.

Anil Murty: Right. Yeah, I think that I know the solution is the one you mentioned, which is tagging people with handles. It's just that some people sandals are hard to remember, but we'll figure it out. It's a good point.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Any other thoughts once again analytics from anyone?

Anil Murty:  For we end this meeting for today. And update this comment, stop sharing and then see if there's any other thoughts or questions.

Anil Murty: Cool. I guess if there's no other questions, I guess we can end this meeting. Kind of lower back over to you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, cool. So if anybody has again, anything that they want to contribute between meetings, please feel free to add to this discussion on github or add any additional thoughts or questions and discord. And if that conversation needs to be transferred over to this discussion, then we'll make sure that that happens. But we'll look to follow up with some of the action from this meeting and then make the meeting recording and transcripts available soon.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. There's no other thoughts. And again everyone have a good rest of the day and thank you very much for joining this first again, Olympics meeting.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone for the discussion. so,

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Thank you.

Max: Thanks. Have a good day.

Meeting ended after 01:03:43 ðŸ‘‹

