
# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2


### **Agenda**

- Discussion of [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md)
- Discussion of [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md)
- Open Discussion


### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, March 09, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- envy
- Jigar Patel
- Jin Lim
- Max
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Anil recapped the progress so far: There are two documents - 1) A PRD that outlines what data we wish to collect and the [desired metrics](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md#desired-metrics-question-they-answer), leveraging data from on chain, and other sources (i.e. Praetor, Cloudmos, etc). 2) An on-cchain data model that is used to collect and store on-chain data to answer a portion of the questions in the PRD. 
- Anil gave a progress report that the Overclock team is looking at indexer options. The first option is Numia, and then the group will explore if Cloudmos path is another option. There is also a third option from a company called SubQuery that we looked at that had a blocker because of the lack of an archival node.
- Anil asked if there were any questions on the [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md) or [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md).
- Jin talked about the progress he is working on. 
- The Numia output, if that route is taken, has potential to provide the data from the chain.
- Jin asked Max from Cloudmos what Txs or attributes they use for closed leases. He is looking at lease-created and lease-closed and finding that there is a significant difference (20K) over a period of time, which doesn't seem realistic.
- Max mentioned that their indexer goes through each block and extracts transaction data to build a snapshot needed to query data in a relational SQL database. They also found that there was a huge difference between the stats (for deployments/ leases) they were calculating themselves (block-by-block) vs that provided by the Akash API nodes. After chatting with the Overclock team, they realized that this happens because some providers (even big ones) hadn't run withdrawals for a while. They then worked on building a node that collects snapshots by reading data block-by-block and that's what is used in their analytics dashboards now. 
- Jin gave another update on Numia. Their indexer stopped indexing December 2022. 
- Max and Cloudmos think they have already done the work that Jin is looking for, from Numia. 
- Max shared the [Akashlytics data medium post](https://medium.com/p/862c5c41dd38).
- Anil asked if the plan was to open source the database or provide an API for community to used. Max answered that if their funding proposal is successful, the databases will be made open source. 
- Anil mentioned another company called SubQuery. May need an archival node for this path.
- Anil mentioned that some of the work needed for the provider data will need to come from Praetor's work. 
- Jigar started working on databases for past and future leases. The group can access API if needed. 
- Anil mentioned that there is no storing and caching of historical data for providers right now. 
- Jigar mentioned that Praetor only stores last 30 days of data. If there is a need for more historical data, Jigar and Praetor can open that up as well. 
- As Jin investigates on chain data, the group can evaluate a big data model.
- Anil asked if the data needs to be in one database, Jin did not feel it was necessary unless there is a reason for joint analysis.
- Max and cloudmos started doing provider snapshots.
- Another sig-analytics member, Superfish, is building an indexer for Akash and other changes. Update will be shared on discord or at a future sig-analytics monthly meeting. 


### Action Items

- Participants should look at medium post on how Max and Cloudmos calculate data on Akash Network. 
- Jin is continuing to look at Numia and get data back online after December 2022. 
- Jin will look at other options (cloudmos and/ or SubQuery) if Numia does not work out.
- Max/ Cloudmos plan to update their proposal (that includes the on-chain data indexer) based on feedback and possibly consider open sourcing it or providing APIs that others cna query the data using.

# **Transcript**

_Edits have been made for readability._

Tyler Wright: Cool. Alright, welcome to SIG-Analytics monthly meeting number two.

Anil Murty: Thanks. Just to clarify what Tyler said, there is one PRD and there is a On-chain data model. So the PRD basically calls out what we have discussed as the various questions that we want to answer. It takes data and the answers to those questions, or the data for those questions comes from on-chain data as well as from providers, deployments, and various places. so, that's the PRD and then the second document that exists inside the sig-analytics Github Repo is a on-chain data model, and that's specifically for pulling data that's available on chain using any sort of indexer that exists out there.

Anil Murty:  So that's what's on the sig-deployments Github repo; if you're interested, you can check it out. At this point, we're investigating various options for indexers that we can use, starting with a company called Lumia. If Lumia doesn't work out, we'll look at other options including potentially using Cloudmos/Max's option as well if Max and team are willing to open source it or provide an API for it. If there's any questions about either of those documents, we can go over that. If not, Jin, if you want to walk us through what your progress has been in defining the data model as well as working on pulling Lumia data. You and I talked mid-week and you had some issues with Numia data being a little bit stale. We can go over that if there are no questions about the documents.

Jin Lim: Yeah, so [an] update on my end. With the data model for on-chain Data, it's really just looking at [addressing] the bare minimum that we're going to need to answer all the questions in the PRD. Doing that through a simple relational database, the Numia output - if we do end up going this route - is not going to be exactly as that model is because I have to normalize their large dump and I don't think it's possible currently to do relational views within Bigquery. But in regards to that or their data staleness, I did have a question for Max. When you guys are working with on-chain data with your indexer, I was wondering what TXes or attributes you guys are using when capturing closed leases. I think I'm missing something because when I'm looking at open versus closed, I'm getting a lot more leases that have been opened versus leases that have been closed.

Max: Hey Jin. Yeah, it's a bit complicated. Well, not that it's complicated but because right now, it's up to the providers when they want to close the leases. If they never withdraw the amounts from the from the deployment balance, technically the lease can stay open forever. I wrote an article on it like a year ago, I think. The way we calculated is per block: based on the the lease they created, the amount of uAKT they spend on each block without taking into account the withdraw lease transactions because they're not precise. They're not precise just because they are run by the providers. That's how we're able to calculate the amount of AKT spent when we don't really care what we do index, like all the transactions. Does that answer your question?

00:05:43

Jin Lim: Yeah, definitely. So just looking at the original deposits and any further deposits per deployment or per lease and then doing the calculation based on block. Yeah, that's very insightful. I'll Try to replicate that from my end and see what we can come up with. And one more update on the Lumia side: their indexer stopped indexing on December 21st of last year, so I will be re-engaging them in communications and see if we can get that back up to date.

Max: We made a proposal for us to provide this info, we already have all of it, so it's up to you guys if you want to do the work, the same work that we did and worked on a lot. I can show you the database that we have, it's up to date. It's a Postgre database, you can do relational queries on it, and [I'm] pretty sure you can do everything that's in the PRD. Is this a matter of going through with the proposal at this point?

Anil Murty: Hey Max, it's awesome. So is this the stuff you posted on the discussion forum, an updated version of it?

Max: I didn't post an updated version of it, I'm currently talking with Tyler right now to sort things out.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. So your current plan is not to open source it, but to provide APIs that other people can use to access the data.

Max: If the proposal doesn't go through, yeah. But if it goes through, we said that we will open source it.

Anil Murty: Ok, got it, makes sense. Thanks for that. And then you mentioned a write-up you did a while back [on] what assumptions or trade-offs you're making while dealing with the way you get the data from the chain. Where is that located?

Max: What exactly? I'm sorry. I didn't get it.

Anil Murty:  Previously when you are responding to Jin's question, you said there is a write-up that you did a while back [on] the trade-offs that you made.

Max:  On Medium, I can find it. Just give me a second.

Anil Murty: Yeah, you can post it in Discord later if you don't have it right now. That'll be good to see as well. Thanks so much.

Max:  Sure, you're welcome.

Anil Murty: Anything else from you, Jin? Any other updates or things you want to discuss? Thanks.

Jin Lim: That's it for my end. Thank you.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Tyler, there's a link in the chat if you're [including] for the notes. The other thing I want to mention is that there is another company called SubQuery, I don't know if anyone's used or tried to use them previously. I think that is another option that we could pursue, but Max, if your data is available, that's probably something we look at before it. I think there was a challenge when we looked at SubQuery a while back - I forget exactly what it was, but I think it required us to maintain some kind of an archival node and I think the one that you were using wasn't in good shape or something. I don't remember what it was, but yeah we can go back and revisit that as well. But I think that's kind of where we are at this point. Any other updates from anyone else? ... Oh, I guess it's also worth mentioning that - and Jin, you can correct me if I'm saying this incorrectly - but the data model, the way you defined it right now,  it doesn't answer all the questions that we want answered. There is still going to be some amount of data that needs to come from, for example, the work that the Praetor team and Jigar will be doing as part of their proposal that gives us a lot of the provider data. Is that correct?

00:10:22

Jin Lim: Yeah, that's correct. My bad on that part.

Anil Murty: No worries.

Max: We're also working on adding more provider data. It probably overlaps with what Jigar is doing, but I don't think it's a big concern to have more people looking at this problem.

Anil Murty:  I agree, I don't think it's a concern. It's a good idea. Awesome. Anyone else want to share any other updates or have any other questions or things you want to bring up? ...  Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: Hey, sorry guys, I joined a little bit late. Let me know what kind of data [you need]. Currently we've opened our API to Luna [to provide] some contingency [for] our server... [It performs] an exponentially larger number of queries, so he created caching on top of it. That's our combined solution for APIs, and we also started [using] a database to collect information about past and future leases. Let us know if you need any API on that as well.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that's great. I think mainly the questions that we had discussed before were the ones inside the [second portion [of Desired Metrics]](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md#2-provider-network-state--growth-metrics). A lot of these questions, I think you already have in the Twitter dashboard that you provide, but of course it's not historical because as you mentioned today, it's all real time data. There's no storing of the data or caching, but hopefully that's something that we can solve over time.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so basically we only store the last 30 days of uptime data because obviously uptime [data logs take up lots of space]. We only keep the last 30 days of data, but if there is a need to open up that to [a more TX-based model] or a Big Data kind of thing, then we can open up that as well.

Anil Murty: Awesome, very cool. Yeah, I think as Jin investigates some on-chain stuff and hopefully is able to get that data pulled out, then we can look at adding this. From your perspective, Jin, you think you want to get both of these together in one database, right? Probably all in Bigquery together, provider data as well as on-chain?

Jin Lim: Unless you need to join the data for some sort of analysis, it's not going to be required to join them. I think that would just add more work to it.

Anil Murty:  That's true.

Max: I say we start doing provider snapshots to have historical data of the providers. It's up and running right now but there aren't many snapshots.

Anil Murty: Okay. Very cool. Awesome, I think that's pretty much all the updates, at least that I can think of. I was hoping there would be another user that would join us today, but looks like they had like a product launch or something. They are working on another indexer - I think they're building indexers for all kinds of chains, not just us. His ID is Superfish on Discord, hopefully next time we'll hear from him. I guess that's it for today unless anybody has anything else they want to discuss.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: In terms of action items, Anil, do you want anybody to comment on the PRD, or are there any action items that you see from this meeting besides continuing to work on the Cloudmos proposal and look at some of the other data that Jin's working on?

Anil Murty: I think we should take a look at this post that Max has written, the link is in the chat. Jin and I should take a look at that and then once Max has his data accessible to us, we can see if we can use that instead of Lumia.

Max: You'll need to build a script to calculate it. [It's not easily accessible, but we've done it.]

Anil Murty:  Amazing. I'm just going to drop your link in the sig-analytics Discord if that's okay, Max.

Max: To the article? Sure.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any other topics they want to talk about pertaining to analytics on Akash? ... Alright, if there's nothing else, then we can end this early and everyone can enjoy the rest of the day. Again, I'm going to publish these notes once the transcript and recordings are available, but if anyone has any questions in the meantime, feel free to reach out to myself or Anil on Discord and we can help support. All right, thank you all.

Jin Lim: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: All right, thanks guys. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:17:17 ðŸ‘‹

n/a
