sig-analytics/meetings/002-2023-03-09.md, before:


# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2


### **Agenda**

- Discussion of [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md)
- Discussion of [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md)
- Open Discussion


### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, March 09, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- envy
- Jigar Patel
- Jin Lim
- Max
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Anil mentioned that the PRD covers all of the [desired metrics](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md#desired-metrics-question-they-answer), leveraging data from on chain, and other sources (i.e. Praetor, Cloudmos, etc)
- The onchain data model is specifically for pulling data on chain. 
- Anil gave a progress report that the Overclock team is looking at indexer options. The first option is Numia, and then the group will explore if Cloudmos path is another option. 
- Anil asked if there were any questions on the [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md) or [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md).
- Jin talked about the progress he is working on. 
- The numia output, if that route is taken, will chain the on-chain model.
- Jin asked Max from Cloudmos what Txs or attributes they use for closed leases. 
- Max mentioned that it is up to the provider to close the lease. Cloudmos counts uakt by block. That is how they find akt spend for a deployment. 
- Cloudmos looks at the original deposit and calculates. 
- Jin gave another update on Numia. Their indexer stopped indexing December 2022. 
- Max and Cloudmos has done the work that Jin is working on. 
- Max shared the [Akashlytics data medium post](https://medium.com/p/862c5c41dd38).
- Anil asked if the plan was to open source the database or provide an API for community to used. Max answered that if their funding proposal is successful, the databases will be made open source. 
- Anil mentioned another company called subquery. May need an archival node for this path.
- Anil mentioned that some of the work needed for the provider data will need to come from the work that Praetor. 
- Jigar started working on databases for past and future leases. The group can access API if needed. 
- Anil mentioned that there is no storing and caching of historical data for providers right now. 
- Jigar mentioned that Praetor only stores last 30 days of data. If there is a need for more historical data, Jigar and Praetor can open that up as well. 
- As Jin investigates on chain data,
- Anil asked if the data needs to be in one database. 
- Max and cloudmos started doing provider snapshots.
- Another sig-analytics member, Superfish, is building an indexer for Akash and other changes. Update will be shared on discord or at a future sig-analytics monthly meeting. 


### Action Items

- Participants should look at medium post on how Max and Cloudmos calculate data on Akash Network. 
- Jin is continuing to look at Numia and get data back online after December 2022.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right. Welcome to Sig-analytics monthly meeting number two.

Anil Murty: Thanks Anna. Everyone yet just to. So just to clarify what Tyler said. There is one PRD and there is a On-chain data model. So the PRD basically calls out what we think, or what we have discussed as the various questions that we want to answer with, and it takes data And those the answers to those questions of the data for those questions. Comes from quantine data, as well as data that comes from providers and deployments and various places. so, that's the PRD and then the second Document that exists inside this again, Analytics. Github Repo is a on-chain data model and that specifically for pulling data that's available on chain. Using any sort of indexer that exists out there. So

Anil Murty:  So that's what's on the SIG deployments Github repo. If you're interested, you can check it out. And basically where we are at this point, is we're investigating various options for. Indexes that we can use. Starting with the company called Lumia. And if Lumia doesn't work out, we'll look at other options including potentially using Cloudmoss, slash Max's. Option as well in case Max and team are willing to open source. It Or provide an API for it. So, that's kind of where we are. if there's any questions about either of those documents, we can go over that if not you know Jin if you want to walk us through sort of audio progress, has been on

Anil Murty:  Defining the data model as well as working with Pullings and New Idea. I don't you and I talked we made the week and you had some issues with no MIA with the data being a little bit stale. But we can go that if there's no questions about the documents.

Jin Lim: Yeah, so update on my end with the data. Model for On-chain Data. It's really just looking at all the like, what, what is the bare minimum that we're going to need to answer all the questions in the PRD? and,

Jin Lim:  Doing that through like a simple relational database, then the new MIA output. If we do end up going this route is not going to be exactly as that a model is because I have to normalize their, their large, their large dump and it's it's not I don't think it's possible currently to do relational views within Bigquery. but in regards to that of the or their deal stillness, I did have a question for Max when you guys are working with on chain data with your indexer, I was wondering like what TX is or like attributes. You guys are using when capturing clothes leases I think I'm missing something because when I'm looking at open versus close I'm getting a lot more leases that have been open versus leases that I've been closed.

Max: Hey Jin. Yeah, it's a bit, the complicated. Well, not that. It's complicated but then There's no because right now, like it's up to the providers when they want to like close the leases. So, If they never with the The amounts from the from the deployment balance, technically the lease can like stay open forever. If the provider does it, that's why we And I wrote an article on it like a year ago, I think. And the way we calculated is basically. how how much it we we calculated her black based on the the least they created the amount of ukt they spend on each block

00:05:00

Max:  without taking into account like the with rallies transactions because they're not, They're not precise basically, they're not precise just because they are run by their providers. That's why we're able to tell. We're able to calculate the

Max:  Yeah, the amount that they could spend and You know, really care what we do, it index like all the transactions, but That's not answer your question, not sure.

Jin Lim: Yeah, definitely. So kind of just looking at the original deposits and any further deposits per deployment or police and then just doing the calculation based on block. Yeah, that's that's very insightful.

Max: Yeah.

Jin Lim: I'll Try to replicate that. From from my end and see what we can come up with. And in one more update on Lumia side there, indexer stopped indexing on December 21st of last year. So I will be We engaging them in communications and see if we can get that back up to date.

Max: Like we made a proposal for us to provide this info. We all we already have all of it. So I mean it's up you guys if you want to do the work, the same work that we did and worked on a lot. Okay. I can show you the database that we have. It's up to date and suppose craze database. You can do transactional. You can do relational queries on it and stuff in this. Pretty sure you can do everything that's in the PRD. Is this a matter of like, going through with the proposal at this point?

Anil Murty: Hey Max, it's awesome. So is this the stuff you posted on the discussion forum? Like an updated version of it. Or.

Max: Yeah, well, I didn't post in a third and updated version of it. I'm currently talking with Tyler right now to sort things out of it, but yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yep. Sounds good. So you are current plan is to not open source it but to provide APIs, that other people other people can use to access the data.

Max: If the proposal doesn't go through. Yeah, but if it goes through we we said that we will open source it.

Anil Murty: Okay. Got it makes sense. Yeah, thanks for that. And then you mentioned a write-up. You did a while back for how your water assumptions or you know, Trade-offs you're making while dealing with the way you get the data from the chain. Where does that located?

Max: What exactly? I'm sorry. I didn't get it.

Anil Murty:  You previously, when you are responding to Jin's question, you said there is a write-up that you did a while back or write up. For the trade-offs that you made.

Max:  On medium, I can find it. Just give me. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, you can even post your discord later if you don't have it right now. Well, that'll be good to see as well.

Max:  Sure.

Anil Murty: Thanks so much.

Max:  Welcome.

Anil Murty: Anything else from you Jin any other updates or things you want to discuss? Thanks.

Jin Lim: All right, that's it for my end. Thank you.

Anil Murty:  Cool. And Tyler, there's a link on the chat. If you're a great private for the notes,

Anil Murty:  Cool. The other thing I want to mention is that there is another company called Sub Query. I don't know if anyone's used or try to use them previously. I think that is another option that you could pursue, but, you know, if Max's if your data is available, that's probably something we look at before it. I think there's there was a challenge when we looked at some query a while back where I forget exactly what it was. I think it required us to maintain. Some kind of an archival node and I think the one that you were using wasn't wasn't in good shape or something. I don't remember where it was but yeah we can go back and read this as well.

Anil Murty:  But that's kind of where we are. I think at this point Any other updates from anyone else?

Anil Murty:  That is that that wants to share.

Anil Murty: Or I guess it's also worth mentioning that engine. You keep correct me if I'm stealing this incorrectly but the data model the way you defined it right now. It doesn't answer all the questions that we want answered. There is still going to be some amount of data that needs to come from for example the Work that the Play-Doh team and Jigar going to be doing as part of their proposal. That gives us a lot of the provided is that correct?

00:10:00

Jin Lim: Yeah, that's correct. My bet on that part.

Anil Murty: Anyways.

Max: We're also working on the adding more provider data, I don't know. I probably overlaps with what Jigar is doing, but I don't think it's a big concern to have more people looking at this problem.

Anil Murty:  Agree. I don't think it's a concerned. It's a good idea.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Anyone else want to share any other updates or have any other questions or things you want to bring up?

Anil Murty:  No idea.

Jigar Patel: Hey sorry guys I joined a little late but yeah let me know what kind of data like currently. Like we have open our reply to Luna because it just to for some contingency like our server one here. you know, like, An expeditically, a large number of queries, right? So that's why like he created cashing on top of it, right? So, so that's like our like, Combined solution for APIs, right? And we also started.

Jigar Patel:  Doing a database, which will collect information about disease from the past and the future as well, right? So, that's something also like we're doing and that's why if you need any API on that as well.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that's great. I think mainly the questions that we had discussed before the ones inside the Second portion of this year. So one of these, a lot of these questions, I think some of them already you have in the dashboard that you provide today in Twitter, but of course it's not historical because like you mentioned today, it's all real time data, there's no storing of the data or caching. But hopefully that's something that we can solve over time.

Jigar Patel: Yes, so basically the up times we Do not be only store last 30 days of data because obviously like uptime, it's like those things. Over the time when we drop, we have like law providers. It takes like love for data to store, right? So that's why we only keep last 30 years of data. But if there is a need to open up that to more like on a tax based on other ways or more like or a Big Data kind of thing, then we can open up that conversation as well.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Very cool. Yeah, I think. You know, as we as Jin investigates. So on chain stuff in is hopefully able to get that data pulled out then we can look at adding this. So from your perspective, Jin you think you want to get both of these together in one database, right? Probably get into bigquery all of it together. Provider data, as well as on chain.

Jin Lim: Unless you need to like, join the Datas for some sort of analysis, it's not going to be required to join the minutes,…

Anil Murty:  True.

Jin Lim: same database. And I think that would just like, add more work to it. Yeah.

Anil Murty:  That's true. Okay.

Max: So I say we started doing a provider snapshots to have the historical data of the providers. I've been running right now but there's not many snapshots.

Anil Murty: Okay. Very cool.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. I think that's pretty much all the updates. At least that I can think of I was hoping there would be another User, that would join us today but looks like they had like a launch product launch or something. And they are working on another indexer.

Anil Murty:  And I think the building indexes for all kinds of change, not just us. So looking he would joining is Id superficion discord but hopefully next time, I guess that's it for today. I'm just anybody has anything else they want to discuss?

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: In terms of action items. Um Anil, do you want anybody to comment on the PRD or are there any action items that you see from this meeting besides like continuing to work on the cloud, most proposal and look at some of the other data? The Jin's working on.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think we should take a look at this post that. That Max has written. It's in the link is in the chat. What's in? And I should take a look at that and then See once access is his data accessible to. As we can see, we can use that instead of lumia.

Max: you need to build a script to calculate it, so it's not But well it's not easy to do but we did.

Anil Murty:  Amazing.

Anil Murty:  I'm just going to drop your link in the second analytics discord. If that's okay Max.

Max: To the article. Sure.

Tyler Wright: Okay, does anyone else have any other topics they want to talk about as it pertains to analytics on a cache?

Tyler Wright:  Alright, if there's nothing else, then we can end this early and everyone can enjoy the rest of the day. Again, I'm going to publish these notes once the transcript in the court, recordings are available, but if anyone has any questions in the meantime, feel free to reach out to myself or Anil on discord and we can help support.

Anil Murty: For the first.

Tyler Wright:  All right, thank you. All

Jin Lim: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: All right. Thanks guys. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:17:17 👋

Commit message:

fixed errors and added context to notes/ actions
Signed-off-by: Anil Murty <19495789+anilmurty@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-analytics/meetings/002-2023-03-09.md, after:


# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2


### **Agenda**

- Discussion of [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md)
- Discussion of [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md)
- Open Discussion


### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, March 09, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**


## Notes

- Anil recapped the progress so far: There are two documents - 1) A PRD that outlines what data we wish to collect and the [desired metrics](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md#desired-metrics-question-they-answer), leveraging data from on chain, and other sources (i.e. Praetor, Cloudmos, etc). 2) An on-cchain data model that is used to collect and store on-chain data to answer a portion of the questions in the PRD. 
- Anil gave a progress report that the Overclock team is looking at indexer options. The first option is Numia, and then the group will explore if Cloudmos path is another option. There is also a third option from a company called SubQuery that we looked at that had a blocker because of the lack of an archival node.
- Anil asked if there were any questions on the [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md) or [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md).
- Jin talked about the progress he is working on. 
- The numia output, if that route is taken, has potential to provide the data from the chain.
- Jin asked Max from Cloudmos what Txs or attributes they use for closed leases. He is looking at lease-created and lease-closed and finding that there is a significant difference (20K) over a period of time, which doesn't seem realistic.
- Max mentioned that their indexer goes through each block and extracts transaction data to build a snapshot needed to query data in a relational SQL database. They also found that there was a huge difference between the stats (for deployments/ leases) they were calculating themselves (block-by-block) vs that provided by the akash API nodes. After chatting with the Overclock team, they realized that this happens because some providers (even big ones) hadn't run withdrawals for a while. They then worked on building a node that collects snapshots by reading data block-by-block and that's what is used in their analytics dashboards now. 
- Jin gave another update on Numia. Their indexer stopped indexing December 2022. 
- Max and Cloudmos think they have already done the work that Jin is looking for, from Numia. 
- Max shared the [Akashlytics data medium post](https://medium.com/p/862c5c41dd38).
- Anil asked if the plan was to open source the database or provide an API for community to used. Max answered that if their funding proposal is successful, the databases will be made open source. 
- Anil mentioned another company called SubQuery. May need an archival node for this path.
- Anil mentioned that some of the work needed for the provider data will need to come from the work that Praetor. 
- Jigar started working on databases for past and future leases. The group can access API if needed. 
- Anil mentioned that there is no storing and caching of historical data for providers right now. 
- Jigar mentioned that Praetor only stores last 30 days of data. If there is a need for more historical data, Jigar and Praetor can open that up as well. 
- As Jin investigates on chain data,
- Anil asked if the data needs to be in one database. 
- Max and cloudmos started doing provider snapshots.
- Another sig-analytics member, Superfish, is building an indexer for Akash and other changes. Update will be shared on discord or at a future sig-analytics monthly meeting. 


### Action Items

- Participants should look at medium post on how Max and Cloudmos calculate data on Akash Network. 
- Jin is continuing to look at Numia and get data back online after December 2022. 
- Jin will look at other options (cloudmos and/ or SubQuery) if Numia does not work out.
- Max/ Cloudmos plan to update their proposal (that includes the on-chain data indexer) based on feedback and possibly consider open sourcing it or providing APIs that others cna query the data using.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right. Welcome to Sig-analytics monthly meeting number two.

Anil Murty: Thanks Anna. Everyone yet just to. So just to clarify what Tyler said. There is one PRD and there is a On-chain data model. So the PRD basically calls out what we think, or what we have discussed as the various questions that we want to answer with, and it takes data And those the answers to those questions of the data for those questions. Comes from quantine data, as well as data that comes from providers and deployments and various places. so, that's the PRD and then the second Document that exists inside this again, Analytics. Github Repo is a on-chain data model and that specifically for pulling data that's available on chain. Using any sort of indexer that exists out there. So

Anil Murty:  So that's what's on the SIG deployments Github repo. If you're interested, you can check it out. And basically where we are at this point, is we're investigating various options for. Indexes that we can use. Starting with the company called Lumia. And if Lumia doesn't work out, we'll look at other options including potentially using Cloudmoss, slash Max's. Option as well in case Max and team are willing to open source. It Or provide an API for it. So, that's kind of where we are. if there's any questions about either of those documents, we can go over that if not you know Jin if you want to walk us through sort of audio progress, has been on

Anil Murty:  Defining the data model as well as working with Pullings and New Idea. I don't you and I talked we made the week and you had some issues with no MIA with the data being a little bit stale. But we can go that if there's no questions about the documents.

Jin Lim: Yeah, so update on my end with the data. Model for On-chain Data. It's really just looking at all the like, what, what is the bare minimum that we're going to need to answer all the questions in the PRD? and,

Jin Lim:  Doing that through like a simple relational database, then the new MIA output. If we do end up going this route is not going to be exactly as that a model is because I have to normalize their, their large, their large dump and it's it's not I don't think it's possible currently to do relational views within Bigquery. but in regards to that of the or their deal stillness, I did have a question for Max when you guys are working with on chain data with your indexer, I was wondering like what TX is or like attributes. You guys are using when capturing clothes leases I think I'm missing something because when I'm looking at open versus close I'm getting a lot more leases that have been open versus leases that I've been closed.

Max: Hey Jin. Yeah, it's a bit, the complicated. Well, not that. It's complicated but then There's no because right now, like it's up to the providers when they want to like close the leases. So, If they never with the The amounts from the from the deployment balance, technically the lease can like stay open forever. If the provider does it, that's why we And I wrote an article on it like a year ago, I think. And the way we calculated is basically. how how much it we we calculated her black based on the the least they created the amount of ukt they spend on each block

00:05:00

Max:  without taking into account like the with rallies transactions because they're not, They're not precise basically, they're not precise just because they are run by their providers. That's why we're able to tell. We're able to calculate the

Max:  Yeah, the amount that they could spend and You know, really care what we do, it index like all the transactions, but That's not answer your question, not sure.

Jin Lim: Yeah, definitely. So kind of just looking at the original deposits and any further deposits per deployment or police and then just doing the calculation based on block. Yeah, that's that's very insightful.

Max: Yeah.

Jin Lim: I'll Try to replicate that. From from my end and see what we can come up with. And in one more update on Lumia side there, indexer stopped indexing on December 21st of last year. So I will be We engaging them in communications and see if we can get that back up to date.

Max: Like we made a proposal for us to provide this info. We all we already have all of it. So I mean it's up you guys if you want to do the work, the same work that we did and worked on a lot. Okay. I can show you the database that we have. It's up to date and suppose craze database. You can do transactional. You can do relational queries on it and stuff in this. Pretty sure you can do everything that's in the PRD. Is this a matter of like, going through with the proposal at this point?

Anil Murty: Hey Max, it's awesome. So is this the stuff you posted on the discussion forum? Like an updated version of it. Or.

Max: Yeah, well, I didn't post in a third and updated version of it. I'm currently talking with Tyler right now to sort things out of it, but yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yep. Sounds good. So you are current plan is to not open source it but to provide APIs, that other people other people can use to access the data.

Max: If the proposal doesn't go through. Yeah, but if it goes through we we said that we will open source it.

Anil Murty: Okay. Got it makes sense. Yeah, thanks for that. And then you mentioned a write-up. You did a while back for how your water assumptions or you know, Trade-offs you're making while dealing with the way you get the data from the chain. Where does that located?

Max: What exactly? I'm sorry. I didn't get it.

Anil Murty:  You previously, when you are responding to Jin's question, you said there is a write-up that you did a while back or write up. For the trade-offs that you made.

Max:  On medium, I can find it. Just give me. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, you can even post your discord later if you don't have it right now. Well, that'll be good to see as well.

Max:  Sure.

Anil Murty: Thanks so much.

Max:  Welcome.

Anil Murty: Anything else from you Jin any other updates or things you want to discuss? Thanks.

Jin Lim: All right, that's it for my end. Thank you.

Anil Murty:  Cool. And Tyler, there's a link on the chat. If you're a great private for the notes,

Anil Murty:  Cool. The other thing I want to mention is that there is another company called Sub Query. I don't know if anyone's used or try to use them previously. I think that is another option that you could pursue, but, you know, if Max's if your data is available, that's probably something we look at before it. I think there's there was a challenge when we looked at some query a while back where I forget exactly what it was. I think it required us to maintain. Some kind of an archival node and I think the one that you were using wasn't wasn't in good shape or something. I don't remember where it was but yeah we can go back and read this as well.

Anil Murty:  But that's kind of where we are. I think at this point Any other updates from anyone else?

Anil Murty:  That is that that wants to share.

Anil Murty: Or I guess it's also worth mentioning that engine. You keep correct me if I'm stealing this incorrectly but the data model the way you defined it right now. It doesn't answer all the questions that we want answered. There is still going to be some amount of data that needs to come from for example the Work that the Play-Doh team and Jigar going to be doing as part of their proposal. That gives us a lot of the provided is that correct?

00:10:00

Jin Lim: Yeah, that's correct. My bet on that part.

Anil Murty: Anyways.

Max: We're also working on the adding more provider data, I don't know. I probably overlaps with what Jigar is doing, but I don't think it's a big concern to have more people looking at this problem.

Anil Murty:  Agree. I don't think it's a concerned. It's a good idea.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Anyone else want to share any other updates or have any other questions or things you want to bring up?

Anil Murty:  No idea.

Jigar Patel: Hey sorry guys I joined a little late but yeah let me know what kind of data like currently. Like we have open our reply to Luna because it just to for some contingency like our server one here. you know, like, An expeditically, a large number of queries, right? So that's why like he created cashing on top of it, right? So, so that's like our like, Combined solution for APIs, right? And we also started.

Jigar Patel:  Doing a database, which will collect information about disease from the past and the future as well, right? So, that's something also like we're doing and that's why if you need any API on that as well.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that's great. I think mainly the questions that we had discussed before the ones inside the Second portion of this year. So one of these, a lot of these questions, I think some of them already you have in the dashboard that you provide today in Twitter, but of course it's not historical because like you mentioned today, it's all real time data, there's no storing of the data or caching. But hopefully that's something that we can solve over time.

Jigar Patel: Yes, so basically the up times we Do not be only store last 30 days of data because obviously like uptime, it's like those things. Over the time when we drop, we have like law providers. It takes like love for data to store, right? So that's why we only keep last 30 years of data. But if there is a need to open up that to more like on a tax based on other ways or more like or a Big Data kind of thing, then we can open up that conversation as well.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Very cool. Yeah, I think. You know, as we as Jin investigates. So on chain stuff in is hopefully able to get that data pulled out then we can look at adding this. So from your perspective, Jin you think you want to get both of these together in one database, right? Probably get into bigquery all of it together. Provider data, as well as on chain.

Jin Lim: Unless you need to like, join the Datas for some sort of analysis, it's not going to be required to join the minutes,…

Anil Murty:  True.

Jin Lim: same database. And I think that would just like, add more work to it. Yeah.

Anil Murty:  That's true. Okay.

Max: So I say we started doing a provider snapshots to have the historical data of the providers. I've been running right now but there's not many snapshots.

Anil Murty: Okay. Very cool.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. I think that's pretty much all the updates. At least that I can think of I was hoping there would be another User, that would join us today but looks like they had like a launch product launch or something. And they are working on another indexer.

Anil Murty:  And I think the building indexes for all kinds of change, not just us. So looking he would joining is Id superficion discord but hopefully next time, I guess that's it for today. I'm just anybody has anything else they want to discuss?

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: In terms of action items. Um Anil, do you want anybody to comment on the PRD or are there any action items that you see from this meeting besides like continuing to work on the cloud, most proposal and look at some of the other data? The Jin's working on.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think we should take a look at this post that. That Max has written. It's in the link is in the chat. What's in? And I should take a look at that and then See once access is his data accessible to. As we can see, we can use that instead of lumia.

Max: you need to build a script to calculate it, so it's not But well it's not easy to do but we did.

Anil Murty:  Amazing.

Anil Murty:  I'm just going to drop your link in the second analytics discord. If that's okay Max.

Max: To the article. Sure.

Tyler Wright: Okay, does anyone else have any other topics they want to talk about as it pertains to analytics on a cache?

Tyler Wright:  Alright, if there's nothing else, then we can end this early and everyone can enjoy the rest of the day. Again, I'm going to publish these notes once the transcript in the court, recordings are available, but if anyone has any questions in the meantime, feel free to reach out to myself or Anil on discord and we can help support.

Anil Murty: For the first.

Tyler Wright:  All right, thank you. All

Jin Lim: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: All right. Thanks guys. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:17:17 👋

n/a
