
# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3


### **Agenda**

- Follow up Discussion of [PRD - Growth Analytics for Akash Network](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md)
- Follow up Discussion of [[WIP] Data Model for on Chain Data (Akash Network) Analysis](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/onchain-data-model.md)
- Jack will walk through a spec he and Messari team have made.
- Open Discussion


### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, April 13, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Alani Kuye
- Anil Murty
- Jack Purdy (Messari)
- Joao Luna
- Micah Casella (Messari)
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright




## Notes

- Anil talked about Jins work with [Numia]. Their data is currently stale.
- Anil mentioned the work that they are looking at 
- Jack Purdy asked if Overclock teams is using an archival node, could Messari have access to it.
- This would be a once a quarter snapshot. They do not need real time data. 
- Micah mentioned that as long as there is an API, Messari 

Messari team gave a talk:

- Jack Purdy is leading a development team. Micah is an analyst. 
- The work that their team does is protocol specific reports, all open source.
- They care about metrics, including developers, spend, and beyond.
- Jack shared some work that they did with Livepeer; [report here](https://messari.io/report/state-of-livepeer-q4-2022?referrer=asset:livepeer).
- Anil asked for a link to open source code. The code lives [here](https://subgraphs.messari.io/)
- The reports all live on their site for free. Find them [here](https://messari.io/research/protocol-reporting).
- Messari distributes to Bloomberg and other services to leverage their audience. 
- Messari team is looking for grants, if they exist, to help sustain their work. 
- Hewi, Ty, and Anil explained the structure of the Akash open framework.


Action Items:
- 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Oh well, again, thank you everybody for coming to Stick Analytics monthly meeting. Number three. We've covered a number of things. In the past two meetings, there's a spec that is available to folks, I will put that in the chat. So folks that haven't seen that Ken as well as another file that I'm sure Anil will talk about further. So again, without further ado, I'll hand off to Anil, to get us going.

Anil Murty: Thanks Scott. Hey everyone. So I'm gonna go and share my screen. We can talk to talk through a few things.

Anil Murty:  I was hoping that Jin would actually be on this call, but he just messaged me right before 5 minutes before the Scott and said he was not feeling too well, it's looking through the action items for from the last time

Anil Murty:  Just to get you guys a little bit up to speed Micah and and Jack basically what we're trying to do is we have had obviously you know some amount of analytics for Akash in the past. So there are people in the community teams in the community and actually Max who is part of a team called Cloud Moss. He usually is on these calls he's in the last few calls but he's not today. He he and his team have developed a solution for reporting some amount of data and it's available on cloudmose.io. And then and then we were looking at separately you know Specking out in detail. What are all the things that we would like? And what the community would like to see in terms of analytics for Aakash? And that's what this product requirement. Document is

Anil Murty:  And you know, since we kicked off this open community at the start of the year, we figured it'll be nice to go ahead and restart and you know, lay down exactly what we want and see how we can go and build those things. So essentially, this is kind of that we already and so anything that you guys mentioned today, that would get updated into this PRD. If there is things that are not already captured that you are looking for, we would try to capture them in this PID. And then, you know, anybody in the community is, welcome to win, build a solution to it, we from the OVERCLOCK over team are going to be, obviously working on this, and if there are other people that have indexes, we would use them. Or if there aren't any really available indexes, we would look at building our own potentially. so that's kind of the overall plan for how Sig-analytics

Jack Purdy: So not that I think that makes sense. Yeah, it seems like there was You know, fair bit of overlap, kind of between just what our analysts data scientists initially were we're specking out and then I'm just pretty holisticless. You guys have

Anil Murty:  Cool. Yeah, so yeah, so that's the the list of things and then in terms of the progress, so far, well basically, one of the things that we need is an indexer that can look at it on chain data and report it to us. And then separately we have data that comes from the providers that's also required as part of these, right? So, those are kind of the two main sources of data that we look at for compiling or coming up with a solution that can query and report on the state of the network. And and so, in terms of indexes Jin, who's kind of the one of the devs working on a solution for this?

Anil Murty:  We were looking at a solution called Numia. I don't know if you guys have heard of them, but I knew me, I don't expect XYZ was a company that we were looking at and there was some issues with getting some of the data. The data is pretty stale it's from a few months ago and so we were trying to work with them to see if they can update. The state is an indexer and there was some issues with doing that and I was hoping engine would talk through them this week, but he's not here. The other solution that we are going to look at as a secondary is a company called Sub Kuye and so sub Queries and other company. That provides index. So not just for our cash, but for the cosmos changes as well. And we are essentially, you know, at a point where we might start looking at that in the next few days.

Anil Murty:  The one challenge we have before we can start looking at that is to set up a archival node. And so that's something that I'm going to look at with one of the devs on our side setting up an archival mode. So we can archive data coming from the Sub query indexer and and then once once open that will work out, then we'll have some portion of this data as indicated in this data model. So there's a spec here for the data model as well. Populated and then we'll be able to run some, some other queries on this. So that's kind of the direction that we're going in right now. What you're going?

00:05:00

Jack Purdy: Arches a quick question. So if you guys are spinning up an archival notice that something you'd be open to like sharing data with where like I'll oftentimes like protocols like if we can just ingest a lot of kind of like the raw on shame data that we've used in like a structured quarterly report right? That can just help us kind of put together you know more standardized on chain fundamental. data, if you will,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah.

Jack Purdy: for some of our reports,

Anil Murty: Potentially I think what might be nice is as you talk through your spec getting an understanding of what would be sort of the, the interfaces that we would need to build if we were to go build them for you to be able to query them, but worst case, will at least have some kind of You know, standard query interface that you can use. If not click proper APIs, that you can query from your application or something event.

Anil Murty:  Does that make sense?

Jack Purdy: Yeah and then really only need to be like a once a quarter thing. So like we wouldn't at least near term be you know needing kind of like a live feed of anything as opposed to just right a point in time you know end of the quarter snapshot download it all andâ€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Jack Purdy: then be able to write kind of Put it together slice and dice as we will, what happened like be pinging. It constantly

Anil Murty:  Thought it. Make sense. Yep, makes sense.

Micah Casella: Three years. As long as there's an API set up to access that data, our data engineers will be able to, you know, to pull it for the analyst to be able to you know, report on on the quarterly metrics.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Does anyone have any other questions, or it's, they would want to share somebody else's joining. It's like,

Anil Murty:  Um any other questions? The next thing I want to do is give Jack and Micah for you guys to talk through kind of the things that you had put together and I know Jackie dropped it in the discard as well. So thanks for that but if there's no question then stop sharing, see if you want to share and talk to your items.

Jack Purdy: Yeah, absolutely. So I guess for for a bit of context, might be helpful just on kind of existing discussions and sort of how how we're thinking about things so so myself and Micah. So I'm heading up his development for MASSARI'S Protocol services. Mike is an analyst of ours. And we're sort of, you know, we haven't done a great job kind of communicating how this is structured organizationally. But like, we're really like a separate business from like Massari enterprise, what most people know Masari for sort of paywalled research market intelligence tools whatnot, on the protocol services. You know, it's more of like an outsource kind of like data, analytics research reporting function for like protocols and Dows where you know the entirety of our work, right? It's open source from

Jack Purdy:  In a lot of the data infrastructure all the way to the reports themselves. And so their protocol specific reports. I don't know if anyone's kind of seen like our our state of, you know we've got like live here the graph. I'd like defy protocols layer ones to just kind of think through like What would you know protocol level income statement look like and you know, use that term loosely. Not just trying to find like a protocol revenue figure like any KPI fundamental metric. A stakeholder would care about whether that's developers users investors, you know, people interested in getting involved contributing to these open source economies so I can actually tropical link to that be helpful. It's like that was one we did for for live here for example.

Jack Purdy:  And so yeah, we chatted with, with Greg, probably a month or so ago, just thinking through like, okay, you know, as we get deeper in, we have three infrastructure, protocols, the cosmos ecosystem, like, What could this look like for attached? So we started you know, just doing some preliminary scoping. And then yeah, figured, it'd be good to just hop on this to kind of see where you guys are at in terms of, you know, data infrastructure. And then yeah, kind of open up the line of communication to see what this could look like going forward.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Yeah, this is really cool. Look through this report. I did sit through one of the One of the sessions for one of these state of state of whatever protocol at Masari. So I was a massari last year at the conference The in the yeah it was really cool to watch.

Jack Purdy:  Okay, nice.

Anil Murty: Watch this. And so it's nice to see the actual report as well. So I look through this and see like I'm sure there's like things that were missing in the Purdy right now that we should probably capture that would feed into this. So it's great. And then you said, your all of your code is open source, you have a link to that github repository, as well.

00:10:00

Jack Purdy: most of it's pulled all through like, Subgraphs. So we have a link for that.

Jack Purdy:  And then like the reports themselves, like they all just live on on our site so open source then just like publicly available.

Anil Murty:  I see.

Anil Murty:  Going Alani.

Alani Kuye: Hi. I'm so a little more of a questions for our question for Jack. So, the report in and the Data repository, is that. For public consumption or is it going to be full subscription-based consumption? You know where enterprises can also leverage because I'm thinking of say a Bloomberg terminal. For example, where there is the, you know there's a public Bucket. Right. And there's the Enterprise Bucketâ€¦

Jack Purdy:  Yep.

Alani Kuye: where we can pull general, you know, market data from the corporate some of that.

Jack Purdy:  Yeah it's actually funny mentioned Bloomberg so kind of like how it structures to the reports are entirely freely available, right? Like this live here, one can click on it, read it. The goal is to get as many eyeballs on it as possible. We also like on the back end, just work with institutions to get readers distribution there where even though anyone can read it on massari, you know, they're still value and like leveraging. Other. Walled garden distribution channels, but like that have very large audiences like Bloomberg. So like that state of life here. All the quarterly reports we do. They're actually redistributed on the Bloomberg terminal as well as like, s&p's capital IQ and refinitive. So probably three of, you know, kind of largest traditional like research platforms if you will. But yeah, we don't monetize them at all. We don't pay all them. So you know accessible by anyone in the community

Alani Kuye: Awesome. Thank you.

Jack Purdy: Hmm.

Anil Murty: Cool. Yes. Really useful to see. Cool. If there is no other questions, I don't know if you wanted to talk through the requirements and the document that you had Jack

Jack Purdy:  Um yes so and I guess one last thing I'll mention right? So like you know, not of this work we monetize behind any paywall or anything like oftentimes we'll work with different project foundations, grant programs, whatever to just you know like help sustain a lot of like the data science engineering analyst, work on an ongoing basis. Obviously, every protocol is different but Yeah. I guess what would be curious if there's any kind of structure in place like that, to stick assist with third party providers, if they're, you know, kind of doing publicly available or value add initiatives kind of like this for akash.

Jack Purdy:  I think you're muted meal.

Tyler Wright: And, you know, I think it might be muted. If you're tall, you might be putting something in.

Anil Murty: Oh yeah, I'm was meeting, right? So a new me,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Anil Murty: I was one example that I came before. That's one that has. Let me just pull the like a location where they had dog architect Pacific Docs.

Anil Murty:  That as well. But it was kind of what you were pointing towards or was it something else? Okay.

Jack Purdy: Um, listen. I was just kind of mentioning like you know, if there were any type of like Grant program or public goods funding available just for yeah.

Anil Murty: Oh, I see.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Jack Purdy: Other third parties interested in kind of contributing

Anil Murty: Yeah, yeah,â€¦

Anil Murty: sorry I misunderstood your question. Yeah. So we actually have a proposal called aka 2.0, which is specifically geared towards creating that pool. And so, let me just link you to like, the the proposal and we've had meetings on this, we typically do this as part of um, as part of our SIG economics, You know, working SIG economics, essentially. but that's kind of the overall proposal and the general idea is that You know, we would implement something called make and take rates and then that would feed into this pool that would get sliced four ways. And one part of that would be for community projects.

Jack Purdy:  Okay.

Anil Murty: So that's mentioned, you can look through that and then definitely join our next. If you're interested in learning more about it, join our next community, I think economics discussion

00:15:00

Scott Hewitson: Thanks Anil. So yeah, so just a high level currently. So there's a community pool. It's being filled. So we Acosta has a inflationary rewards 10% of those. Go to the Community Pool 90%. Go to validators right now. What a whole Akash 2.0 is doing is basically slicing that up more to where we'll have community pool deadpool. So the validator portion, goes lower. So, we're still working through all that, but today, there is a community pool where people have been passing Gov props for funding, so, Yeah.

Jack Purdy: Got it. And

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Oh, sorry. I was just gonna say the next steps. Probably. If you wanted to move forward. I know that there's a a document, they'll be added to Github discussions on, like a path to move forward, but usually, if you have something that you need potential, grants for it be something to pull up, pull, bring up in this SIG especially if it's related to Sig-analytics monthly meeting that happens. Um, at the end of every month where different CIGS can talk about, you know, grand propositions bounty propositions that may come from the community pool. Because as Huey mentioned there's a limited amount of resources right now that we're trying to spread around a number of initiatives. I put the project list that Anil puts an end so that's like a list of all the things that we're doing across the cash network. And so the community was geared to

Tyler Wright:  You know, again push all those initiatives forward, as much as we can with limited with limited resources.

Jack Purdy: Got it. No, that makes sense. And this is this all super super helpful. So yeah, I mean, I guess on our end like, you know, we could just kind of like further flesh out sort of what we think, you know, potential delivers would be how we're thinking about structuring the data and everything and then comprised, like, share something in the discord for you guys to take a look at, see if it could be worth bringing up in in that steering committee. Call

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's perfect.

Anil Murty: Yep, that sounds great.

Tyler Wright: What? Yeah, exactly. Exactly.

Jack Purdy:  perfect.

Anil Murty:  Yeah. And as as Tyler said, basically just like super quick rundown of how we operate in this open community and by the way we went to this model only at the start of the year. So last year, even though we've been open source, always we've not been like open core and open community from the perspective of building stuff. So we've had like, people going off and doing their own things in the community individual teams and then overclock team building stuff on its own. But since the start of this year, we're basically going to this model where literally all of our work happens in the open in meetings like this and everything is documented in the github repo. So Github.com slash Akash dash network is literally very fine, every meeting recording all the pries that's happening. I mean, it's not perfect but we're trying to be as as good as we can, and yeah. So as Tyler mentioned,

Anil Murty:  The steering committee meeting which happens once a month, is kind of the place where we generally get together and talk about all the projects that are happening. Whether the priorities make sense, given you know, markets always change, you know, customer needs change, everything's changing all the time and so we get together as community and talk about whether the list of projects that we're working on. Make sense, are they moving forward? Are they blockers? And then generally is the, is this community process working? Well or not. And so, that's kind of the intention that meeting

Anil Murty: But that project list is a good indication of like, which projects are being worked on actively right now, which ones kind of a thought. But it's not really being actively worked on. And soâ€¦

Jack Purdy:  E. Okay.

Anil Murty: if there's a new project that somebody wants to propose the best way to do it is exactly what you describe which is put it as a discussion, thread in the discussion forum. Let the community talk about or discuss it then we'll discuss in the steering committee meeting. See if you want to put it there and then Figure Out If it makes sense for the community would, you know, kind of get a sense of whether the community would support it. If it was a proposal for a new project,

Jack Purdy:  Awesome. And so that's being in the governance, proposals thread there. Perfect.

Anil Murty:  Typically.

00:20:00

Anil Murty:  But Alani.

Alani Kuye: Here. So, I mean I just wanted to add to that. I think part of the process Jack. Is, you know, you start with community driven discussions because sometimes projects may be direct or indirect so think of it like a channel like a public channel partnership,â€¦

Jack Purdy:  Yep.

Alani Kuye: right? Like a channel program. Where we have it in these groups, socialize it gain some initial input, so it starts that journey. So, by the time it ends up in a governance proposal or an on-chained proposal, Everyone has a sense of ownership in that process. There's a lot of feedback. And it's been socialized. So by the time it goes out, you know, to vote like it's a truly community driven effort.

Jack Purdy:  Yeah.

Alani Kuye: What can happen is from day one, you know, architecturally you build input feedback and calibration into the process. By the time it goes on chain one. It's not news. They're no strangers to it. It's based on direct input and everyone is a stakeholder that process.

Jack Purdy: Got it. And so I've like forged that preliminary discussion though. Like is that is the thread like kind of the first step obviously like before goes to a boat would be, you know, before it's been thoroughly discussed or is there like you know, initial discussion in discord that should happen first like we dropped like a Google docs out, running our thoughts, or should we just kind of put it on the form to start?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I would prefer that you put in in the discord for Sig-analytics.

Jack Purdy: Okay.

Jack Purdy:  Got it. Totally makes sense.

Alani Kuye: yeah, because you don't want to litigate ideas after the fact, right? You want to make sure those conversation start before it goes unchained.

Jack Purdy: Mmm.

Tyler Wright: What?

Anil Murty: Yeah, and so basically it's like the discussion is discord is a place to have informal discussions. Like you know, bounce ideas off of people see if you know, there's even any level of interest. The discussion forum is a good place to document your final thoughts or not, final thoughts but sort of structured thoughts, it doesn't have a final in any way it can be a completely draft and and then have a record for, you know, the fact that you are disgusted and allowed people to weigh in on that through comments and other things. And then once it has a discussion, then it automatically becomes a topic of discussion for the steering committee meeting. Like that, you know, that that's kind of the way to build consensus like Alaniosene. And you want to build consensus before you go to the

Anil Murty:  proposal to have the best chance of getting passed in and funded.

Jack Purdy: Yeah.

Alani Kuye: and then just finally you know I hate to hold the conversation but as you know very well Jack You know, Twitter is where the community litigates? Everything. So in that spirit, right? You want to make sure that before that because no matter what you do, if you get 10,000 reactions, you're gonna get 10,000 opinions. It's like I call it one Vatican, 50 popes, right? But you want to make sure that that calibration is darn internally, informally, they are all available channels. It's about time. It goes out right there is, what I'll call an army of folks who are on obvious of stakeholders who have participated in that.

Jack Purdy: If totally yeah.

Alani Kuye: So it doesn't come across like a half brain half baked exercise.

Jack Purdy: Yeah and we're not strangers to decentralize governance. We've kind of worked through a number of different kind of protocol processes, you know, some more structure than others, but yeah, totally understand the value and, you know, having that community first approach to, you know, make sure it's not just totally off base and people like, we don't need this. What the hell are these guys do and this out there?

Jack Purdy: But often, yeah, so I don't want to take up too much. I'm just talking about massari stuff. So that was all I had Mike, I don't know if there's any particular questions like on the scope itself. You wanted to cover this wall while we're here. Otherwise can let them carry on.

Micah Casella: Yeah, I think. That link you you sent to get hub that showed all the desired metrics. Those are really good. So yeah, I don't really have anything to add to that.

Anil Murty: Yeah. I mean and if there is anything that as you read through that in detail and compare it with what you have, if there's other things that you think should be added to that, you can totally submit a pull request to update that document and just add in if it's if it fits into one of the existing sections then just add it as a Additional requirement inside that section and if it's something that fits into a brand new section, feel free to submit it as a pull request towards and we can review and update the document. So it's an open document.

00:25:00

Jack Purdy: Awesome.

Anil Murty:  Cool, awesome. If there's nothing else. I was hoping that we would get more updates from The Dev teams specifically our most and And Jen on our side. But unfortunately, that's gonna happen. So it might be a short meeting this time. I don't know if there's any other topics if you want to talk about from anybody else. Any other questions or thoughts?

Tyler Wright: Cool. No much appreciated Neil Yeah as mentioned if there's nothing else than we can get out of here. A bit early, there was a couple of other topics that were on the agenda and I'll make an action item to follow up and see if they're going to be pushed to the monthly meeting number four or not. Hopefully Jim will be feeling better by then. I'll make sure he also posts and update in discord. So that folks can kind of give a sense of where he is when he's feeling a little bit better. Cool. Anything else. Anyone wants to talk about while we're here?

Tyler Wright:  Alright, again, everything should live on Github. The notes from this meeting should be available with the next 24 to 48 hours on Github. Please reach out to me or anybody else in the Sig-analytics.

Jack Purdy: Things happen as well.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: All. Yeah,â€¦

Jack Purdy: Same thoughts. Cheers, everyone.

Tyler Wright: talk soon.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks everyone.

Micah Casella: Thanks, have a good one.

Tyler Wright: but,

Meeting ended after 00:27:20 ðŸ‘‹

