# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

### **Agenda**

- General updates on analytics paths
- Update/demo from Max of Cloudmos on their progress with big query
- Follow up thoughts on ask from Messari
- Open discussion

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, May 11, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Denis Lelic
- envy
- Jake Gillberg
- Jigar Patel
- Jin Lim
- Joao Luna
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

Max:
- Big Query obstacles are small challenges (lots of data but cannot give specifics as others are working on it), cost
- Started writing a proposal to get funded for work, also including PRD from previous proposal - will post proposal today/tomorrow
- Sample of analytics from Cloudmos database is not available but will include blocks, transactions, all stats gathered using indexer since genesis block. Data can then be joined between entities to calculate specific stats
- Can show database schema in sig-analytics channel, current priority is the proposal
- Cloudmos will not initially open-source the indexer, Anil mentioned open-sourcing could be a means of mitigating cost by allowing others to host archival node

Tyler:
- Numia and Subquery have been explored
- Andre put a path forward for creating an archival node specifically for Subquery, details in sig-analytics channel

Anil:
- Indexer and archival node are needed regardless of data source
- GPU testnet has been and will be the current focus. If there is no good option for an indexer once complete, will work on it ourselves and open-source it
- May look at putting a bounty for hosting an archival node - will need a separate instance
- Any indexer will need to be able to perform specific types of queries - closed-source could be limited but Max stated Big Query should be able to address needs

- Messari put a proposal in sig-analytics, presently open for comment

Action Items:

- Max will continue work with Big Query and post a funding proposal for discussion
- Max to post database schema in sig-analytics channel

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome all to Sig-analytics monthly meeting. We have a pretty tight agenda today. I know there's been a lot of conversation happening between meetings and discord. So I appreciate Massari out of last meeting putting forth a topic for discussion about some efforts that they want to take on and what it means for the community pool. I think there's been some lively conversation and discord around that um,

Tyler Wright:  I know we're tracking towards getting our analytics and improving our analytics across the across the cache. A max has been offering to put some of the analytics into Bigquery, some of the analytics that Cloud, most and the cloud most team have been taking in. So, a big action item for this meeting is an update from Max on that work, and then we can talk about any other topics. So if anyone has anything they want to talk about specifically, please just put in the chat. But unless Anil has anything specific in our paths of four off to Max, to give us an update on Bigquery in the work that he and the clubhouse team have been doing.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Oh, Max. The floor is yours.

Max: Sure. Hey everyone. Thanks Tyler for the introduction. So, yeah, we worked on it a little bit. There's a some small challenges that we're trying to figure out And the cost also of doing that. And so, yeah, I started writing a proposal to get funded to do all the this work, including the PRD. The analytics that was part of our previous Proposal that got refused because it was too big. So

Max:  As an update, I guess I'll be posting that proposal either today or tomorrow. Up in the discussions to make this work happen. So yeah, that's pretty much it.

Tyler Wright: Can you talk a little bit more if you don't mind about some of the challenges you're facing at your throwing and everything into big queer.

Max:  There's lots of data and I'm not particularly the one that's doing the work. So I'd have to get back to you on that.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. If you could throw it in the chat, that'd be great. Um, I don't know if you're prepared to do this max. So but I know at one point you were talking about like, a quick demo of the kind of analytics that Cloudnosis has access to Oh is that something? I know that you weren't able to make last meeting? Is that something that you can kind of share with just like a high level of all the stuff that might be going into Bigquery. don't, if not if, if you can throw something in discord like a quick little video between meetings out that would be Great.

Max: And are you talking about like what data will be part of the Bigquery specifically, oh, I would be basically all the data that we have in our database,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yes, yes.

Max: so, All the blocks and transactions and stats that we gather using our indexer from the Genesis plug. So from there, you can do all sorts of queries and join the data, from a bunch of entities to calculate some specific stats based on your needs.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. that's,

Max:  But I don't have something prepared right now, so I can make something asynchronously to show well.

Max:  yeah, I can I can show the schema the database if that helps

Tyler Wright: yeah, that just if you could throw it in the sig-analytics,

Max: Yeah, because doing all of that is very expensive. Doesn't look like it. Yeah, it is.

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely cool. Thank you. Um, Does anyone have any specific or general questions around the work that Max is doing?

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead, Anil.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah, thanks for the update Max. Just a quick question around the indexer itself, so Have you and your team decided, if you're going to open source the indexer, or you're going to keep it closed, sourcing only offer APIs that you can get others can access the data from.

00:05:00

Max: For now it's going to stay cold source.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Yeah, the reason I was asking is because if cost is an issue and you were willing to open source in Excel and, you know, somebody else could potentially work on it and The cost of Offering the query APIs through a server that's hurting but if you trying to keep it closed source, then I think that options are off the table. Okay, sounds good.

Tyler Wright:  thanks again, Max All right. Again, I know that there's been some other options that have been a been explored including Numia and sub query. I know there's Andre's put Path Towards Somebody Creating an archival node, specifically for Subquery and others. We have archival nodes currently that we're managing. But something specifically for some query. So if anybody wants to track that, I can put it in the notes, but it lives in discord, I Neil Jin. Do you have anything else that you want to talk about it about updates about any other path forwards that were exploring presently?

Tyler Wright: No problem,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah, basically we so we need an indexer andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if not. Yeah.

Anil Murty: we need an archival node regardless of which specific source we get the data from.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, we don't have those things today. So we in the absence of those being there, we're going to make some time probably following the GPU. So very, very focused on coming up with the plan for the GPU testnet. So we're actually going to publish a very detailed testnet for GPUs and I'm going a little bit off topic here, but just kind of explaining why we haven't gotten around to working on the indexer and the archival no doubles is basically myself. In the team, have been very busy on trying to come up with the plan for the testnet and there's gonna be something that will publish in the next few days. It's going to be like a three to four week long test net. That first time right now. And then once we get through that, if at that point, there is no good options for an indexes, we will work on indexing ourselves. And that'll be an open source, indexer.

Anil Murty:  and and then in the meanwhile, we may look at potentially like putting a bounty out or something for People that want to host the archival node that can be used along with Subway. But that's still nothing here, a little bit. So that's kind of status on our side.

Tyler Wright: Cool, thank you for that.

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone have any other questions or comments about the various path forward? As we're looking to again, update, our in our update, our indexer and manage analytics,

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right.

Anil Murty: Just clarify. It's not an update. We don't have an indexer at all. So it's it's going to be have to be a brand new effort to build that indexer.

Tyler Wright:  Yes.

Anil Murty: What we need? You know, what? You're calling An update is probably the archival node. That is something that we have to spin up a separate instance of but yeah, so it's basically two bad say that we spin up or get somebody who's been up in ARCO node can work with subqueries in Texas, or we work on our on our own index and our car with no longer that Good Max.

Max: My question to you again, Anil, if you have access to the data, why would you put the effort to building another indexer? If you have access to the data that you need?

Anil Murty: Simply because we want to make sure that number one. It is open source and it's modifiable and usable with anyone in second. I think we talked about the need to run specific types of queries, which I don't know if your API is going to support. So, you know, once we once we publish your specifically and if it does meet our needs, we have no need to work on it, right?

Max: Okay, sounds good. I guess with Bigquery you can do, basically your own queries, so I guess that should be able to address your needs.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think so.

Tyler Wright: Great.

Anil Murty:  I hope so.

Tyler Wright:  Um so again as an action item, I know that Max is gonna continue is work with Bigquery and then again provide he's working on a proposal put in discussions as well for the work that he's doing and then lastly if he could put some high level specs or schemas just so for visibility across again, the Akashi ecosystem, that'd be great. Anything else? I'm leaving out?

00:10:00

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Again, I'm following up a massari out of last meeting. Put a proposal in Sig-analytics.

Tyler Wright:  Today.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Terrific. um, all right. With that said, then we can just wrap this up again. I just wanted to give Max opportunity to give an update. I know they can work our number of things. So thank you, Max, for that update. And we'll just track again to work with Bigquery and some of the other things that are coming along the pipeline between meetings in Discord, if there's nothing else then I'll let you all go and enjoy the rest of your days but thank you very much for taking the time to just meet and give updates on where we are.

Tyler Wright:  All right, everyone have a great day. Thanks again for coming.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright:  All right.

Meeting ended after 00:13:05 ðŸ‘‹

