# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5

### **Agenda**

- Github discussions:
https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/239
https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/234
https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/220
- Overclock Labs team exploring indexer solutions via Numia and Subquery (Subquery requiring an archival node)
- Nodefleet team looking into building an archival node
- Open discussion

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, June 8, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- envy | Neta DAO
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zack Gow

## Notes

Tyler:
- Zack working on indexer, added [discussion to Github](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/234)

Zack:
- initially built indexer for Secret Network analytics in 2020, components needed fixes after every upgrade
- refactored indexer from the ground up a few months ago to be more robust for upgrades (open-source build)

Boz:
- would all [PRD asks](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md) be part of deliverables? which would be difficult/not possible to address?
- would someone else need to host an archival node?

Zack:
- looking for someone else to host archive node but could host if absolutely necessary
- indexer is a general solution for Cosmos chains, not built specifically for any one network
- looking to query providers rather than general blockchain nodes - still working on structure, hasn't queried enough yet
- archive node would need to go back to genesis if looking for all time data
- indexers likely began breaking once [State Sync](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/blob/v0.34.x/spec/abci/apps.md#state-sync) came out as full nodes no longer had transaction history

Cheng:
- would be nice to have all-time data but could go back to most recent mainnet

Zack:
- if all info was stored in the genesis file of the most recent chain, we can have a job to initially extract metrics, load, and proceed

Tyler:
- Andre from Overclock has [instructions on syncing a node at height 0](https://gist.github.com/andy108369/9da91c585500cecc4e4521f49044de15)

Action Items:
- Building out an indexer with archival node that can be used by community
- Zack to build out how indexer will operate: timeline, diagrams

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to see again. Analytics, Monthly meeting Number Five. Thank you all for participating. The Special Interest Group for Analytics is a special interest group that focuses it on all things. Again related to analytics on Akash that includes deploy provider any sort of analytics that we're looking for that are open and support the growth and management of the Akash network.

Tyler Wright:  I will throw some things in the chat related to where folks can track previous meetings on the sig-analytics.

Tyler Wright:  So we want to take some time there again. There's some other discussions that are happening around analytics in Github. So if anybody has the ability to ask questions, comment contribute to the conversation, please do so on Github or on discord. But again, those the big action item is really focusing on building out an indexer that can be used by the community Overclock labs. The cloud most team prayed or team and other teams could really benefit from again an indexer that has an archive of all the things that have happened on the Akash network. And so that is a big action item for this sig-analytics.

Zack Gow: Yeah, I guess the start. Back in 2020 or so I started doing analytics for Secret Network and I built a indexer that worked pretty well for about a year and a half or so.

Zack Gow:  Pretty much what I found is that upgrade after upgrade different components of that needed. lots of lots of fixes, so, A couple months ago, me and my team basically decided to refactor the entire thing.

Zack Gow:  Just having it be more robust towards upgrades and this time, we were building the whole thing open source. So we started from the ground up maybe around January or so, but if you guys have any specific questions, I'd be happy to elaborate on the different parts there.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you just for context. Again, The discussion that Zack is putting Github, is a discussion 234 and I've attached it in the chat. I know that envy is also here. Taking notes on this meeting. So big shout out to envy for all the work that he does. Go ahead, boss.

Boz Menzalji: Yeah. Zack thanks for making the proposal. I was wondering have you taken a look at like our PRD for our indexer that we're looking for by any chance?

Zack Gow: Yeah, yeah, I'm familiar with most of the most of the asks on there.

Boz Menzalji:  Okay, and then so a few things. So with all those be part of the deliverables, And one of the blockers. Historically for us has also been an archival node with that be part of the solution, or with that. Well, we have to find somebody to actually host it. Either way, it's fine. Just trying to get

Zack Gow:  Yeah. Ideally somebody else would host it. So from my experience, at least on secret. So I mean, I I have run my own nodes there. Secret was pretty tricky, like technically, like, right there, It's impossible to sync an archive node from Genesis. So I as far as I know, at least on secret one of those don't like can't even exist. There's various reasons for that. I mean I could technically host the node. If I, you know, if I really had to but I prefer to use nodes at the community has

00:05:00

Boz Menzalji: Right.

Boz Menzalji: Okay. And then secondly the proposal, you said you're confident that you'll be able to address most of the PRD requirements, which would be the tricky part like which would not be addressed by you.

Zack Gow:  Yeah. So when I was looking at this previously, okay, so pretty much the indexers a general solution for for basically any cosmos chain. But then every every network has its own caveats to it, right? So the idea of how this would be structured would be we have these separate dagster jobs, right? And in this case, what we would use this for would be Querying like the provider nodes, for example, as opposed to just the regular blockchain nodes, some of the stuff on that end. I wasn't exactly sure.

Zack Gow:  Exactly, sure. The structure of that I haven't queried that enough to, to know That makes sense.

Boz Menzalji: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. yeah, I think we can drill down deeper because I'd love to Support you, whether we get our head of product to just chat with you for a little bit. Really just assess and,â€¦

Zack Gow:  Yeah, sure.

Boz Menzalji: and flush this out, that would be helpful. And then for delegations, you know, this would be fine for us. It's just a matter of fully scoping and flushing out like the little over balls and making sure that we're all on the same page for this.

Zack Gow:  Yeah, that makes sense.

Boz Menzalji: Um those are my only questions. So really the only blocker here would be to get an archive node.

Boz Menzalji:  To support you.

Zack Gow:  Yeah, that would be the main one. Sure.

Boz Menzalji:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: And with the archive know to have to go all the way back to Genesis Zack.

Zack Gow: Yes. I mean if you wanted data from old time. Yeah. So that's that's part of the issue we've had on secret especially In like a year ago,â€¦

Cheng Wang:  Hmm.

Zack Gow: this wasn't a problem because the nodes would have basically all the transactions, I think things started breaking there. Once a state sync came out because then your regular full nodes. No longer had the full transaction history.

Cheng Wang: Got it. To be essentialization Independency andâ€¦

Zack Gow:  Yeah. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: I see. Okay, yeah, I think for our purposes,

Cheng Wang:  it would be a nice to have but not necessarily. I must have to go all the way back to Genesis. So if we can go back to just simply, you know, this main and or the upcoming one, and start fresh, or something like that, I don't think it would be too broken up about it.

Zack Gow:  And so like in this case, another thing. So if we had to if we couldn't go all the way back to Genesis, if all of the information we needed was stored in Like the Genesis file of the most recent chain or whatever. Then we could always just have a job to initially extract that loaded in and then just go from there.

Cheng Wang: Beautiful, thank you. That makes a lot of sense.

Tyler Wright: I know that Andre from the Overclock Core team has put in instructions. I just put them in the chat on how to sync the node at Height Zero. So that might be something Zack that you could take a look at just for context if you're missing it.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know that Anil has put some notes in. The Github discussion about building this out a little bit. I know that work again, we're having some, excuse some questions right now. Zack, as a next action item. Is it something possible that you can build out a little bit more detail on how you can, how this solution will be developed in some of the more I got timeline? Some of those details. If you have any questions you can get together with this group to ask those questions.

Zack Gow: Yeah, I think that sounds good. I mean to start like I just put I think it needs a diagram anyway to kind of show how everything would would flow together but yeah that sounds good to me.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Great, again, babe. This is something that's of great importance to obviously the Overclock Labs team, as well as the Akash community as a whole. Um, so this is something that will get tracked should get immediate response from Overclock lasting. We'll push across the community. So again, if you need any help on that, feel free to time in on the discord channel and Sega analytics or just respond to your GitHub discussion and you can add folks like Anil myself or others with any questions, comments etc. But really appreciate you taking the time to think about the PRD and all your efforts to help solve and build up this index.

00:10:00

Zack Gow: Oh yeah, thank you.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Again this is something that we certainly want to prioritize and track between meetings. So I know our next sig-analytics monthly if we can continue to develop and come up with the solution come to terms with if this is a route that we want to go moving forward again I know there's some other discussions and potential solutions that are in Github discussions right now. If anybody has any questions on any of those solutions, please please comment in those discussions so that we can figure out how we want to solve this problem and then work with the appropriate team to solve the problem. Get it go.

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone else have any questions for Zack about his discussion 234 right now or any other comments that anybody wants to make about analytics right now?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Well, I won't take up too much more of everyone's time. Zack, I really appreciate you showing up this again. Analytics meeting Fielding some questions from the team. Again, as an action item, Zack will continue to develop out a plan including diagram and some more information on how this indexer will come to life. If he has any questions, if he has any concerns, he's more than welcome to reach out to Overclock Labs team or any member of the community on discord or again in Github discussions. And prioritize this, to make sure that we're continuing to push this forward as quickly as possible. Once again, thank you everybody for joining Zack. Thanks again for your time on the discussion, in your time and solving. This indexer problem, is anyone else have anything they want to talk about before let you all go.

Tyler Wright:  Ahead Anil.

Anil Murty: Hey guys. Hey Tyler's. I totally was working on something and didn't see the notification for this meeting. But yeah, I just want to say, Zack, thanks for joining the call and talking to your proposal. Once you put a new version of it, we'll jump on it right away and make sure we review it. And and I think there's another person that's updated a proposal for analytics as well. I'm just looking at it right now from note feet, I don't know. But It'll be good to hear that as well, but yeah, I think sounds good. We're going to be pretty busy with the destinator, the next few weeks. But I will make sure we prioritize reviewing your your updated proposal as well.

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely, thank you, Anil. That's a good card. Again, if anybody wants to look at the discussions related to analytics, There's a discussion number 239, discussion number 234, which zacka is representing here on this again and latest call, and then another discussion around 220. And I know that again, it's again analytics group has been working for months on a number of different solutions. For again, building on index. It. So I appreciate everyone's effort across the community as we look to solve this problem. Thank you again for participating here today, we'll track updates between meetings in Sig-analytics.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks.

Meeting ended after 00:14:20 ðŸ‘‹

