
# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

### **Agenda**

- Discussion from Zack, following last month's meetings.
- Overclock Labs team exploring indexer solutions via Numia and Subquery (Subquery requiring an archival node)
- Open discussion

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, July 13, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Jin Lim
- Jigar 
- Tyler Wright
- Zack Gow

## Notes

- Tyler talked about what happened at some recent meetings including sig-analytics meeting 5 and the most recent steering committee meeting in regards to analytics.
- Zack gow gave a demo. There were a couple of bugs that Zack has been working on that he wants to refactor before diving deeper into the data.
- Anil asked if Zack needs an archival node.
- Zack has been working ***without*** an archive node, right now.
- Zack thinks he will need an archive node for provider information and some other queries, but he has downloaded 1 million blocks right now.
- Zack is focusing on the base layer right now.
- Anil mentioned that Andy runs an archival node. Anil asked if any tweaks need to be made to the archival node.
- Zack mentioned that no tweaks need to be made to that.
- Zack mentioned that the indexer does work as is.
- Anil mentioned that Jin and Anil have been connecting with the Cloudmos team, whoâ€™s indexer does not require an archival node.
- Boz mentioned that Nodefleet team has not made significant progress. They had added a discussion for building an archive node. 
- Boz asked Zack what a timeline would look like for making indexer public with some form of the PRD?Zack is working on having the metrics and dashboard ready for next week.
- Zack has not scoped out anything related to the provider. 


### Action Items:
- Zack will be heads down refactoring some code to make indexer solution public soon.
- Zack will share high level diagram of indexer structure in his [Github discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/234).
- Anil and Jin will share updates on their auditing work shortly.
- Participants should 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to analytics monthly meeting number six. The special interest group around analytics covers anything obviously analytics on a cash network. One of the biggest action items of the past couple of meetings has been around building an indexer. There's a number of efforts and conversations happening in Github discussions where again conversations start in discord channels in the analytics.

Tyler Wright: talking more detail between At the most recent analytics monthly meeting number five. Zack who's here today?

Tyler Wright: Presented a little bit on a discussion that he brought up in Github around his efforts in building the indexer. I know there were some action items coming out of that meeting around Zack building out index, or what operation, timelines and diagrams. And some of those elements, I know there's been against some other discussions happening github around archival nodes. So again, if anybody here, or anybody listening to this later, has any comments, feel free to jump in on get Github discussions or in discord. So there's been a number of things happening again between meetings at meetings and I know that I get analytics was a big topic of discussion during the steering committee that happens at the end of each month, which is an open meeting available to the entire community. We're great gates and thought that he had about analytics.

Tyler Wright: So again, I know there's a number of things happening and ongoing right now. Zack, I'm not sure if you had any follow-up, I know it's been a busy time, but do you have any follow-up from some of the action items that we discussed at monthly meeting number five that you want to share right now?

Zack Gow: Yeah, a little bit. So I mean I've already had this indexer built and it was running in production but over the past I guess towards the end of June, we encountered a couple bugs that kind of made some things tricky to work with. So currently, I mean, starting at the beginning of July, I started rewriting some parts of that indexer. So, I mean, pretty much right now, I'm still heads down just finishing up some of the final touches and that

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you for that update. I know out of the last monthly meeting you were talking about, maybe some diagrams that might help show some of the work that you're gonna be doing.

Zack Gow: Yeah, yeah. So I mean Okay, I do have diagrams of the system as it exists now and I'm happy to share them. But none of that is really a cost-specific. It's more of just a high level architectural overview. And again that is back for the existing system I had and that doesn't include the current changes that I'm putting in there, but those changes are minimal. But I am happy to share at least that existing architecture diagram, if anybody's interested

Tyler Wright: Yeah dude if you don't mind either putting it in discord or attaching it to your discussion in Github that would just be great because I know some members of the community would be interested in that kind of stuff. So if you don't mind,

Zack Gow: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All, I'm gonna update the diagram again, there's only this very, few changes that need to be made at least for that base indexer. So I could update that and then I'll make a note, add it to my discussion.

Tyler Wright: Awesome, thank you very much. Does anyone have any questions or comments around the work? That Zack is doing. Go ahead and do

Anil Murty: Hey thanks. Tyler, you guys can hear me, Hey Zack. So yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Anil Murty: thanks for the updates. I guess a couple of questions. One is If I recall the last time I read up on the proposal and stuff and I think we had a couple of conversations as well. Your index is required a archive will note to be running, right? Do you have a solution for where you get an archive, a note from at this point?

Zack Gow: Yes, I don't currently run an archive node Technically, I could start collecting data without any archive mode. I mean, I'm already collecting data to be fair. I'm not exactly sure.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Zack Gow: So, I mean, I don't know pretty much what I've done is. I extracted a million blocks and I'm just testing on those million blocks for now. I don't know how far back the current node. I'm connected to goes back, so likely I will need an archive node to go. from Block Height 1, on top of that I'm pretty sure I need an archive node for some of the specific provider related queries. But again at this point I'm still really trying the hammer out. Just finishing up that base indexer, pretty much it's just way too complicated and it's in its current state. So I really want to simplify it before I start building too much on top of that in the past I've kind of been like this is good enough and built on top of it and we ended up with a pretty

00:05:00

Zack Gow: Mess that was hard to maintain. So I really just want to clean up at the base layer before I start focusing on those, specific things.

Anil Murty: But it makes sense. Yeah, the reason I wanted to mention it was because on our side, Andy Andre above you may have had some chats with him in discord. Maybe already seen him on discord, he runs an archival node and so if you have a need And I have a note that could potentially be an archive note that you can use. what I was also curious about was Does booty have to make any sort of tweaks to the data? The way is collecting it? Or would you be able to just use it the way it is. but if you already have archive note that you're using then I guess it doesn't really matter.

Zack Gow: I'm not to be clear. I'm not using an archive node right now and I don't expect him to record. I highly highly doubt I would require any tweaks to that as long as I had The IP address orâ€¦

Anil Murty: Okay.

Zack Gow: the URL or whatever, as long as I could query that, that should be fine. But again, for I definitely don't need that right now. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Okay but I think I understand. So basically right now you just testing out if your index a solution works and for that you don't necessarily need all the blocks from block one archived. So you just taking

Zack Gow: Right right? Yeah yeah And to be clear the indexer does work as is but there's just a few refactors. I need to do to clean up some of the base layer stuff. Yeah.

Anil Murty: It makes sense. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Zack as the NEO just mentioned, once you get to that phase of trying to understand the archival know please feel free to reach out to myself. Tyler Andy Core team just to get access. And then again, it'd be great to understand if there's anything needed on top of what and is already providing. That's next steps. Does anyone else have any questions?

Zack Gow: That sounds good, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Does anyone have any questions for Zack and Zack? Much, appreciate updates on your side?

Tyler Wright: I know that there's been a number of other efforts going all happening around analytics. I'm not sure I kneel Jin. I know that you all have been working on at least auditing some things and exploring some other routes is it something you want to give an update about today, or maybe want to give it a big developed in a further meeting? Once? It's more about the kind,

Anil Murty: Yes, we've had some conversations with the cloud most team. They have a solution where they're able to run this without an archive note. So we've been talking a little bit with them, nothing that we can share right now but hope to share The next meeting So that's what Jin. And I have been focused on at least in terms of the analytics.

Anil Murty: so, I don't know if I joined this meeting, so I don't really have any updates from

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank Yeah, I believe that other group. Spoke at the last steering committee meeting. Talked to again the steering committee and talk to Greg and had some action items out of that meeting. I think they provided a proposal that they put in Github discussions. That proposal is

Tyler Wright: I think go ahead Anil.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I totally forgotten what it is so much going on, but yeah, this was the Note Fleet team, the note 3 team is, the one that proposed The third proposal, this is by and user called a qt01. In the discussions. And s, I think is probably the closest to them, but I don't think they made any significant progress as well. Because I don't know if you have any updates.

Boz Menzalji: Yeah, no significant progress on there. We just have to really just understand if there's multiple competing efforts around the index here. If it's going to be a good use of funds. So, there's just gonna be a lot of internal conversation, but also conversation with the team to just better understand the total value. That'll provide back to the community.

00:10:00

Boz Menzalji: So it's still ongoing, that's the best we can put it right for now. And just a quick question, Zack while we have you, what would be the General public timeline of when your solution would be available. To view and be accessible for the community.

Zack Gow: So I mean for that do you mean everything and the PRD are just some subset of that.

Boz Menzalji: Let's just say subset of that leading up to.

Zack Gow: Yeah, I mean, so I thought I would have had the basic transaction level stuff done by now, it wasn't unfortunately. as I mentioned before you were in the call. Basically, refactoring some portions of the base level of the indexer. I don't want to build on top of that until that's, tidied up a bit. I assume I will tie that up probably next week and if that's finished next week, at least have a lot of the basic transaction and message type information up in a dash the dashboard won't be pretty but at least they'll be the metrics and graphs up there right away. we get that basically almost for free. And anything on top of that, the provider level stuff. I mean, I still haven't scope that out yet to be fair. I want to make sure that the base indexer is cleaned up first

Zack Gow: But in theory, I think it should be really quick because all of these things are just quick jobs querying additional endpoints or doing SQL transformations. So any of these things, I think I should be able to get up right away. once this base, indexer is cleaned up a little bit more.

Boz Menzalji: Sounds good. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: And Zack, just a reminder when you get to the point of trying to understand a little bit more about provider analytics to guard who's on this call. Right here is one of the founders and leaders on the pretor team, who I know they do a number of analytics gathering to understand status. The number of things for their payday platform but they might be a great resource for you to reach out to if you haven't already.

Zack Gow: Yeah, yeah, definitely, thanks. Yeah, it's a great app. I'm a fan.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, please let me know.

Tyler Wright: So I know we got to update on what's happening with no fleet. Zack gave an update and answered any questions on the efforts that he undertaking, I know, Anil and dinner. Also working on some efforts that they gave us a high level update on and we'll share some more information Soon. Is there anything else That's indexer related that anybody wants to talk about right now that hasn't been covered to this point.

Tyler Wright: Just generally I know the Special Interest group is Focus on analytics in general with obviously the index are being one of the biggest action items that to get analytics is undertaking, Is there anything from an open discussion standpoint that anybody wants to talk about it analytics, wise, separate of indexer related to the indexer or otherwise,

Tyler Wright: again, I do want to quickly shout out the pray, 14 For their efforts on supporting GPU testnet which is still ongoing and running through next Wednesday July 19th. They have again a provider path or folks to be able to do a provider set up the APPRAID or GPU providers. That would be a prayer as well as being able to provide some high level analytics for providers on main net and on the GPU test. And so shut up, jigar the ball and the rest of the pre-tour team. I know Cloud must have been doing a fair amount of work as well and providing some of those analytics as So shout out clouds and all the work and obviously console on being able to support GPU test that as folks are deploying, AAA models, building sdls and testing those things. So, shout out to all those teams that are working hard and supporting the GPU test that Is there anything else that I haven't covered? That hasn't been covered yet?

Anil Murty: Nope, I think we're good.

Tyler Wright: I got up and taking notes in the background. I'll make those available shortly, Zack. I know we'll continue to be heads down on refactoring. Some of the things and we'll just check on him over the next couple of days. I know he'll provide a diagram after it's updated for the community to view. And then hopefully at some points next week, we should have at least some analytics that we can look at and work with from Zack, but Zack, let us know if you need anything. Again, I'm a resource. If you need me, Tyler core team and he's jigars out there. I know what Neil Boze Jin or also very responsive. So if you need anything from any of us over the next couple days, feel free to reach out.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: pretty much appreciate everyone taking the time today. Hope everyone enjoys the rest of their day. Thank you all for joining analytics monthly meeting number six. Have a great day y'all. Thank you.

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler. Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:15:48 ðŸ‘‹

