# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

### **Agenda**

- Open discussion
- Cloudmos indexer specs
- Cloudmos Acquisition Proposal: https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/216 (Github discussion: https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/286)

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, August 11, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://kqbknw24m7hpcjg4hfd2dtg4ozhiqsi4zbjdtjycxw6omyhzvfka.arweave.net/VAKm21xnzvEk3DlHoczcdk6ISRzIUjmnAr285mD5qVQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Cheng Wang
- envy | Neta DAO
- Joao Luna
- Julius Haus
- Max (Cloudmos)
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

- Previous meetings: discussion on building an indexer solution
- Max has given a demo on Cloudmos' solution
- Anil, Jin from Overclock meeting with Cloudmos team over recent weeks/months to understand their indexer's capabilities, how it meets up with spec action item (indexer needs)
- Proposal 216 related to acquiring indexer, would be open-sourced under Akash Network public repository pursuant to acquisition
- Luna: What stack is the Cloudmos indexer built on?
  - Max: NodeJS, Typescript, PostgreSQL with rn-sqlite
- goal is to open-source repo in coming days/weeks for people to be able to index and query their own databases
- Luna: At what frequency does it index? Are there any known performance bottlenecks? 
  - Max: Indexes on per-block basis; performance improvements: algorithms, creating specific database indexes for faster queries
- additional questions can be asked in #sig-analytics Discord channel and added to readme
- group can cover additional PRD items in future meetings

### Action Items:
- Read discussions, vote Prop 216

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody. To analytics monthly meeting number seven. During these analytics, special interest group meetings the group, discusses anything related to analytics on a cash. I know that there has been discussion in previous meetings about building an index or having index or solution that the community could use. I know that there will be some updates on that cover on those conversations happening. I believe a little bit later on today on if not, then obviously on discord and in the future.

Tyler Wright: Again there's been a number of discussions from members of the community over time about potential solutions, Max from the clubhouse, team has given a demo on some of the work that Cloudmos has done and their indexer solution. I know that Anil and Jen from the Overclock team have been meeting with the Cloud. Most team over recent weeks and months to look at that indexer solution and understand its capabilities. And again, talk about how it meets up with the spec, which was in early

Tyler Wright: The action item that came out. It's again, analytics, where Spec was designed by members of the group to talk about index or needs again. Many of which the cloud most team had already developed and were using again, those conversations and that auditing processes gone on for some time, I think that many people in this call have seen a person discussions around the Overclock labs acquisition of Cloud, most as well as now on, chain proposal for community, funding for the Cosmos acquisition, which is proposal number 216

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody t look at those discussions. And again, if anybody is listening to this and is within the time period, please vote after reading the discussions and looking in the community message boards again. Part of the acquisition has been around the indexer Again, Max. And the Max's have done, a lot of great work over years, working on the cache and have developed an indexer that Overclock Labs and other folks feel should be leveraged by the entire community. And so again,

Tyler Wright: Part of this process and acquisition process is to make those efforts from the cloud most team open to members of the community. And so those things will be happening over time. I'm sure follow-up discussions will happen when the time is, right. But those are just a number of things. I've been happening out of again, the analytics special interest group. I know that there's again some updates from some folks but I did want to change your order just for today. I wanted to see if there was anybody that had any open discussion items related to anything analytics. Before we talk about anything specific to the indexer and the spec does anyone have any topics analytics related that are worth discussing today with this group?

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions comments about anything that I just said regarding how we got to hear monthly meeting? Number seven? A development of indexer work with the clubhouse team and beyond.

Tyler Wright: All I know trying to look at some other items again. I know that there was some discussions going on from folks. I'll go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Just give a quick update to folks that are listening on the call right now, or maybe to recording later. as Tyler mentioned, one of the things that we've mentioned that part of the most acquisition, and as part of the discussions as the governance proposed as well, is that as part of the accusation will also be acquiring, the index presentation at the clubhouse team built, And the index speculation as know, right now is what ours. Analytics that you see inside the cloud most tools way to deployed a clubhouse.com and click on the Analytics tab on the left side. What you end up seeing all the data comes from the index definition. And so with this acquisition is hearing that the acquisition was closing the fastest. people essentially the

00:05:00

Anil Murty: be able essentially own other talking with Index accessibility As well. And as part of the accusation just like the deploy tool, the intention is to open source the index resolution. So, if anybody else wants to spin up in the presentation, it's going to be open source that up. And the Overclock team and specifically. Again, on the Overclock team. has been spending some time with the cloud working with Max, talking through and working on, setting it up locally as well as Seeing how we can produce dashboards that answers, some of the other questions that have not been answered PRD. Ense. But that is what is in progress as well. But essentially, The plan going forward is. Once the acquisition closes.

Anil Murty: we will make the index resolution open source under Akash Networks GITHUB repository and then we'll work on. Whatever is necessary Add additional features to be in vector. To answer any questions that we invest the data that today.

Anil Murty: So that's kind of the plan going forward.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Anil for that update much appreciated. Again, I know in the Ocean Transit is Anyone have any questions right now? Again, if Anil may not be able to answer, we can make sure that those get answered in discord between meeting, but anyone have any questions about next steps in terms of plans for the indexer,

Tyler Wright: Luna's asking the Chad and this might be a question at Max might be able to answer. What is the stack? The indexer is built on.

Max: Let's build with the Node.js typescript. And the database is the PostgreSQL. With the RM sequelize.

Tyler Wright: Okay, thank you. Max.

Max: You're welcome.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any other questions Max, Do you have anything that you want to add? Again I know that you've been working on this for a long time but I just was trying to give a high level update but is there anything else related to the indexer just analytics in general that you want to add or talk about?

Max: Not anything specifically but the goal is to bring the repo open source in the coming days or maybe a week or two. I don't know. And make it possible for anyone to run their own indexer. Locally.

Max: Be able to query their own database and stuff. So, Yeah, that's the goal for the very short term.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Is anyone have any other questions for Max?

Tyler Wright: Luna asking the chat being? No. Jesus a Bentley paste. Do you see any battle next and performance? What are the overall metrics? You are getting currently.

Tyler Wright: And does it index on a per buck basis? These are questions that Luna is asking in the chat.

Max: Yes, it indexes on a per block basis.

Max: for the performance, we've done a lot of performance improvements mostly Just all the algorithm works and Also, with creating A specific indexes on the database so that the queries are fast. I don't have all the details about the other performance improvements that we did, but I guess you'll be able to

Max: look at it soon. All Can ask questions later always.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Pressure, Thank you Max, for those answers. Go ahead, Anil.

Anil Murty: Yeah, then I'll just add that if there's other questions the technical or otherwise. Please do post into the Analytics channel. And what we do is when we create the open source repository later this month, you can add some answers to those questions, if not all.

Tyler Wright: Great Thank you, So again it's Anil just set up. Anybody has any additional questions again, Any questions that Luna Urban asked during this call will be in the notes, but if anybody has any other questions, feel free to ask those and analytics monthly move forward with the index here being open source.

Tyler Wright: Are there any other questions comments thoughts about? Next steps with the indexer or anything analytics related to anybody wants to talk about right now.

Tyler Wright: again, if there's nothing else, please feel free to ask any questions in between meetings, I'm sure there will be updates in the next coming days weeks as things play out in terms of the repo where, again, the indexing will live and next steps in the process and making this index are available to everybody.

Tyler Wright: And then in futures again analytics meetings, I'm sure we'll have further discussions is in Neil mentioned about. There's anything that's in the ERD that has not been covered or is not represented by In the current indexer this group can come together and figure out how to implement those solutions as a community. But again, thank you everybody. Thank you Anil for taking the time. I know you're traveling, but thank you all for the update. Thank you, Max for answering questions. And asking questions. Much appreciate everybody. Please don't be shy online. Feel free to ask any questions and we'll continue to answer them. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day. Thank you all very much.

Max: Thanks, you too.

Tyler Wright: Luna did you have your hand up? People are just doing the wrong symbol. Cool.

Tyler Wright: Appreciate everyone on this call. Have a great day. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: He said, Thanks everyone.

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: just,

Cheng Wang: Google.

00:20:00

Cheng Wang: Future.

Meeting ended after 00:23:13 ðŸ‘‹

