# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #8
## Agenda
- Review of Recent Analytics Efforts
- Archive Node Activation Discussion
- Cloudmos Team's Open Source Initiatives
- Update on Cloudmos Team's Indexer Work
- PRD and Analytics Discussion

  
## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, September 14, 2023
- Time: 9:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://t5tmhypnhybd3jpbk3amizf6m2pl66msvvbhlqjyqnynouil4ksa.arweave.net/n2bD4e0-Aj2l4VbAxGS-Zp6_eZKtQnXBOINw11EL4qQ)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)
  
## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- Davut Dayan
- Jin Lim
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Tyler Wright

  
## Meeting Notes
- Tyler outlined the ongoing efforts and the importance of open-source solutions for analytics in the Akash ecosystem.
- Tyler explained the historical need for an open-source indexer, acknowledging the Cloudmos team's contributions and their recent decision to open source their work.
- Tyler emphasized the community's focus on building and expanding upon the indexer provided by the Cloudmos team.
- Tyler mentioned that some community members have been discussing the activation of an archive node for various use cases.

### Update on Cloudmos Team's Indexer Work
- Maxime Cyr confirmed that the indexer has already been switched over and is open source.
- Maxime Cyr shared a [link for accessing](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/tree/main/indexer) the code and encouraged everyone to explore it.
- Max B discussed changes made to the indexer, focusing on GPU and USDC tracking.
- Max B mentioned the release of a new dashboard version that displays USDC and AKT spending separately and the total value spent over time.
- Max B noted the indexing of the sandbox for testing new features.
- Max B discussed plans for adding more information related to GPUs, including GPU counts and statistics on models offered and used.

#### Database Access Discussion
   - Jin mentioned working on queries to answer questions based on the Cloudmos database.
   - Jin inquired about the possibility of connecting to the Cloudmos database.
   - Jin Lim requested updating the database image on GitHub to reflect the changes in GPU stats.
   - Maxime Cyr agreed to create a new snapshot for users to manually insert the necessary columns.
 
 ### PRD and Analytics Dashboard Discussion
 - Davut Dayan introduced himself, expressing interest in the discussion and sharing his role as the co-founder of [Data Lenses](https://www.datalenses.zone/chain/osmosis), an interactive analytics platform.
 - Davut inquired if there were any undisclosed insights from the PRD that could be useful and offered potential support through his platform.
 - Tyler suggested that the PRD reflects the most current thought process discussed during analytics monthly meetings.
 - Davut expressed his plans to explore and visualize the data with data lenses and possibly provide updates in future meetings.
 - Max shared the link to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/), guiding Davut to the sections where he could find the code for front-end visualization.

### Other Matters Discussed
- Davut discussed their vision for Data Lenses to become a sophisticated tool in the ecosystem.
- He shared plans to expand the platform to cover multiple app chains in the Cosmos ecosystem and potentially introduce revenue models in the long term.
- Tyler inquired if there was a fee associated with using Data Lenses, and Davut explained that grants initially covered costs, but their goal is to provide the service to the community for free.

## Action Items
- Jin Lim to explore the GitHub repository for the code used in the indexer and possibly contribute to front-end visualization.
- Max to create a new snapshot of the database image to reflect changes in GPU stats.
- Maxime Cyr to ensure the availability of the new snapshot for those wanting to update the database image themselves.
- Group to be available to assist Davut with any questions or support related to the analytics and front-end development.
- Davut to explore the Cloudmos GitHub repository and provide updates in the next meeting.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody. To during these monthly meeting around the analytics, the group gets together and talks about everything related to analytics on the Akash network pools, any solution.

Tyler Wright: I know that there's been a fair amount of work that's gone into analytics, a couple of months, there's been a number of teams in the community that have talked about analytics and need for an indexer and open source indexer on the Akash network cloud and working on a indexer, for some time that they've been using and out of the last analytics.

Tyler Wright: And as a result, the cloud most team is in the process of open urcing. a number of their tools. I know that the Web app has already been open source and a lot of their work that the max have done over the last couple of years is now open source. And again there's a path.

Tyler Wright: To open sourcing. The indexer Jin. Who on this call, has been working closely with the cloud. Most team has been looking at the index for some time. So again, I just wanted to shout out to the work of Jin and the Max's, for all the work that they've done, I know there's some other folks in the community that have been talking about activating and archive node and again, leveraging and archived. No for a number of different use cases but again the focus for today's conversation is just to get a quick update on the work that the cloud most team has been doing around their indexer. And if there's any updates from Jin, we can get any updates from Jin. I know he's been doing a number of things. And then, we can open up for any general discussion after that.

Tyler Wright: So I know one Max might be right back but I want to pass the floor to maybe Max see if he's still here to just give us an update on all the work that they've been doing around the indexer and making that available to the community.

Maxime Cyr: Yeah sure let's start with Max B is away and so as you said we certain moving every posteries to the Cash Network GITHUB organization. And the indexer is already switched over and is open source. So if anyone wants to go look at the code and try it for themselves, they can. I'll post The link in the chat.

Maxime Cyr: Max, are you back?

Max: Yes.

Maxime Cyr: All And you want to go ahead with the minute. 6 changes. We did.

Max: Sure related to the elixir or just in general.

Maxime Cyr: Changes with the indexer. I guess.

Max: So yeah, we added the usdc and GPU tracking in the indexer. And just play or yesterday we released a new version of the dashboard that displays the usdc. and Akt spent separately and also the usdc values of the total of the two assets spent over time, which is a great chart to Have a very understanding of the amount of dollars or a dollar value spent over time.

Max: And we were indexing the sandbox as well. right now, it's just

Max: The sandbox is used to test some features that are new the minute.

Max: What else?

Max: I think that's mostly it. all revolves around the GPUs andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Max: the usdc mostly

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that again, the cloud Most team has been working on a number of things related to against supporting Akash JS. Cloud, most changes as it relates to the indexers or anything Max's on the horizon that you are thinking about, or going to be working on next.

00:05:00

Max: Yeah, we're going to be adding more information relating, the GPUs, and it's mostly like it just counts or the amounts of GPUs and we want to add more stats related to the models that are being offered and used. It's a bit more complex than it might look. Yeah. That's one of the things that will work on in the near future.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Is there anything?

Tyler Wright: Anyone have any questions about anything that is related to the indexer while again? The creators of it are here right now.

Tyler Wright: I know that you might be on the road, so again you can put in chat if you can't talk, but I know that you've been working with indexer for some time. Is there anything from your work that you want to share with the group?

Jin Lim: So I'm back in the States Fully online back from today, but I've been largely in active recently. I had to take care of some family issues, but otherwise I've been working on quarries to answer questions then, based off of the Cloud Moss. Database, but I was wondering if it was possible to connect to The Cloud, mass database instance, that your team is running Either Max, can allude to that.

Max: Yeah, for We can. Talk about the details on the private DMS, but yeah, for sure.

Jin Lim: Yeah, that's awesome. And then another thing is maybe just updating the database image that you guys have up on GitHub, just reflect the changes with your GPU stats because I'm pretty sure the one that's up right now is before those changes. So anyone would have to manually insert those columns.

Maxime Cyr: Yeah, we'll create a new snapchat for people, wanting to when it themself.

Jin Lim: And that's it for me.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Max: So you've been able to query most of the stuff that you need, I assume or not. Okay.

Jin Lim: Yeah, I've been having it. No issues.

Max: There's something that you'd like to have added or

Max: Or everything's fine.

Jin Lim: Not at the moment, regarding the things, the PRD.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Jin.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max for answering those questions as well. I want to leave some time for open discussion. Is there anything related to analytics the indexer? I know there's a PRD. The Jin's mentioned, Is there This is open discussion time. So does anyone have any questions? Comments? Concern At this time about anything analytics related.

Davut Dayan: Hey, maybe just a few words introduce myself. I haven't been in this round before. first of all, it's cool that I just were able to hop in and listen to this discussions about indexing and the other topics. Yeah so maybe just for some context. My name is Davut and I'm like the co-founder of Data Lenses which is a public interactive analytics platform that we're currently rolling out for several chains. New customer ecosystem, it is so far based on the indexing, work of numia, The project itself is incubated at lumia, but the platform is quite agnostic to wherever the data is coming from. It is a pliable and it delivers some cool insights for communities for users.

00:10:00

Davut Dayan: For providers depending on the app chain business model. And I think that's kind of the Focus point of our analytics topics that we really want to highlight the application specific data insights. And I came across the PRD in the GITHUB, which was about the analytics needs and the requirements just better analytics and the Akashi ecosystem. And that's basically why I hopped in. I texted you Tyler little message before and I just saw that you have this call. So yeah. Basically I was just wondering if they're

Davut Dayan: From this period that was on GitHub. If there are any specific metrics and topics that are not yet publicly visible, some kind of insights that are missing which could help users communities providers to meet better grasp. What is going on chain? That's basically my question and I just wanted to have that open discussion if there any points where we might be able to support maybe with the last platform or with whatever else which goes into that analytics direction.

Tyler Wright: Excellent double. Can you put some more information in the chat about the organization?

Davut Dayan: So linear data is basically likeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Davut Dayan: where we are incubated so I'm working closely with the new near team. they're basically the M The guys you provide me with the endpoints for the platform. So, I'll just type in your data in here. I think that's Looking clear in a minute or xyzed us there H and all pages called data lenses thought.

Davut Dayan: Sound, which means like that.

Davut Dayan: Either access to the recognized as a neural here in the chat. Yes, it does. And so we were initially funded by the Osmosis Grants program for the MVP that we've loung Exactly, eight weeks ago and For them. For instance, it was important to have an inside about the revenue flow with the new photograph module with the swap fees with the transaction fees just to make the revenue tangible for the community. It was for the customer stop quite important to have an insight which illustrates the revenues associated with the new replicated security, or ICS business model. So these,

Davut Dayan: the focus points that I mentioned, which are really interested in. So instead of generalizing the insights, we want to, see what is the specific use case of an app change and build the dashboard stand. On top of that business models, So That's maybe a little bit more of the context company. if you want to have a company standing behind it and the name of it, it would be like today in your data. We're not spinning off yet, but that's future plan. But we're working so close currently and that's, basically why you could think of one company for now and table ends as being one product of linear.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright: I think to answer your question and Jin and the Max's, feel free to jump in at any point. I think that PRD at this point is the most up-to-date thought process through these analytics monthly meetings that happen across a number of different themes related to the cost network. Obviously, this one being specific to analytics folks, from teams when they have availability, I know a number of people have day jobs and families but we come together both in discord. And during these monthly meetings to talk about specific subjects and how to push, again development of the specific topics forward with analytics. One of the most important things that's been an issue for a long time, is having an index.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Has been important for that indexer to be open source as so that everybody in the community can use it historically. The Cloud most team which has done an amazing work over a long period of time. Has had some tools that they've been able that they built, but those tools weren't all open source. but some of them weren't and that was their decision to be made most recently the community and Overclock Labs came together. Basically make all the work to the cloud Most team has done over the last couple of years open source. So that's where you see the indexer that Max C mentioned at the top of this call.

Tyler Wright: There are a number of other proposals that have gone out since then, from members of the community that have also wanted to see an open source indexer built, There's some discussions that you can kind of follow on Github for some other tools that are being built by. I think, so the community members, Super Fish, and there's another team that had a discussion out to build an indexer that had a number of different tools. So, again, a number of folks in the community are thinking about this index. Don't think about the analytics now that the Cloud most sition proposal went through. because the Maxi has already built something that works, as Jin is already mentioned, there's no issues with it. We've decided to move forward with the community as being able to use this tool and build off of it lever.

Tyler Wright: That PRD. So I think as time moves forward there's going to be more concerted effort in this again analytics. During these monthly meetings to continue to push forward, some of the work in that PRD again with the most important being around an open source solution. that everybody in the community can use, So that's just a little bit of background on where we are and I think a lot of time has been spent on trying to figure out what solution we could leverage so that, we can find we can use and query historical data on the network. But now that's I believe. We're moving forward with the indexer from the cloud most team again. We'll just be building off of it by adding new features and new columns and new stats based on that PRD.

Davut Dayan: It's cool to hear that on the indexing side, that it seems like there's a solution found and everything works fine. And I think it's great. And I wouldn't so much talk about the indexing side of the analytics part. But rather about the front end, and about user interfaces, and about the, interactivity that users could have to see what on the one side, we have all the data then in the back end, but to make it really tangible, we need some kind of good front and this is the part that I focusing on, and the part that I wanted to mention, which we could bring to the table. Also, as complementary piece for the analytics topic in general, and then there's one important piece in between. So if we have the wind Ind,

Davut Dayan: In general and the Big Data sets wherever they are sitting, usually we're using some kind of specific web tool like endpoints in between which have that the queries built in to extract only the data that they actually need for the front end which also have some kind of individual or capabilities to customize the data that's coming from the endpoints or for instance, like varying, the data range, or the time range, or just selecting a few columns out of that loss of data set. So this is the part that

Davut Dayan: We are currently working on the piece in between and the front end. And as mentioned initially, we're quite agnostic for where the data was you originally ingested and indexed? So yeah, that's totally fine, totally great. That a cache is moving forward with CLOUDMUS and that this works fine. I just were well wondering if for instance, I found the cloudmoss analytics over a few page Which actually is quite interesting. there was five minutes before. The meeting was I was just checking for what kind of work was done already to actually make that data available in the front end. I'm not sure if it's already based on the indexing work, or if you pull the data somewhere else. But this is basically.

00:20:00

Davut Dayan: The part of the analytics topics that I would say where we could support with the data lenses project not so much the numia and indexing part I got that but more about the front end and the way to interact with the data and to visualize it so if there is a need or if there's some kind of room collaboration or something, I'm totally open for that and that's all I wanted to mention basically.

Max: To answer your question. So yeah that we pulled the data from our custom API which pulls the data from the database that is indexed with our indexer. So Like Tyler said, all the code is open source. So if you want to look at it and see how it's

Max: I would surrender and we use the next Gs and A bunch of react libraries and stuff so it's fairly easy to read. If you're a developer, but yeah, if you want to pull the data, all the instructions Are on the github repo. If you want to run your own indexer and you're on database, and all that data from there and render your own dashboards, and do your own queries and stuff. You can do all of that right now without Theoretically, the help of anyone who we're here to help of obviously,â€¦

Davut Dayan: Okay. Yeah. Okay.

Max: but just the fact that it's open source, it's all available there. And so yeah, if you have questions about how to do stuff, kind of also ask us available

Davut Dayan: That's great. That's awesome. which guitar repo would it be which is it in the analytics section, where could I find the actual code from the moment where an xjs on both? Hey, that's basically the part of interested in, or where I could just hop on and try to visualize the data a little bit with our libraries and play around. That would be the starting point if you have a link for me. you have one. Is that the one?

Max: Yeah, I think it's a,â€¦

Davut Dayan: Yes, awesome.

Max: the mono repo and There's the indexer the API that the Web front andâ€¦

Davut Dayan: Okay.

Max: it's all under some folders and from there, if â€¦

Davut Dayan: All right.

Max: how a front end works, I believe you do and dig in and look at the components and stuff.

Davut Dayan: That sounds great Alright great, thank you for the hint, with the repo. And yeah that's cool to hear. I'll have a look and see if we can set up something and how it runs and how it looks. And maybe next month, I'll have a little update, how we were able to visualize the data if we achieve to do. So,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would think that would be a great next step if you want. I was thinking about if you had an example that you could show of kind of that front end visualization. That would also be great. But maybe you can again just walk us through at a future meeting or in discord share links so that we could take a look at what you're thinking about.

Davut Dayan: Yeah, yeah, you can basically click on the link. It's the last one in the chat. data lenses,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Davut Dayan: but zone and that's The work of the past. Weeks for US. Nurses and for the cosmos up with initially a created set of insights and depending on what the community wants which is adding more and more insights and just widgets so we call them Yeah, that's basically how it could look like.

Max: That's pretty neat, that I lenses.

Max: Yeah, great job.

Davut Dayan: Thanks.

00:25:00

Davut Dayan: Alright, so from my side was cool to get to know y'all to better understand what,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Possibly.

Davut Dayan: what this group is for, to send other takes group, particularly, and how you progress, how you work together, the open source, ethos as became quite apparent to me, too. So yeah. It's cool to see that and I'm looking forward to next month to Getting for you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely. Again I was just gonna say I'm happy that you joined and feel free to ask any questions over the next month. And again Olympics, if you have any questions I know that the Max is Jin and other folks can help you if you have any questions and then we would love for you to continue to join meetings.

Tyler Wright: Is there just for context,â€¦

Davut Dayan: Awesome.

Tyler Wright: is there a fee associated with using data lens?

Davut Dayan: The brand programs that we applied basically pay for the costs that we have. Because for these two dashboards obviously at the end indexing and building the actual widgets that was some work that had to be done so they paid for that but it's just kind of a one-time payment. So we subsidized the maintenance and whatever we'll keep it running as it is version. That is there now which the grand programs paid for both the atomic accelerator and those musgrant program, this will be available forever for free for the community. Yeah and we try to

Davut Dayan: with the other revenues that we have at numia, we try to pay for all the costs mostly, but it's always valuable if there's some kind of funding or some kind of community grand which helps to initially, set it up. And then for the maintenance, we try to get the money from somewhere else. It's can change at a certain point and to have 40 bigger vision or long term vision for lenses, it would be cool if it becomes really sophisticated.

Davut Dayan: Fix tool which in other ecosystems would be called something like Nanson or anyone like Archam intelligence where you really have that kind of intelligence marketplace. And then at that point when you can set custom alerts for specific movements or specific wallets, I would say more to trader thing than we could imagine to charge for that and whatever business model later on. But for now the plan is basically just to expand in the ecosystem to have a dashboard for most of the larger app chains and the cosmos. So that when a user visits the page, he really can access intelligence, insights information of all the chains and so far we try to Keep the costs slow and can get some grants and support, basically from the community pools.

Tyler Wright: Without me having to do too much searching and you tell me how much we got from osmosis

Davut Dayan: Yeah, from osmosis for the MVP, they paid 30,000 US dollars. And from the customer stop, we got 40,000.

Tyler Wright: Awesome.

Davut Dayan: Yes.

Davut Dayan: Right.

Tyler Wright: Okay, that's the only questions I had again. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to anybody on this call. I see another people's champ Alani here. Did anyone else have any questions about anything analytics related before we jump off?

Tyler Wright: If not got to have you back stateside again? We'll talk in between meetings and this again analytics discord channel, but it's great discussion. Thank you for the updates Max's David thank you for joining. I hope I'm not mispronounce your name but again everyone have a great rest of the day and we'll talk.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. All.

Davut Dayan: Thank you. See you guys.

Meeting ended after 00:29:48 ðŸ‘‹

