# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

### **Agenda**

- Open discussion
- Cloudmos indexer specs
- Cloudmos Acquisition Proposal: https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/216 (Github discussion: https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/286)

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, October 12th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://v5ixigio4enkf7qhvlmzfptnlx6zkdite2skrznyil2d3xih6ana.arweave.net/r1F0GQ7hGqL-B6rZkr5tXf2VDRMmpKjluEL0Pd0H8Bo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Andrew Averbah
- Anil Murty
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Jin Lim
- Julius Haus
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright


## Meeting Notes

### Review of Past Meetings and Indexer Updates
- Tyler mentioned past meetings and the open-sourcing of the indexer by Cloudmos.
- Tyler referred to an [active PRD](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-analytics/prd.md) for analytics updates.
- Discussion of the previous month's presentation of potential front-end solutions by the analytics group.
  
### Progress Update on Cloudmos Indexer and analytics Dashboard
- Jin Lim provided an update on working with Max to connect to Cloudmos data solution.
- Jin mentioned the completion of data transformation and readiness for visualization.
- Tyler asked about the location of the visualizations, to which Jin suggested using Redash as the front end.
- Jin discussed deployment plans and building dashboards based on the PRD.
  
### Discussions on Archival Node 
- Zack was mentioned as potentially building an archival node, which may be on hold.
- Damir Simpovic reported that he has spun up the archival node and it's running, offering it to anyone who needs it.
- Julius asked about which network the archive node is from (Akashnet-1 or Akashnet-2).
- Julius mentioned needing transactions from Akash Network 1.
- Damir assured that he would check and suggested that all transactions are on this node.
  
### Other Matters discussed
- Anil Murty discussed the need for quickly identifying available GPU resources on the network, both in terms of total counts and provider-specific information.
- Anil mentioned that work is underway to provide this information through various endpoints to benefit analytics solutions and clients.
- Tyler expressed appreciation for Anil's insights and mentioned that the roadmap for this feature is being worked on by Overclock Labs Core team. Suggested keeping an eye out for potential network upgrades.

## Action Items
- Interested participants to reach out to Damir (Shimpa on Discord) for access to the archival node.
- Jin to continue working and building dashboard based on the analytics PRD.

### Action Items:

- Jin is going to visualize data.
- Jin will share results with the team in discord. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. To the 9th installment of the Analytics, Special Interest Group. This specialist group deals with all things related to analytics on the Akash network, as of recently. Again, there's been some meetings in the past and discussions about creating an indexer ads of the last couple of months. Cloud. Most has gone through a process of open sourcing and making the indexer available and again, we'll continue to go through the steps. There's also an active PRD inside the city again, analytics Where folks can kind of keep up to date on some of the outstanding items that are being worked on in the background by folks.

Tyler Wright: Last month at the analytics. they were pitching potential front-end solutions that they can help the Akash network with them, putting a link to

Tyler Wright: Their website in the chat for folks, they also again got involved in discord and the Monthly basis, I get and continue and work continue Between meetings Jin. I don't want to put you on the spot, but I know that you've been working on some things related to Cloud most index. So I just want to see if there was anything that you want to update the group on today.

Jin Lim: Yeah, of course. So as you mentioned I was working with Max on connecting to their data solution which went great transformational of our tables are already completely complete and ready for visualization. So we previously considered and I did suggest use of Redash for this effort which is an open source SQL editor and it also Works as the Visualization tool and supports the connection for our current data solution in Postgres. So, currently working with another team on getting that deployed on sh. And then once that's up and running, I can get started on building dashboards to visualize the questions laid out in the PRD.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Jin. Does anyone have any questions about what Jin's working on next steps? Etc.

Tyler Wright: Called Jin. Do you know quite yet where you're thinking about posting those visualizations? I know you said on a cash but is there a front end where there'll be available or Where folks in the community can look at things.

Jin Lim: Yeah, so what I suggest is using redash, so that'll offer the front end side of it as well. Where all the visualizations will be viewable.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Jin Lim: And then I just sent a link in chat.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any questions about again? Anything that Jin, just mentioned the potatoes, to the clubhouse, indexer, and visualizations. In next steps?

Tyler Wright: I'm going to also attach again the PRD. In the chat to. So folks here have it and again I'll throw it in the notes as well.

Tyler Wright: quite I just do that. Are there anything else Analytics-wise? Anybody here wants to discuss. any questions about analytics that anybody wants to discuss while there's folks here live that are again actively working on this project.

Tyler Wright: again. There was some discussions in the past about analytics and indexers, I think there was a couple of organizations that we're thinking about supporting and Neil has mentioned in past meetings. Cloud most has already built a solution that solution is now open source. Thanks to efforts from Overclock Labs, as well as a community pool. And again, that's so data that Jin is already leveraging. And again, we'll make available After he's continued some development. If anybody else has any questions, comments, concerns about anything analytics related. Please feel to feel free to drop them in chat here. Feel free to raise your hand or Free to just drop a message or a question inside this again. Analytics, discord channel.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: I know that things again are pretty much straightforward right now. I believe there was somebody Zack potentially that was also thinking about building and an archival node. But that might be on hold for right now. So again, I don't want to waste anybody's time. Go ahead Damir.

Damir Simpovic: Adjust on the archive node, I have spun it up and it's running. So yeah, if anybody needs it, you can use it. Just let me know because it's behind some security features. So yeah, there you go.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Julius asked in the chat from Akash, net two, or from a class net one.

Tyler Wright: Is archive note?

Damir Simpovic: Archive node is from Block 1. So yeah, all the way Literally from block number one.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Go ahead. Julius.

Julius Haus: yeah, I think there was a network before a passionate 2 and it has also some transactions. because sometimes, I have to query from. Akash Network 1 to get all my transactions.

Damir Simpovic: are I would you got me. but, I don't know, I'll check but I would imagine that all the transactions are here on this note. But I'll check.

Damir Simpovic: Yep.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Julius. So again there's a damir mentioned, if anybody wants to reach out to access at archival, no feel free to reach out to Damir. Also known as Shimpa on discord and then he can get you access to our time, archival node.

Tyler Wright: I appreciate that update I'm sure we'll get more updates between The next meeting. Is there anything else analytics why to anybody wants to cover that hasn't been covered thus far?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: It's not directly analytics. But essentially one of the pain points we have right now and I think this should be pretty obvious for there is no way to know very quickly. What models of GPUs in general, what resources are available on a given provider or how many forgiven resources are available across different providers. So when you go to any of the analytics dashboards, for example, if you want to just find out how many a 100 GPUs are available right now on the network, there is no way of doing that. And then similarly, when you deploy a application and you go to the least status, there is no way of knowing what exact GPUs you've got. All it tells us to count the GPUs. So there is work on the Core Road map for

Anil Murty: making these Through various endpoints. So that not just the analytics solution, but also the clients can take advantage of it. So, some piece of information there again, it's not specifically all analytics, but some of it is

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate that. Anil that is great insight. Again, as a NEO just mentioned, that's very much on the roadmap and it's being worked on by members of Overclock Labs Core team. Right now, please look out for our announcements because again, I believe that there's a chance that there might be a network upgrade that implements some of that prior to potentially this next again, analytics meeting. So. Again, please look out for updates and discord related to that. I mean, thank you very much for bringing that up.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: So we've talked about Jin's next steps. As it pertains to his work around the cloud, most indexer, which is again now open source and available for folks to use, we talked about Damir, having an archival know that he's running. And again, he and ZJ will, or soon, he J we'll talk offline about question and Julius had. And then Anil just brought up a great point around some additional analytics, or eight pieces of information that will be available as a part of a network upgrade that's coming soon, that'll give folks. And clients more access to the kinds of GPUs that are on the network specifically by count. And then again, what kind of resources are inside the providers. So Out for announcements there soon.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that hasn't been covered that? Anybody wants to cover right now as a pertains to analytics?

Tyler Wright: Cool if not. Then again, there might be a question that I might ask in the chat over the next couple of weeks at the pertains to How can metrics but again, I'll follow up with that and Just so there's disability for all, but unless there's any other questions and we can certainly wrap up this analytics monthly meeting today. again, there will be additional work that'll be shared by Jin and other members of the team and discord and elsewhere between meetings, the recording and the notes will be available for this meeting very shortly. But does anyone have any questions before? I let you all go for the rest of the day.

Tyler Wright: if there's no questions again, thank you all for participating. look out for updates from Jin on making. Again, analytics more available to more people and if anybody needs access to archival mode for their own purposes, feel free to reach out to myself or feel free to reach out to shimpa on discord and we can get you access for Again, thank you everybody for joining today, we'll have another analytics monthly meeting in about a month. I believe there's a full schedule next week of meetings, including SIG clients.

Tyler Wright: Big documentation is coming up in a couple weeks as well as six support. So again, look out for meetings on the schedule, coming up, and again, much appreciated. Everyone's time today. Hope everyone has a great day. Thank you, in for the updates. Thank you. All for participation in the questions. And, yeah, we'll talk online. Have a great day y'all.

Julius Haus: Fine.

Meeting ended after 00:13:09 ðŸ‘‹
