sig-analytics/meetings/010-2023-12-14.md, before:

# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

### **Agenda**

- Open discussion
- Review of sig-analytics 2023

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, December 14th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Jin Lim
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright


## Meeting Notes


## Action Items

- Tyler to adjust the cadence of the meeting to every other month. If anyone has any pressing items, please leave a message in discord, or make a new discussion on Github. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to analytics monthly meeting number 10. The last monthly meeting was in October. I know that people have been very busy over the last couple of months. So we again canceled the monthly meeting that was scheduled in November. This is the last monthly meeting of 2023. Certainly. There's been a lot of progress that has happened over this year.

Tyler Wright: I know when the year started one of the big initiatives for this again analytics was to have a open source indexer. I know we explored a number of solutions and the cloudmouth team had been added closed Source solution for a little while and again was able to open source that solution halfway through the year. And so now there is an indexer that's available to folks to use. I know that last meeting shimpa mentioned that he had also set up an archival node for people to use and have access to so again, there's been a lot of work that's gone on month over month in this again Analytics. I know that there's some folks.

Tyler Wright: Jin talked about some of the work that he was going to be doing over that he'd been working on very closely with the cloud most team and it has recently shared that work over a month ago and I shared messaging in Discord. I'm gonna drop in the chat for folks here and I'll add it to the notes for folks that will be listening in later or just looking to notes later. But Jin I know that you've done a fair amount of work and again added red Dash to awesome Acosta. Do you want to talk about from the stuff that you've been doing lately?

Jin Lim: Yeah, of course. Thanks So since our last meeting I have deployed dash on Akash and an sdl can be found in awesome Lacoste tie. Just put the link in the chat. And here is the dashboard that I prepared. I just think that as To touch on the growth questions found in the discuss priority. So there's a date range filter at the top that all update all relevant charts and then some charts have their own filters as well. So currently when changing filters queries are running real time so they can take a while to update with the current resource allocations I have set I think the value of this comes from having a little bit more granularity than the cloud muscle analytics page. But the questions answered are all very high level so over the next.

Jin Lim: Month or so I would like to add some cohort analysis and measure retention and engagement over time. And some issues. I have been having sometimes you need to refresh the page a couple of times before the dashboard will actually load. And I did have a quick question for the cloud moss team. So I no longer have access to the sdl within the cloud mods deploy tool. It says it looks like this deployment was created using another deploy tool. And I have updated the sdl since submitting it to awesome Akash and was looking for a way to find the configuration to update it.

Max: Which is the other are you talking about?

Jin Lim: The one that I use for this deployment.

Max: you're saying it disappeared from the app entirely?

Jin Lim: Yes, no longer visible within the UI.

Max: Good question. the way we started currently it's in the local storage in your browser. So if you clear your browser cash. it'll just disappear. So maybe you did that. Or if some for some reason also it cannot finish. your disk space is saturated to the point where Chrome purges his own cash to make sure it can continue to work something like this. So yeah, we plan on improving the Persistence of the STL and anymore stable solution on a server the database or something like this and that the browser cash.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Hey, so just to make sure I understand I think the issue is that. even though the read Ashley post checked into awesome It's just not getting pulled into claremos. Correct Jin.

Jin Lim: I know so on the cloud Moss deploy tool once you're going to your deployments click on the active one and go to the update page it no longer shows the sdl in that section. But yeah.

00:05:00

Anil Murty: voice I see

Jin Lim: But thanks for clearing that up Max.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Rodrigo.

Rodrigo Rochin: So my issues a little similar but different I was experiencing. for some reason on cloud moves the certificates are not loading again, but now that Max said that maybe due to the cookies and culture setting probably that's why I think

Max: Yeah, this certificates are stored the same way as the sdls in the browser cache or local storage rather.

Tyler Wright: awesome Thank you Jin for that update. I gotta make sure that the dashboard content cost - XYZ that you linked here is in the notes so that other people have access to do it all also share it in Discord. So people can see it there but much appreciate all the work that you've done and then what you're thinking about doing next steps for this red.

Tyler Wright: Cool, max. I know that you've been doing a fair amount of work or the cloud most team has been doing a fair amount of work on improvements to the indexer and has been working very closely with the praetor team on some endpoint stuff. Is there anything that you want to highlight or this analytics special interest group?

Max: nothing specific in terms of stars that we're adding, but mostly

Max: what we're working on currently is to refactor the API. And all the routes they're exposed from the API. Which will be documented and version? currently, it's like just an API that we may or our own personal user or for the website use and a lot of people started using the endpoints just because they're exposed and you can use Calling them from your own API stuff. So I know a bunch of people including Rodrigo, Nicole. are using the API endpoints from Carlos API, and if we refactor all of these and release it a lot of people who have some issues or downtime you further up so

Max: our plan is to First announce it before everybody sit for sure and Also, maybe support for a short period of time like the old endpoints. Just give a period of Grace for people that are using the API correctly. So. Yeah, keep that in mind when we update the API.

Max: That's it.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you. again, I moving into the new year.

Tyler Wright: Because we have the indexer set up because the number of people are working on a number of things that are we talked about during steering committee, or we could talk about async. I have thought about changing the Cadence of this meeting. I think Anil is also mentioned it previously to maybe once every two months and then if we need to have working group session for anything in particular we can set those up as one Ops. Does anyone have any issue with that as we move into 2024?

Tyler Wright: That's how I make that adjustment. lastly, I know anil's on the call and has been leading a number of these efforts and driving in these efforts. I just want to make sure I know is there anything and don't feel obliged to say anything. You can just give a thumbs up. There's nothing but is there anything that you want to highlight on the second analytics side?

Anil Murty: No, I think those cover everything the read - dashboard is awesome. One thing I was wondering was so I guess first answer your question. I think there's nothing much more the only other thing what mentioning maybe is as part of the cloud most rebranding effort to rebrandt those motions. Akash console will be also factoring out the analytics page into its own separate page. So that's probably the most relevant to this discussion. I'm separate from that. I was just wondering when I go into Cloud moves and search for the dash SDS actually don't find it. So, I don't know if it requires that. The dash SD and be put into some category of sdls and then Cloud most completed, but I think that'd be nice to do. Something but otherwise the data visualizations look great.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Thanks for all the work on this year.

Max: Is the ISL on the awesome cash report?

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I've attached it in the chat.

Max: 

Tyler Wright: I can reattach it max. If I'll put at the bottom just for easy access. And let us know if it needs to be put in a specific folder like a meal said or anything like that.

Max: yeah, so the way we do it is we use the readme at the root under the categories. So you just need to add it in one of the categories in the readme and it'll be added to. Clubhouse That makes sense.

Anil Murty: Stuff that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: cool

Anil Murty: I figured that might be it will probably add it to data visualization. And then hopefully it'll show up.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you. All…

Max: That's good.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have anything analytics related that they want to talk about this open discussion part of the meeting. Does anyone have anything that they want to cover?

Tyler Wright: again much appreciate Jin obviously the efforts of the cloud most team led by the Max's overall slaps here again getting us from no indexer to now and open source index are available to the community so much appreciated the participation of everybody that's been here for these monthly meetings for us again analytics again. I will update the Cadence for these meetings moving into 2024, but please feel free to drop anything that you want to discuss inside the city again analytics Discord Channel and then again, we can spin up one off meeting if we need to or just continue conversations there if we want to talk about anything specific to Analytics. Again, I'm gonna give everybody.

Tyler Wright: A brand of Applause much appreciate all the time and effort that you all put in. I haven't. Hope everyone has a great holiday season and a Happy New Year and we'll see you in 2024. Thank you all.

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Jin Lim: Thanks, though.

Max: See you.

Meeting ended after 00:13:05 👋

Commit message:

sig-analytics Update 010-2023-12-14.md
Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-analytics/meetings/010-2023-12-14.md, after:

# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

### **Agenda**

- Open discussion
- Review of sig-analytics 2023

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, December 14th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ek6ahcmxfv2mnwpitrfidefkzfm6razh4zlv7cuowuue5tnrqy4q.arweave.net/IrwDiZctdMbZ6JxKgZCqyVnogyfmV1-KjrUoTs2xhjk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Anil Murty
- Jin Lim
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright


## Meeting Notes

- Tyler talked about all the progress that had been made over the year with sig-analytics.
- Cloudmos Indexer is now open source, and multiple teams are using the API.
- Shimpa has an archival node available as well. If anyone needs access feel free to reach out to him on Discord.
- Jin shared the progress he has made with [Redash](https://github.com/akash-network/awesome-akash/tree/master/Redash) tool.
- Jin talked about the items that he wants to work on over the next few months, including new views and more data.
- Max talked about how the Cloudmos team is refactoring the API for the indexer.
- Max and team will share updates as items get released.

## Action Items

- Redash will be added to Cloudmos templates via adding the Redash to the readme in a category.
- Tyler to adjust the cadence of the meeting to every other month. If anyone has any pressing items, please leave a message in discord, or make a new discussion on Github. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to analytics monthly meeting number 10. The last monthly meeting was in October. I know that people have been very busy over the last couple of months. So we again canceled the monthly meeting that was scheduled in November. This is the last monthly meeting of 2023. Certainly. There's been a lot of progress that has happened over this year.

Tyler Wright: I know when the year started one of the big initiatives for this again analytics was to have a open source indexer. I know we explored a number of solutions and the cloudmouth team had been added closed Source solution for a little while and again was able to open source that solution halfway through the year. And so now there is an indexer that's available to folks to use. I know that last meeting shimpa mentioned that he had also set up an archival node for people to use and have access to so again, there's been a lot of work that's gone on month over month in this again Analytics. I know that there's some folks.

Tyler Wright: Jin talked about some of the work that he was going to be doing over that he'd been working on very closely with the cloud most team and it has recently shared that work over a month ago and I shared messaging in Discord. I'm gonna drop in the chat for folks here and I'll add it to the notes for folks that will be listening in later or just looking to notes later. But Jin I know that you've done a fair amount of work and again added red Dash to awesome Acosta. Do you want to talk about from the stuff that you've been doing lately?

Jin Lim: Yeah, of course. Thanks So since our last meeting I have deployed dash on Akash and an sdl can be found in awesome Lacoste tie. Just put the link in the chat. And here is the dashboard that I prepared. I just think that as To touch on the growth questions found in the discuss priority. So there's a date range filter at the top that all update all relevant charts and then some charts have their own filters as well. So currently when changing filters queries are running real time so they can take a while to update with the current resource allocations I have set I think the value of this comes from having a little bit more granularity than the cloud muscle analytics page. But the questions answered are all very high level so over the next.

Jin Lim: Month or so I would like to add some cohort analysis and measure retention and engagement over time. And some issues. I have been having sometimes you need to refresh the page a couple of times before the dashboard will actually load. And I did have a quick question for the cloud moss team. So I no longer have access to the sdl within the cloud mods deploy tool. It says it looks like this deployment was created using another deploy tool. And I have updated the sdl since submitting it to awesome Akash and was looking for a way to find the configuration to update it.

Max: Which is the other are you talking about?

Jin Lim: The one that I use for this deployment.

Max: you're saying it disappeared from the app entirely?

Jin Lim: Yes, no longer visible within the UI.

Max: Good question. the way we started currently it's in the local storage in your browser. So if you clear your browser cash. it'll just disappear. So maybe you did that. Or if some for some reason also it cannot finish. your disk space is saturated to the point where Chrome purges his own cash to make sure it can continue to work something like this. So yeah, we plan on improving the Persistence of the STL and anymore stable solution on a server the database or something like this and that the browser cash.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Hey, so just to make sure I understand I think the issue is that. even though the read Ashley post checked into awesome It's just not getting pulled into claremos. Correct Jin.

Jin Lim: I know so on the cloud Moss deploy tool once you're going to your deployments click on the active one and go to the update page it no longer shows the sdl in that section. But yeah.

00:05:00

Anil Murty: voice I see

Jin Lim: But thanks for clearing that up Max.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Rodrigo.

Rodrigo Rochin: So my issues a little similar but different I was experiencing. for some reason on cloud moves the certificates are not loading again, but now that Max said that maybe due to the cookies and culture setting probably that's why I think

Max: Yeah, this certificates are stored the same way as the sdls in the browser cache or local storage rather.

Tyler Wright: awesome Thank you Jin for that update. I gotta make sure that the dashboard content cost - XYZ that you linked here is in the notes so that other people have access to do it all also share it in Discord. So people can see it there but much appreciate all the work that you've done and then what you're thinking about doing next steps for this red.

Tyler Wright: Cool, max. I know that you've been doing a fair amount of work or the cloud most team has been doing a fair amount of work on improvements to the indexer and has been working very closely with the praetor team on some endpoint stuff. Is there anything that you want to highlight or this analytics special interest group?

Max: nothing specific in terms of stars that we're adding, but mostly

Max: what we're working on currently is to refactor the API. And all the routes they're exposed from the API. Which will be documented and version? currently, it's like just an API that we may or our own personal user or for the website use and a lot of people started using the endpoints just because they're exposed and you can use Calling them from your own API stuff. So I know a bunch of people including Rodrigo, Nicole. are using the API endpoints from Carlos API, and if we refactor all of these and release it a lot of people who have some issues or downtime you further up so

Max: our plan is to First announce it before everybody sit for sure and Also, maybe support for a short period of time like the old endpoints. Just give a period of Grace for people that are using the API correctly. So. Yeah, keep that in mind when we update the API.

Max: That's it.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you. again, I moving into the new year.

Tyler Wright: Because we have the indexer set up because the number of people are working on a number of things that are we talked about during steering committee, or we could talk about async. I have thought about changing the Cadence of this meeting. I think Anil is also mentioned it previously to maybe once every two months and then if we need to have working group session for anything in particular we can set those up as one Ops. Does anyone have any issue with that as we move into 2024?

Tyler Wright: That's how I make that adjustment. lastly, I know anil's on the call and has been leading a number of these efforts and driving in these efforts. I just want to make sure I know is there anything and don't feel obliged to say anything. You can just give a thumbs up. There's nothing but is there anything that you want to highlight on the second analytics side?

Anil Murty: No, I think those cover everything the read - dashboard is awesome. One thing I was wondering was so I guess first answer your question. I think there's nothing much more the only other thing what mentioning maybe is as part of the cloud most rebranding effort to rebrandt those motions. Akash console will be also factoring out the analytics page into its own separate page. So that's probably the most relevant to this discussion. I'm separate from that. I was just wondering when I go into Cloud moves and search for the dash SDS actually don't find it. So, I don't know if it requires that. The dash SD and be put into some category of sdls and then Cloud most completed, but I think that'd be nice to do. Something but otherwise the data visualizations look great.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Thanks for all the work on this year.

Max: Is the ISL on the awesome cash report?

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I've attached it in the chat.

Max: 

Tyler Wright: I can reattach it max. If I'll put at the bottom just for easy access. And let us know if it needs to be put in a specific folder like a meal said or anything like that.

Max: yeah, so the way we do it is we use the readme at the root under the categories. So you just need to add it in one of the categories in the readme and it'll be added to. Clubhouse That makes sense.

Anil Murty: Stuff that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: cool

Anil Murty: I figured that might be it will probably add it to data visualization. And then hopefully it'll show up.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you. All…

Max: That's good.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have anything analytics related that they want to talk about this open discussion part of the meeting. Does anyone have anything that they want to cover?

Tyler Wright: again much appreciate Jin obviously the efforts of the cloud most team led by the Max's overall slaps here again getting us from no indexer to now and open source index are available to the community so much appreciated the participation of everybody that's been here for these monthly meetings for us again analytics again. I will update the Cadence for these meetings moving into 2024, but please feel free to drop anything that you want to discuss inside the city again analytics Discord Channel and then again, we can spin up one off meeting if we need to or just continue conversations there if we want to talk about anything specific to Analytics. Again, I'm gonna give everybody.

Tyler Wright: A brand of Applause much appreciate all the time and effort that you all put in. I haven't. Hope everyone has a great holiday season and a Happy New Year and we'll see you in 2024. Thank you all.

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Jin Lim: Thanks, though.

Max: See you.

Meeting ended after 00:13:05 👋
