
# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

### **Agenda**

- Open discussion
- Review of sig-analytics 2023

### **Meeting Details**

- Date: Thursday, February 15th, 2024
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- Alani Kuye
- B S
- Jigar Patel
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- tentabs
- Tyler Wright


## Meeting Notes

- Tyler talked about all the progress that had been made over the year with sig-analytics.
- Max talked about big updates to the Cloudmos API. There is a new version of the API that was released for anyone in the community to access. There will be no restrictions on access.
- Swagger documentation can be found here: https://api.cloudmos.io/v1/swagger .
- Tentabs asked about other analytics like staking wallets, transaction volume, and other token related analytics. Tentabs is a community member who has been asking some general questions in discord.
- 


## Action Items

- Cloudmos team will share any updates on API, and will let community know when older version will be deprecated. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to analytics monthly meeting a number 11. Actually the Cadence of this change has changed from every month to every two months just because there's a lot of conversation and continues to happen One of the big items out of 2023 was having a open source indexer, obviously the climos team who's represented by Max here today have made that possible and there's been a significant amount of work. It's been happening around Cloud most API and index there so much appreciate the work. I know that Max will give a small update shortly. But again because of indexers problem, which was a big problem going into 2023 now being solved all and as well as the number of archival nodes have been spun up. I know that overclock team

Tyler Wright: is one or two archival nodes and there's also a couple of community members that manage archival nodes including Euro plots the Cadence for the analytics monthly if anybody has any questions or comments about anything analytics related on the Akash Network. Feel free to drop those questions in the side this again analyt. score Channel and we'll make sure that they're talking points for future meetings or if we need to spin up a specific working group session around a topic we'll do so I also know that the pirate did and his team as a part of their proposal. Got some.

Tyler Wright: Funds mostly focus on open source auditing tools, but they also will be contributing to the index or so again as we get closer to those. We'll continue to monitor any changes happen to the indexer through the special interest group for Analytics. cool other than that at a high level again at the last meeting Jin who usually joins these meetings was talking about a dash solution that he's spun up. It's an awesome Akash if anybody wants to spin up their own version and I believe it's been added to the cloud most templates. And again what other action items was adjusting the Cadence of the meeting, so this is the first meeting of 2024. Didn't give a demo of the dash tool as well. So if anybody wants to look at the last meetings recording feel free on GitHub.

Tyler Wright: but yeah, if anybody has any agenda items they would like to talk about specifically today. Feel free to drop those in chat. Otherwise, I know that again the cloud most team. Now under overclock represented by Max B here today has been working extensively on the clubhouse API as well as some other items next. Do you want to give an update on some of your work as it pertains to analytics and some of the teams work and some of the changes that might be affecting the

Max: Yeah, So the biggest update that I have for everyone today that we just launched or released the new API. with the new routes prepended with the version so I put the link to the Swagger documentation in the chat. So if you need to change your app. Or looking for specific endpoints that we have exposed. It's all in that documentation. You can just click and try the endpoints and see what the data returns. and so in the future when we change that API or to it updates to it. It'll probably go under the V2.

Max: and we'll do the same process and update or Notify everyone that we release a new version and stuff. So Yeah, I mentioned in the signaletics chat. There's currently redirects set for the old routes. so you don't have to worry about your outbreaking if you're actually using the old routes that was in the old API. But at some point we will remove them. Just to clean up the code and not deprecated code so to use them Please update them, but we're not gonna review them tomorrow next week maybe in a few months. We'll see.

00:05:00

Max: So yeah, the big update where the API.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max. It's much appreciated again the work and the update. We'll make sure that again back and shared widely and Discord. and elsewhere

Tyler Wright: other than that, are there any specific topics that anybody wants to discuss that pertains to analytics on a cache that maybe Somebody has any questions comments concerns.

Tyler Wright: No. Okay, go ahead Max.

Max: If you have ideas about endpoints that you would like to have for.

Tyler Wright: You're fine.

Max: For a cash related stuff, Let us know we can implement it and add it to the API.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate that Max. Again. If anybody has any endpoint ideas that they want to be added. I know that the Prater team has previously asked for some items and those things have been added with no problem. So, please feel free to reach out to Max on Discord and we can again continue to make improvements to the API.

Tyler Wright: cool I don't want to waste anybody's time again if there's any updates. At Rodrigo assets. There's any rate limits right now.

Max: And nope. I don't think so. Please don't it does our API.

Tyler Wright: cool All right, if there's nothing else I'll go ahead and Max.

Max: But yeah,â€¦

tentabs: 

Max: sorry We will implement the rate limiting in. API keys at some point if I

tentabs: Can I raise my hands? Can you hearâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes, perfect. Yes.

tentabs: Hi, this is 10 tabs. I'm some random guy in the Discord. I've done data for 10 years or something at almost specially product analytics and stuff at some big companies. I'm doing web free stuff full-time right now. I'm mod a Discord and to a bunch of research and stuff and I've been looking a bunch on chain analytics for a cost. So I've been posting some stuff in the Discord and things like that. I guess I was just curious if that's something that y'all spend any time thinking about because it's not really product analytics when I've worked at companies. I haven't really looked at what the stock is doing or anything like that, but I guess I'm just curious.

tentabs: that's something you think about and then if there's any Questions that you have or anything because I've just spending a lot of time poking around in all sorts of data.

Max: There's other question for me or for anybody Taylor Tyler.

Tyler Wright: I think that might be a question for anybody. I know that again ten times has been contributing so you can see some of his comments in the Discord Channel. I are we thinking about analytics and Akash In terms of usage memory and akt daily spending all that kind of stuff. Is thatâ€¦

tentabs: I guess I'm curious about â€¦

Tyler Wright: what the question is?

tentabs: if you spend time thinking about Trends and staking or unstaking and counts of wallet holders and transaction volume and that type of thing or is that out of scope for the types of things that the folks here. Think about as far as Analytics.

Tyler Wright: In terms of analytics. I've certainly something. This for this group specifically was really tasked with trying to figure out some of the metrics that you see related to the Akash Network in terms of a staking the more stuff about the token. I believe that's more focused around Sig economics where that's barely talked about and there's very specific questions related to some of these things like, who's holding the most akt all that kind of stuff, but in terms of this specific special interest group, I think the focus is always been around.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Increasing understanding Trends in terms of demand how the network is being used. What kind of utilization and resources are being utilized and understanding the complete picture. So that is more. Clients get built. It's more users. Come on to the network. There's really a holistic picture on how the network is actually being used. Hope that answers a question.

tentabs: Got it.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Max.

Max: Yeah, just add to what you're saying Tyler and the indexer. that we built it could the technically do the things that you were talking about the tentabs the anonymous taking what's the biggest stickers just anything related to Unchained data? because all the stats that we get to display in tunnels using the index series based on Unchained data, so Whatever happens on chain, we can index it and add to the indexer or anybody can do it because it's source. So yeah open and so is your question.

tentabs: Yeah, totally. Thanks for your thoughts and stuff. I'll check out the economics Sig as well. Yeah, that's all. Thanks for the dashboard and everything. You think y'all have the best reporting that I've seen out of anyone in the lake depend CPU space. So great job. All of you that set that up.

Tyler Wright: Yeah much appreciate that tentabs one thing I'll also do I'll pass along some of the comments the person that runs Sig economics might be a person you can talk to I'm sure you're familiar but mint scan and there's a number of tools like it. It's a tool that Members of the core team and many members of the community use to kind of track some of that data that you're talking about that on chain data, but I'm going to connect one of our team members that runs that Sig economics meeting to some of these conversations. You've been having a analytics monthly March.

tentabs: Okay, perfect. I'll dig through the channel and just see what they talk about and stuff over there as well. Appreciate getting to listen on this.

Tyler Wright: a place our pleasure

Tyler Wright: Cool, are there any other topics that haven't been discussed yet as it pertains to analytics anybody wants to discuss right now?

Tyler Wright: as changes get made to the API. I'm sure that announcements will continue to be made but as Max's just mentioned. There's been a significant amount of changes. I'll make sure that The I API links are in the notes. And then again, we'll make announcements in various channels. So that folks can start integrating apis into their flows for apps or whatever else.

Tyler Wright: Great, if anybody else has any other questions comments or anything again, feel free to drop them in Discord or message me and then we can talk about them at a future meeting or we could talk about them async and Discord or other channels. As updates become available for the working group for provider audits again. We'll make sure that anything analytics related is mentioned during the analytics.

Tyler Wright: That everybody can access a cash Community groups calendar.

Tyler Wright: All right, I hope everybody has a great rest of their day. Again. Thank you for the questions comments Max. Thanks for the update on all the stuff going on with the cloud most API. But yeah, we'll just continue to stay connected. And again if I get an update from Jane on anything dash related because I know he's doing a great deal of work on that dash tool that I'll make sure he either provides a demo or a short updates again Olympics for people to stay up to date on

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: All right, y'all again. This is every two months meeting. So I want to see you next month. I'll see you on two months, and if anybody has any questions in the meantime again, we'll just talk on Discord or elsewhere, but I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you all very much.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Max: Thanks. See you.

Meeting ended after 00:15:49 ðŸ‘‹


