# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## **Agenda**
- Introduction and overview of the Analytics Interest Group 
- Updates on the open-source indexer solution 
- Feedback from the community 
- Open floor for additional topics

## **Meeting Details**
- Date: Thursday, August 15th, 2024
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## **Participants**

- B S  
- Maxime Beauchamp  
- Maxime Cyr  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Rodri R  
- Tyler Wright

## **Meeting Notes**

**Introduction and Overview of the Analytics Interest Group (Tyler Wright)**
- Tyler Wright introduced the meeting as part of the ongoing efforts of the Analytics Interest Group.
- He highlighted the group's historical focus on developing an open-source indexer solution, which is now available as open-source.
- Tyler mentioned that updates on the indexer and other relevant topics would be discussed, with community feedback encouraged.
- He informed participants that information from the index service is available on [stats.Akash.network](https://stats.akash.network/) for tracking and monitoring.

**Updates on the Open-Source Indexer Solution (Maxime Cyr)**
- Maxime Cyr provided an update on recent changes to the indexer:
  - The team added tracking for persistent storage alongside FML storage. Currently, persistent storage is combined in the UI, but it will be separated into its own graph in the future.
  - The retry interval for time checks on providers was reduced, enabling providers to come back online sooner after a failure.
  - A small bug was found and fixed in the indexer, which affected only 0.0001% of the value, having no significant impact on the statistics.
- Tyler Wright asked Maxime Cyr to share a [link](https://github.com/akash-network/console/tree/main/apps/indexer) where people can track these changes for visibility.

**Community Feedback and Discussion (Tyler Wright, Maxime Beauchamp)**
- Tyler Wright shared feedback from a Telegram user regarding the daily USD chart on the stats page:
  - The user mentioned that the chart appears "messy" in the all-time view, and the 30-day view is too short.
  - The suggestion was made to add a 90-day view and improve zoom-out functionality for easier viewing.
- Maxime Beauchamp acknowledged the feedback and mentioned that an issue had been created to address these concerns.
  - He suggested that updating the graph library could improve chart functionality and invited community members to contribute to this effort.
  - Maxime emphasized the importance of aligning on the library choice and implementation, and encouraged community involvement.

**Discussion on Meeting Frequency (Tyler Wright, Maxime Beauchamp)**
- Tyler Wright asked if there were any additional topics or updates that needed to be covered before concluding the meeting.
- Maxime Beauchamp brought up the possibility of changing the meeting frequency from bi-monthly to monthly.
- After a brief discussion, it was clarified that "bi-monthly" means every two months, and the current schedule would remain unchanged.
- Tyler Wright mentioned that the decision to keep the meetings every two months was based on the current level of updates and contributions, but they could revisit the frequency if needed.

**Open Floor for Additional Topics (Tyler Wright)**
- Tyler Wright encouraged participants to bring up any final topics or updates.
- He emphasized the importance of community involvement and reminded attendees to use Telegram and Discord for ongoing discussions.
- Tyler offered to organize one-off working group sessions for those interested in contributing more actively to the indexer or other projects.

**For Maxime Cyr:**
- Share the link to track recent changes to the indexer for visibility among the group.

**For Maxime Beauchamp:**
- Continue working on improving the chart functionality, including adding a 90-day view and zoom-out features.
- Support and engage with the community regarding contributions to the indexer and other analytics-related projects.

**For Tyler Wright:**
- Facilitate any one-off working group sessions as needed for community members interested in contributing more actively.
- Ensure that meeting notes and resources are shared with the community to encourage involvement.

**For All Participants:**
- Stay engaged with the analytics Discord channel and other platforms to provide feedback and suggestions for future meetings and projects.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: alright, welcome everybody to the analytics by monthly meeting during

Tyler Wright: Interest group for analytics the group has historically come together initially again to help develop a open source index or solution the cloud most team had one again that solution is now open source when we discussed some updates there. So I will hand you over to Max shortly to talk about any updates in addition, we get feedback from the community if there's any questions we're sharing again a lot of the information from the index service displayed on stats.com network so you can track some information there. if anybody has anything that they want to cover during this meeting feel free to drop it in. I know there's some conversation that's been going on this again analytics Discord channel, so I will bring up some of the topics there but

Tyler Wright: Max I just want to see if there is anything I know we don't meet that often. So I know that you've been working on some things related to the indexer. I just want to see if there's anything that was worth sharing with the group here today and we're with those that might be listening to the recording or watching recording later on.

Maxime Cyr: Yeah, sure and just looking the recent changes we did and the tracking for the r persistent storage. So previously when we Regularly provider to track available resources in previously. We were on the tracking FML storage. So now we're tracking persistent storage as well. It's combined in the UI for now, but eventually it will be a separate graph for it. And we also reduce the vitri interval when A Time check fails on the providers. So if I provide the the is down for whatever reason.

Maxime Cyr: we try it more than so that it can come back online sooner when it's fixed. And we also found a small bug in the indexer about how we compute resources list and spent. akts it's fixed, but we did an analysis and Found out it on the affected 0.0001% of the value. So the didn't affect the stats. in any

Maxime Cyr: significant way

Maxime Cyr: I think that's all the changes with the recently. since last meeting

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Cool. does anyone have any questions about some of the updates from maxi?

Tyler Wright: max if you don't mind when you get a chance, if you can just drop in the attach that work organization where people can kind of track some of these changes that happen just for again visibility sick.

Tyler Wright: The perfect thank you. There is one question that came in be a telegram and I just want to just get some on the record kind of feedback here today from this big analytics from a couple days ago. it was offered a suggestion that daily USD chart on the staff page looks a bit.

Tyler Wright: Quote unquote Messier noisy on the all view in the 30 day view is a bit short. So it'd be nice to have maybe a 90 day view of the USD chart.


### 00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, I created an issue on the console people for that matter.

Tyler Wright: They also talked about maybe some more in zoom out functionality for the charts this for easy viewing.

Maxime Beauchamp: But yeah, we definitely could use an updated library for displaying the graphs.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if that's something that other people can contribute to or something that Maxes you all have thought about andâ€¦

Maxime Beauchamp: There's a lot of them available right nowâ€¦

Tyler Wright: maybe move in another direction for a number of reasons.

Maxime Beauchamp: where you can zoom in.

Tyler Wright: But again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I just want to pass along that feedback from a telegram user as transcribed in Discord.

Maxime Beauchamp: And do some custom ranges.

Maxime Beauchamp: So yeah. The issue is there. We'll get to it at some point orâ€¦

Maxime Beauchamp: someone from the community. You want to implemented their more than welcome to do it.

Tyler Wright: I see a hand up.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Maxime Beauchamp: if someone wants to do it for sure the best way to approach this would be to do a short meeting with us so that we're aligned with The library choice in the implementation.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max, I guess from that perspective because I know being Max C are working on a number of things is that an issue that you think a Community member can tackle andâ€¦

Maxime Beauchamp: So yeah.

Tyler Wright: has a sense of resources to be able to tackle right now or do you think somebody might have some questions and should ask them before getting started?

Tyler Wright: excellent

Tyler Wright: All right.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max Steve. Does anyone else have any questions again? We got to update on Max C and he's dropped in chat some of the PRS that have been worked on recently much appreciate that as well as how folks can kind of track the repo and monitor and again how folks get involved if they so desire to help continue to improve indexer and some of the things around the indexer. So again, if anybody wants to get involved on is listening to this or again is getting feedback from somebody in the community. Feel free to reach out to myself Maxi or Max B and Discord because set up some time to connect with you, help you get on boarded and then, aligned on projects and then off the races. It's certainly supportive needed. Excellent. Thank you Robert. again, if anybody from the community again, there's a zeely community where there's a number of bounties and missions that are available to folks. So if anybody wants to get involved there's a working group. There's a entire daily dashboard. So feel free to get involved Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss that hasn't been discussed on the analytics front?

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Max B. Mac said I just want to see if there's anything else to potentially you want to cover for this edition of the buy monthly meeting. If not don't feel applies, but it's fun to give you the platform because I know that she goes working on a number of things. Go ahead Robert.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: If not, Go ahead Max.

Maxime Beauchamp: Bad nothing for me. So I wanted to make that here.

Tyler Wright: I appreciate All if there's nothing else again, we try to have this meeting by monthly just to connect with the community if there's some Community involvement again appreciate some of the questions that have been coming in summer suggestions through telegram through Discord keep that up. And again, if you want to get more involved there'll be something in the notes be available for folks that want to contribute some more go ahead next.

Maxime Beauchamp: I think it could be a monthly meeting for analytics. I don't know what you think about it.

Tyler Wright: You think go back to being a monthly meeting from monthly?

Maxime Beauchamp: Why yeah was it it was a monthly and then it got to buy monthly.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah, it was monthly for a while and I think as of six months ago we changed it to every other month because some people thought there was mostly just you and Maxie giving updates and at that time there was less updates to be had. I have no problem. If we want to get more contributions and meet more consistently to have it every month. But I really leave that up to you and Max C because you all are the greatest contributors to the indexer as of right now.


### 00:10:00

Maxime Beauchamp: By monthly is every two months my bad.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Maxime Beauchamp: I mixed it up with weekly.

Tyler Wright: Yeah by monthly it's every two months yeah

Maxime Beauchamp: But yeah, every two months is

Maxime Beauchamp: okay, my bad. Yeah, it's fine like this.

Tyler Wright: No problem. No problem.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so we'll keep this again at every other month. And again, if anybody has any comments concerns again, please get involved in this again analytics Discord Channel, we can create some sort of one-off working group sessions, especially at folks want to get involved and contributing to the indexer like we've done the past. So again, if you desire to get involved and contributing look at some of the repos and preset Maxi has dropped in as well as this again familiar familiarize yourself with the console in general.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you. Thanks, Max and stay safe everybody.

Maxime Cyr: That's good. So

Tyler Wright: And then again, we'll look to connect every two months as just an update on what's going on in the analytics side and see if there's anything worth discussing it more detail live. But much appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you again Robert for dropping in the daily word for this call. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day and thank you to those listening to the recording later. Feel free to get involved when you can. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:24:11 ðŸ‘‹

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

