# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Updates on Indexer by Maxime Beauchamp
- Community Contributions to Analytics on Akash
- Open Discussion on Indexer Improvements and Analytics Needs
- Scheduling and Future Meetings

## **Meeting Details**
- Date: Thursday, October 17th, 2024
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://r42dbtac4ccmnthbcyiziw5brtbvhu3bprmx4kbzgimwxti5af3q.arweave.net/jzQwzALghMbM4RYRlFuhjMNT02F8WX4oOTIZa80dAXc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- B S
- Fenil Modi
- Kiryl ‚Äúmrbro‚Äù
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Maxime Cyr

## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Introductions
- Tyler Wright welcomed attendees to the bi-monthly SIG Analytics meeting.
- Emphasized that the meeting is intended to cover analytics updates and community contributions on Akash Network.
- Mentioned that the SIG originally focused on creating an indexer for Akash analytics and continues to evolve in response to community needs.
- Shared that the indexer, initially developed by the Cloudmos team (acquired by OCL), is now open-source and available for community use, with the link shared in the Analytics Discord channel.

### Updates on Indexer by Maxime Beauchamp
- Maxime Beauchamp provided updates on recent indexer improvements.
  - A new pull request is in review, which aims to add endpoints that enhance data retrieval for the provider console.
- Highlighted recent updates allowing more customization on the Akash Network stats page:
  - Users can now set custom date ranges on visualizations by adjusting the X-axis, adding flexibility for data analysis.
  - These enhancements were implemented by a community member and are part of ongoing community-driven improvements.
- Tyler added that the recent changes were based on suggestions from community feedback, demonstrating active engagement and collaborative progress.

### Community Contributions to Analytics on Akash
- Tyler Wright acknowledged a community member's contributions to enhancing data display on the Akash stats page.
- Noted that community members are encouraged to share feedback or suggestions related to analytics through the Analytics Discord channel or by creating issues in the website repository.

### Open Discussion on Indexer Improvements and Analytics Needs
- Tyler opened the floor for additional suggestions or feedback on indexer functionality and the current analytics setup.
- Encouraged members to use the Analytics Discord channel for ongoing discussions between formal meetings, especially for suggestions on unrepresented stats or improvements in data visualization.
- Discussed the decreased need for frequent meetings due to the stability of the indexer but emphasized the importance of occasional check-ins to gather community insights and address emerging needs.
  
### Scheduling and Future Meetings
- Tyler suggested postponing the next SIG Analytics meeting until January 2025 unless urgent topics arise, as there are no pressing updates anticipated for December.
- Encouraged participants to engage in other relevant Akash working groups, mentioning upcoming meetings for the Steering Committee, Providers SIG, Docs, and Clients.
- Invited members to reach out via Discord if they have questions or need guidance on analytics or other working groups.

## Action Items
- Maxime Beauchamp: Finalize and merge the pull request adding new endpoints for provider console data retrieval.
- Community Members: Continue providing feedback on the analytics page via the Discord channel or the website repository.
- Tyler Wright: Update the community on the tentative scheduling of the next SIG Analytics meeting in January 2025, ensuring members are aware of other engagement opportunities within Akash working groups.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to Monthly meeting. During this special interest group for analytics. This group has historically been focused on things related to analytics on Akash as well as again. This specialist group came out of efforts to build an indexer as we've discussed at previous meetings. Cloud most team which was required by OCL. I think over a year ago at this point had built an index. So now that indexer again is open source, I've attached a link to it inside analytics discord channel. Just so folks have easy access to it.

Tyler Wright: During these meetings, we get a quick update from the maxes on anything that's been going on related to the indexer over the last couple of months. Again, this is a meeting that meets every other month. Frankly, this is since the indexer has come into existence, folks used to discord, channel, to ask any questions, talk about any stats, or any information that they're looking for at the indexer. and this thing is historically, been quite straight to the point and everyone seems to agree. So the cadence to meet was changed from monthly to every other month. And over time, we might see how that continues to play out Before I handed over to the Maxis to talk about any recent updates of the index, I do want to see if there's anybody else that has any agenda items that they want to discuss here today.

Tyler Wright: All right, I know since we last met, there's been some work happening around some of the stats being displayed on the cache network website, as well as just some back and changes. So be your maxi, I just didn't know if you had any updates that you wanted to provide on the index over the last couple of months or anything that you're thinking about that, you maybe want to share with the group. Or those that are listening later.

Maxime Beauchamp: Much has been done from the indexer perspective. There's currently a PR then but by Maxi, that is the upper review to add some new endpoints APN points that will fetch and more data or the provider console. And I think that's pretty much it for her analytics. That regard the past month.

Tyler Wright: I know that again. I think some people could contributed to some stat page updates and how information is displayed from the indexer. So I think thats also been a change. I think it was a change. I would suggested by a member of the community and changed by that same member of the community. So Again, if anybody's looking for‚Ä¶

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: where to find, you can always go to stats at a cost.network and see some of the visualizations from the indexer.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, it was actually a community member that did a PIs you update the child's on stats that I got a network. and previously we couldn't do custom range or date range. Now we can just By dragging the is the X-axis or both X's. You can customize the range. Of data. You want to see? Yeah, pretty cool.

Tyler Wright: Again, if anybody has any other items that they wanted, suggestions or any other recommendations that there relates to stats page, how things are visualized or just the indexer in general. Again, we used to analytics discord channel as a place to talk about this, as well as the number of other channels and discord and then again people can make issues inside the website repo Talk to again the Max's about any questions related to the indexer and then continue to improve both how stats look and maybe if there's any stats that aren't being represented that somebody's looking for we discuss that in the analytics discord channel as well.

Tyler Wright: Just tracking some again to some additional items at our last meeting. Again, we got some updates from the maxes on some of the changes that have been made to the Again that last meeting was August 15th. a couple of action items that I had were again continuing to get folks to get involved in this SIG again. I know that the indexer there isn't as much need for constant discussion. I think prior to the indexer being open source, there was a great deal of participation here, but now that the index is here working properly and, folks get quick responses and various channels from the Max's. I think there's less


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Conversation to be had at this specific Sig. Does anyone have anything else? They specifically want to talk about analytics related?

Tyler Wright: Okay, if not then I would encourage folks. Again, I've dropped in Information related to the indexer maxi dropped in some pulls that are being worked on if anybody wants to get involved again, analytics discord channel as a place to get started. If anyone has any about structure about how decisions were made, etc? Again, feel free to use again, analytics channel in between these meetings, to have to continue conversations. I do appreciate Max B giving us a quick update on all the things that I've been happening over the last month. I know that the maxes are working a great deal on Console 2.0 and some of the work around there. So again, with the indexer and a really good place, it's really about just doing some slight maintenance. And again, continuing to improve as members of the community, provide feedback, thoughts, etc.

Tyler Wright: If nobody has anything that they want to talk about, then I can certainly let y'all go a bit early again, Max, thank you for the quick update. I believe that we may just push this. The next meeting is supposed to be December. We may just push that to the New Year. Unless anybody has any specific items that come up between meetings? The next couple of months that needs to be talked about live? Again, I may just push up the next again. Analytics meeting to the New Year.

Tyler Wright: feel free to get involved in a number of other states and working groups. There's a steering committee happening in two weeks. Next week, We have providers SIG docs, which is a monthly meeting as well and then Clients will be happening in November. So again, please look to get involved in a number of the special interest groups and working groups or just get involved in discord. Ask a number of questions and if you need anything for me, feel free to reach out to me and I can help you direct you to folks that you need to get in contact with. Again, much appreciated, everyone's time today. Thank you for the updates. We'll continue to talk everything indexer the analytics discord channel, but I hope everyone has a great rest of your day. Thank you all again. Talk to you soon.

Maxime Beauchamp: Thanks, Tyler. The

Tyler Wright: Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:08:45 üëã

