# Akash Network - Analytics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- Update on Meeting Cadence
- Discussion on Proposal 776 by Oxnirmal
  - Purpose and Scope
  - Indexing Akash Data
  - Analytics Dashboard Development
  - Agent Integration for Akash Data
  - Budget and Sustainability Plan
- Open Discussion and Q&A

## **Meeting Details**
- Date: Thursday, February 20, 2025
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- B S
- Deathless
- Dimokus
- Joao Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Nirmal Krishnan
- Rodri R


## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Introductions
- Tyler Wright welcomed attendees to the SIG Analytics meeting.
- Announced that SIG Analytics meetings have transitioned from bi-monthly to a quarterly cadence due to the stability of the indexer and lower demand for frequent discussions.
- Stressed that the meetingâ€™s purpose is to discuss updates on analytics, the indexer, and any new proposals impacting Akash Network.

### Discussion on [Proposal 776](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/776) by Oxnirmal
#### Purpose and Scope
- Proposal 776, initiated by Oxnirmal, aims to increase visibility, insights, and engagement around Akash data.
- The proposal has received significant feedback from the community and core team.
- Next steps include presenting the proposal again at the Steering Committee Meeting on March 6 and moving forward with an on-chain governance proposal for funding.

#### Indexing Akash Data
- Nirmal Krishnan presented the proposal, emphasizing the need for better indexing and data availability.
- The goal is to improve accessibility for non-technical users, such as institutions and funds, allowing them to query data more efficiently.
- The current indexer lacks enriched data, offering only raw Cosmos transaction data.
- The team has started indexing the chain and is close to tip, expecting to make the indexed data available early next week.
- Benefits include a public data share for easy SQL-based querying at no cost to end users.

#### Analytics Dashboard Development
- The plan includes developing a dedicated analytics dashboard for Akash.
- The dashboard will display key network utilization metrics and provider activity.
- Proposed interactive visualization tools to enhance user experience.
- Requested community feedback on additional metrics to be included.

#### Agent Integration for Akash Data
- Discussion on leveraging AI agents to interface with Akashâ€™s indexed data.
- The system would integrate natural language processing, allowing non-technical users to query Akash analytics.
- Collaboration with Anthropic to develop Model Context Protocol (MCP).
- Envisioned integration with Akash Chat for seamless querying of Akash-related data.

#### Budget and Sustainability Plan
- The proposal requests $1,500 per month in AKT to support the development and maintenance of the indexer and analytics tools.
- The data share will remain free for the duration of the contract.
- In the long run, a usage-based pricing model may be introduced, though 99% of users are expected to access it for free.
- All work will be open-source and available to the community.

### Open Discussion and Q&A
#### Questions and Responses
- Joao Luna asked whether Oxnirmal planned to extend the current indexer or create a new proprietary solution.
  - The team is using the existing indexer but is open to making improvements and adding missing fields based on community feedback.
  
- Tyler Wright raised concerns about potential paywalls for data access in the future.
  - The product will remain free, but high-volume users may be charged under a usage-based model.
  
- Maxime Beauchamp confirmed that recent updates to the indexer have added transaction event tracking.
  - This has increased the indexer snapshot size to over 500GB.
  
- Rodri R inquired about performance issues with the current indexer.
  - The indexer is performing well with minimal latency, and there are no plans to develop a separate indexer.

- 31 Train Man (not present) had suggested integrating third-party S3 storage.
  - Nirmal will follow up with 31 Train Man on Discord.
 

#### Closing Remarks
- Tyler Wright encouraged members to continue providing feedback via Discord and the on-chain discussion forum.
- Acknowledged Oxnirmal's progress and thanked all attendees for their contributions.
- Reminded everyone that the next SIG Analytics meeting will be in a few months.

## Action Items
- Oxnirmal to continue indexing and launch the public data share next week.
- Community members to provide feedback on the analytics dashboard metrics.
- Follow-up discussion at the Steering Committee Meeting on March 6.
- Tyler Wright to ensure meeting notes, transcript, and video recording are published.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Analytics month or meeting rather. the SIG Analytics is now a quarterly meeting. I think it was previously monthly and then changed to the cadence of bimonthly. really the goal of the SIG analytics is to talk about anything related to analytics on the indexer when this special interest group was originally formed there was no open-source indexer available and with the help of Max B who's on the call max C and others again a first indexer solution was introduced since then this SIG has been used to discuss any additional items that need to be added to the indexer or any other analytics related

Tyler Wright: items whether they live on the website console or elsewhere. Again, because there's not that much that goes on, we've changed the cadence of this meeting because there's so much else going on in the AOS community.  As of the last month, there has been a proposal that was put on chain by a team Oxnormal. it's discussion 776. I'm going to put in the chat. there's been a lot of feedback around this discussion. They've laid out their plans. They've talked to members of the core team.  And so this analytics meeting is to let them talk a little bit more about their proposal and discussion live with members of the community. See if there's any questions that anybody wants to talk to them live about during the sick analytics call.

Tyler Wright: From there they are going to I will make sure that the notes and the video transcripts are made available and added to the discussion and as quickly as possible. more folks can get involved over the next couple of weeks. And then the next steering committee this group plans to present again at the steering committee just to get any final thoughts from other members of the community as well as the steering committee and then they plan to put a proposal on chain to get community funds to do a great deal of the work that they've outlined in their discussion.  So again, I wanted to allow normal to be able to talk a little bit about the discussion here with the group. If there's any other items related to SIG Analytics, agenda items that anybody wants to feel free to drop them in the chat and we can make sure that we cover them.

Tyler Wright: But again a fair amount of the meeting here today is just to talk about discussion 776 and continue to move this through the open framework. So I'll hand it over to you and we can discuss a little bit more and I'm feel free to share screen or I can share screen with the discussion.

Nirmal Krishnan: Yeah, thanks so much I'm happy to share screen. just give me one quick second. yeah, so the purpose of discuss discussion, as Tyler mentioned, is really just to request feedback on our proposal. I would love to understand if there are needs in the community that are underressed from our proposal. in general, I think there's three main parts to this proposal.  And before I go over scope, largely the purpose of it is to increase visibility, insights, engagement and community around Akos data, I think the work that has been done on the indexer and AOS stats has been fabulous and in no means does this intend to sort of replace that work. It's really meant to sit on top of the awesome work that's already been done.

Nirmal Krishnan: and I think in the context of just indexing in general there are a couple of pieces here in terms of maximizing sort of visibility, engagement and community around data and kind of at the core building block is really indexing that data having high quality indexers that ultimately folks at funds at institutions can then run themselves and ultimately replicate this analysis.  And then the last part is really like the analytics layer, being able to ultimately run queries against that index data and be able to understand sort of user patterns, understand GPU usage utilization over time. And the problem that we're really intending to solve with this overall workflow is that today despite the awesome amount of work that's been done on the indexer, it is a manual effort. there is labor involved and most funds institutions are not technical.

Nirmal Krishnan: so they struggle with ultimately connecting the full story there. And so the goal really of this product and this platform that we're proposing is to make it much much easier for those folks to write SQL directly against a database have all of that data indexed and date and ultimately build a Dooml experience without obviously having to pay the very expensive fee to get listed on Dune. So ultimately what we're trying to do is three parts.  The first part is doing the actual Akash data indexing. we're using obviously the latest indexer and we have access to GPU usage, utilization, all of the important metrics that Max and company have developed over time. and so that's part one is doing the indexing and building this public data share of Akos data.


### 00:05:00

Nirmal Krishnan: and some might ask isn't there already an existing index of Akos data? there is a provider that today services kos. However, that provider only does raw Cosmos transaction data. So they only have They only have transactions. They don't have the enriched data that's ultimately really really important for folks to be able to write queries and so that's part one. We've started this effort already. We're indexing the chain. We're pretty close to tip now. and we should have that data share live sometime early next week. so step one pretty simple index the chain build this public data share allow anyone to write SQL against it on our platform. we don't charge anything ultimately to our users to be able to engage with this data. you can go from sign up to writing SQL queries and building charting against AOS data hopefully in just a couple of minutes.

Nirmal Krishnan: I'll pause there and see if there are any questions, concerns on that before I move on. step two here is now that we have all this awesome data, we want to build a dedicated analytics dashboard for Akos. I think that there's always a growing list of, asks from analysts and asks internally in this committee in terms of, statistics that can be shown. and I think once we have all this index data, we'd love to use our charting library to kind of show off the growth of the platform over time. and so I've listed a set of metrics that I think would be relevant to the community. we've added a couple of new endpoints to the AOS stats repository already to service this in an existing use case. But ultimately straightforward here, we're taking the data that we've indexed and we've written SQL queries against and we can show that off in an interactive dashboard here that folks can ultimately interact with.

Nirmal Krishnan: if there's any feedback on kind of the statistics that need to be shown here, we're very happy to take feedback. it's reasonably straightforward for us to tweak these queries and ultimately be able to update these hboard but the kind couple of screens that we had were just providers across the overall network utilization, and network utilization for s across specific models. and that is that.  And then I'll pause there again to see if there are any questions on this particular use case. I'll keep going. The last part of this is the part that I think is the most interesting and perhaps the most and so this is a conversation that Greg actually had with AIXPTt a few months ago. and the basic context here is obviously there have been an influx of agents on Twitter and the likes.

Nirmal Krishnan: those agents are using natural language. they're scraping Twitter to ultimately understand the Kosh data. and what we're developing in our product is a way for agents to ultimately interface with data in our marketplace. So Akos a data marketplace entrant will be one of those data sets that our agent and our agent kit will be able to interact with.  And since this proposal has been announced, we've done a couple of iterations here and we figured out a slightly better way of doing this. we're using Enthropic's the basic idea behind model context protocol is you can install extensions into cloud into things like chatgpt. and those extensions will ultimately let you interface with data that is not in cloud or chatgpt by nature.

Nirmal Krishnan: and so our hope here is to obviously use that data that's in this marketplace this index data and be able to service use cases like this where the next AIXPT with model context protocol installed will now have access to the Sakatch data. we've figured out an architecture here that makes sense. We're still running evals on it still trying to improve it. this is about like a three-month away endeavor in terms of actually getting to this. But kind of the end of the landscape here is okay, we've got the data indexed, we've got the data reasonably well cataloged in good tables and in good views and now we can feed all this data to the next AIXPT and largely also we can feed this to existing existing inference providers like a kosh chat.


### 00:10:00

Nirmal Krishnan: So AOS chat can add a new MCP integration and now you can query about AOS in AOS chat and I think that would be a really really cool framework for ultimately tying this all together. and that is our proposal in a nutshell. it is a 3 to four month development cycle. We've already started on the indexing portion now. we're going to spend time after we've done the indexing and done the quality controls moving on to the dashboard development and then this agent integration.  I think honestly it may move faster than month three, month four. we're working on it right now and once that thing is live, it will generalize to all the data sets including the data set that we have here that we're planning on indexing. But that is kind of the full framework in terms of just our success criteria. as I mentioned those three sort of pieces and milestones standard SLAs. So we want to do three nines.

Nirmal Krishnan: we want to have, reasonably fast query response times as long as the query size is common and well accepted. If you're querying the entire database, obviously it's not going to be less than 5 seconds. but that is ultimately our framework for our success criteria. in terms of budget, we're asking for 1500 a month payable in AKT. and we're trying to build something sustainable here, something that, will be valuable to the Akos community. And ultimately, we're hoping that is a fair amount to propose. Anyways, I'll pause there and see if there's any feedback or questions so far.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you. there's a question in the chat.

Tyler Wright: Is indexing being done by extending our current index or is a new proprietary implementation?

Nirmal Krishnan: It's a great question.

Nirmal Krishnan: We are planning on running the existing indexer. that being said, I'm happy to accommodate new changes to that indexer. So, we've made a couple of small PRs not to the indexer itself, but to the sort of stats ecosystem as a whole. and so if there are specific fields that folks are excited about that they feel maybe may be cataloged by the existing indexer, I'm happy to work with Max on this to add new features as we go. But that's really kind of a request from the community.

Tyler Wright: I know that you all talked about your all's business model as well. I mean obviously any funds that come from the community pool are designed to be of open source nature.  Is there ever a world in which the CA capabilities that you described and laid out here today would be somehow behind some sort of pay wall over time or just is there any way to make sure that access to a lot of the work that you're going to be doing is going to be made available to the community forever? That make any sense whatsoever?

Nirmal Krishnan: Yeah, absolutely. It's a great question, Ty So, we have two types of data sharers. we have free ones and we have paid ones. And today, all of them are free. with this proposal, what we're proposing is a free data share for the extent of the contract. So, there will be payw wall, fixed cost upfront. That being said, I would say that, we are planning on doing usage based pricing on the warehouse product long term. we're going to have a very generous free tier and all of the work here is going to be done in public and so from that framework I think 99% of folks who use this product will get to use it for free. If you're in the top 1% of usage I imagine over time we may want to monetize that. But at this time the product is totally free. I just don't want to ultimately overpromise there. at this point in time it's 100% free.

Nirmal Krishnan: At some point in time there may be usage based pricing but I imagine 99% of our users will not have to incur any cost.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. and not to put Max on the spot, but I know that Max has been again heavily involved in the indexer since his inception, being that he conceded this with another Max. just want to see if there's any thoughts, concerns, other questions, Max, that you have that maybe haven't been a part of the discussion as we continue to push this forward. And feel freeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if you can drop him in signal. Hope is he can

Maxime Beauchamp: I can talk.

Maxime Beauchamp: We can talk. Thanks, no, I mean, we talked offline, me and their model about this proposal he did with some work, created some PR makes sense to me. no further comment from me other than just FYI we did update the indexer recently to add transaction events and so there's a new snapshot which is significantly bigger FY if you want to have all the data for that or you can just update it and run the migration that will start indexing transaction events.


### 00:15:00

Maxime Beauchamp: from where you are currently but not have all the history inside it.

Nirmal Krishnan: I think we actually picked this up, Max. it's 140 gigs now as opposed to the previous se 70 or so gigs. Am I right here?

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah. that's a gzip but if you unzip it it's like 500 g gabyte. So yeah it's quite heavy  Cool.

Nirmal Krishnan: Yeah, we've got the updated snap. I think that's why we're not quite at tip yet. but what we're working off the updated snap.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Max. Luna asked another question in the chat. Let's say our indexer doesn't meet your needs, whether it be performance or otherwise. is there a plan model to address any holes that maybe our indexer has? And then, just want to see if you had any other things. Maybe he's going off track, but just wondering is there several indexing solutions, each with its own perks?

Nirmal Krishnan: I'm not sure I totally understand this question, are you saying the indexer isn't meeting our needs in terms of the data in terms of some other mode in terms of performance.

Tyler Wright: He might be in a place where he can't talk right now. so he's talking about just data and performance.

Nirmal Krishnan: So I would say that we have not run into any issues. backfilling obviously takes some time. and we're back filling right now. but in terms of overall our indexer is perfect. in terms of performance, I have not noticed any issues. I think we pretty much stay on tip once we're there. it's like max a couple minutes of latency.

Nirmal Krishnan: but I've not noticed any performance issues. And so from that framework, I don't really see us writing our own indexer and I don't think that would be a great use of time I think it's actually better to be able to collaborate across a single codebase and we can kind of use each other's abstractions together. in terms of statistics, as I mentioned earlier, if there are specific metrics that have not been indexed today, specific outputs that haven't been, well cataloged, I'm happy to work with Max on this and we can get those fields added. But yeah, intention to write our own indexer at this point. I think it's better to kind of just collaborate on one codebase.

Tyler Wright: I appreciate again you going through the discussion, ing out the three steps laying out the budget. Again, I think it was a very clean proposal you've been responsive to those and been asking questions. So much appreciated. and you guys are continuing to move forward even as you continue to again go through the process and then put a proposal up on chain. Just want to see if there's anything else from anybody that they wanted to ask or discuss in more detail.

Nirmal Krishnan: I was going to ask if 31 Train Man is potentially on this call today.

Tyler Wright: He is not Yeah.

Nirmal Krishnan: He's not. Okay. he had one kind of question on our proposal that I was hoping to be able to engage him on adding S3,â€¦

Nirmal Krishnan: third party S3 storage. I pinged him on Discord, but I guess I'll wait for him to come back to me on that.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. And again, you can feel free to drop any notes. I know that he's a community member that's very involved in some of these S3 storage kind of functionality and so he's always thinking from that lens. but feel free to drop any comments. and I think his hours are a little bit all over the place, so he joins when he can.  So, shout out to 31 training there. All right. Again, much appreciate you taking the time today. please, anybody here, anybody that's listening to this later, feel free to drop any comments inside the discussion. Again, the goal of normal and the team is to continue work as they're doing right now.  Then they're going to talk in a little bit more depth during the steering committee which I believe is March 6th. and then they going to put proposal on chain.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: So, again, please take this next couple of weeks to give them as much feedback, ask as many questions as possible. because this is again a team that is already, shown the ability to start the work, has worked already closely with members of the core team, and is again committed to helping out, the current indexer. so we just want to continue to push this proposal forward and again address any issues and let them go on their way. again, much appreciate you taking the time. just want to see if there's any other topics that anybody wants to discuss, analytics otherwise related to indexer. All right, then if not then again I appreciate everybody taking the time.

Tyler Wright: I'll make sure that this video recording, the transcript and the notes are made available and I'll drop them as a comment inside of the discussion. please feel free to leave any additional feedback asking additional questions. but much appreciate everyone's participation this open framework and helping projects and teams continue to push their projects forward and leverage the community pool to continue to improve the Akash network and everything around it.  So appreciate everyone's time today. please feel free to ask any additional questions inside a discussion or inside SIG Analytics and we will see each other in a few months. Thanks everybody. Have a great rest of your day. Bye-bye.

Rodri R: You guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:21:59 ðŸ‘‹



