

# Akash Network - Client Libraries Working Group (wg) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Discussion of https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/8 lead by Joao Luna
- Discussion of Akash CLI with questions from Joao Luna
- Discussion of AkashJS at a high level and next steps lead by Joseph Tary

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, February 7, 2023
- Time: 01:00 PM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://yjnhucpjmpbftxcrx7eozj3vhxpwrbjhqfw3t5a3kluwfsach2rq.arweave.net/wlp6CeljwlncUb_I7Kd1Pd9ohSeBbbn0G1LpYsgCPqM)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Joao Luna
- Joseph Tary
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Крис Тофер



## Notes

## **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Awesome. All right, I know this was a call to go over PRD that Luna's been working on. So, with that said, I'll just passed off to Luna to get us started.

Joao Luna: Yeah, sure. Let me just open here. So we have currently being developing the PRD for the client libraries, we are still getting a lot of information on On how you've done it with your CLI, to get some some context as well as reading through the cosmos. SDK and and thinking, on how how we can

Joao Luna: And implement this the best way possible and how how we can satisfy the users needs for and the developers needs to interact with the Akash network. We have made a draft that was merged. It was one that thought zero, and then we created a wonder one as well, because we were concerned on a couple of errors and how we should handle them. Also, implement sick, breaking and other stuff, everything specified to to better understand this. And then move forward.

Joao Luna:  And yeah, the that's That's it, I don't know if you want me to to go through everything, that's specified there. Like an overview of, what's there? What we are planning to implement

Tyler Wright: That'd be great. Do you want me to share screen or do you want to share screen?

Joao Luna:  He you can share the screen then if you want and open the specification and we can go through it.

Anil Murty: I think it might be easiest, just to share the pull request with the reviews and other than the person that could make it. Everybody else is like Say. Let's just try to resolve this. We can merge it in.

Joao Luna: Okay, okay. so,

Joao Luna:  okay, so we can go through this. So there was a question for what was this sequence? And this is something that we Think we might have to.

Joao Luna:  To address. I'm not sure if the client libraries or not. It's a problem that's been consistently appearing. Throughout everything, we do on their cash network. It started on the The character from provider, but then it also the problem is also appearing on the providers as well. And this was a question, kind of related to that, which is the anti-replay mechanism that Cosmos SDK has. So, it doesn't allow much transactions, multiple transactions from the same from the same account to be on, on the block. This can be mitigated by having several messages on the Simpson transactions, but the users of the client libraries, they

Joao Luna:  They might not be able to, to do this kind of stuff. For instance, the terraform provider is runs in parallel, the bunch of deployments and it can easily integrate in one transaction. Several messages. So we have to think of a way where we can either like some something. Will let?

Joao Luna:  Something maybe not quite the best option, but something like a mutex for a block where a bunch of processes can share it and know when they can put them, put their transactions on on the block. But these are some concerns that we have on the client libraries in. This comment is kind of related to that as well. Not sure if you have any questions or any insights on this.

Adam Bozanich: and, so yeah, you need to you need to batch things up.

Adam Bozanich:  By a cidered by transaction signer, for sure. The issue with doing that. Is that if one? It basically turns into, you know, big transaction. and so one of them failed and they all fail, Like we consider doing this in for the provider, but The, I mean they need to basically doesn't work because you have to go and retry everything that like you don't know which one it's basically turns into a mess.

00:05:00

Adam Bozanich:  with respect to, like, finding it in blocks, the issue is that

Adam Bozanich:  You broadcast the message out to the, to the network. And the notes gossip, those transactions amongst themselves so that it gets just distributed around. and then, Whichever validator is producing the block to sides. Which transactions go in the next block. So, you really from the client, it's difficult to say like Hey I want all these to be in one blog again in this you wrap it all in one transaction. but then you run into this issue of again, you know, If one fails it all fails.

Joao Luna: Yes and also one issue that we have I don't know if you have a solution for that is what if we have different processes?

Adam Bozanich: Yes.

Joao Luna:  In interacting on the same block basically, they all share the same accounts that are different processes.

Adam Bozanich:  Yes. So for that one, we are again part of that. I don't. Sorry kind of repeating myself a bunch today, but the like, for instance, the provider Microservices project. So, for in the provider, we have one process or like one sir, like basically one state machine that all it does is in transactions. Now it's all it's in the same process as everything else right now. But like, one of the first things we need to do for the provider side. Is that off into a MICROSERVICE, so just has normal API and anything you want to do from the Providers account. For many process, you send that little microservice.

Adam Bozanich: The transaction and that thing deals with like,…

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: that's it, you know, what? It's abstracting away that the node basically, but it deals with managing the sequence numbers and retrys and all that kind of stuff. But that's like server side stuff, right? That's like this for the provider.

Adam Bozanich:  Doing that like as a client, like, I don't know, client means a lot of things like, You know, maybe that would be cool as a client library for the provider to be able to use. But if like I'm doing a deployment for instance, then Having one of those things would be cool, but it'd mean running a demon little Damon in the background.

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  So you know it could be something that like be good for you to go talk to other integrators other SDK. See if there's any better solutions out there in Cosmos. They're very well could be that that we're not aware of right now. It used to be that the one client could have multiple transactions in the same block and I'm pretty sure that that's still the case.

Adam Bozanich:  but, You do have to track the sequence number yourself. That that is that it's an issue.

Joao Luna: Yeah, that's at the end. That's that's still the issue on different processes if we don't implement communication between them.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. and even if you do like, frankly, There have been a lot of bugs in in the memory pool of the notes where the sequence number is just get stuck. Frankly and like the only solution is to restart the notes. So it's it's definitely a hairy part of working with the chain.

Adam Bozanich:  And yeah.

Adam Bozanich: It's, it's a frustrating, definitely frustrating part. I don't know what else to add, but just a little bit of context that can.

Joao Luna: Okay, here.

Tyler Wright: Artured. Go ahead.

Artur Troian: Oh yeah, I mean other much recovered the same thing. So

Tyler Wright: Okay. Go ahead, Luna. You want me to move down?

Joao Luna:  Yes. So that was one of the concerns. Also, what else? Okay, yeah. Here we have. Anil. He pointed out the redeploy If we needed a redeploy. I think we are clear on that. 3-deploy is like Like a grouping of operations, rather than an operation, a standalone operation, I guess we can. We agree on that, right? so,

00:10:00

Joao Luna:  Yeah. Anyways, just so everyone is clear on that as well. After yeah.

Artur Troian: Yeah, just look at removing away from using HTML text. Please.

Joao Luna: Yeah, we already replaced it.

Artur Troian:  In the one down. Okay, thank you.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think Adam suggested that I already replaced request.

Joao Luna:  Okay, from this point, everything's clear as well. We've also we have this question that won't solid up. There he is. Waiting on some clarifications regarding those three errors. I haven't looked at it myself yet, I haven't had the time. We are wondering whether they are recoverable or not. I don't know if you have a, if you have a cool, a quick answer me, you can maybe write and reply to him, otherwise I'd go. Research that as well.

Artur Troian: Um, yeah, so the invalid height to be, honestly, don't know, however, was that why it can happen because on the transaction, we are not declined. Does not decide on what height is gonna be committed. It's up to the validator as a pointed out earlier. Yeah man pulls who I mean yeah,…

Joao Luna:  Yes.

Artur Troian: that's all coverable. You can just listen me there. uh, too many signatures, I don't remember doesn't mean like multiple signature per transactions, like mood to see…

Joao Luna:  That seems like that I haven't.

Artur Troian: I'm not sure.

Artur Troian: yeah, I mean yeah I mean that that one is recoverable I suppose so Yeah.

Joao Luna: Recovered from the sense of the symptoms.

Joao Luna: If it has many signatures, I will always have like, in a sense that that same transaction will not change. Signatures so from the name, it looks unrecoverable but I'm not sure.

Artur Troian: I mean.

Adam Bozanich: When you recover,…

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I don't think I don't think that.

Adam Bozanich: what? Sorry, I'm sorry. I'm a little out of context. What do you mean by recoverable here?

Joao Luna: It's like so we want to separate into two groups where we one could like the recurrables can benefit from a retry policy mechanism and non-recoverables wouldn't be retried.

Adam Bozanich: Ice.

Joao Luna: So for instance, if I have like let's say I have one that has an invalid sequence or something. It doesn't make sense to to retry that transaction.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Got it.

Joao Luna: It's Non-recoverable repair.

Artur Troian: No, it actually might know Here's the thing right there with sequence is actually recoverable because what you can do is the mode returns for you. The sequence number that expects so you can take it and recently transaction. That's actually what we do is provider, it doesn't work right now but that's the way it's supposed to. I don't think actually anybody.

Joao Luna: But if we, if we send the same transaction, does it pass. So in this,…

Artur Troian:  Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: here recovery is not the scope of a single transaction. We don't change anything on it.

Artur Troian: Yeah. You can send you can send the there's a sequence mismatch.

Joao Luna: Okay, okay.

Artur Troian: So this what secret is much me that there are a few reasons for that. Number one is RPC, note is out of seeing for some reason, it falls behind So and then What happens is clients and sequence 4g, but are we see node is on sequence 39 for some reason and…

Joao Luna: and,

Artur Troian: that's gonna fail. Number two is the transaction failed. But the let's say sequence number was increased but the client treated it as the failure and didn't increase sequence number, that's what can cause it as well. So it's recoverable, you can just increase, it takes it, set it, proper value, and that's pretty much it. Um, invalid height, I don't be on the thing that's actually relevant to transactions.

Joao Luna: It.

Artur Troian: Because client does not decide on what height, it's gonna be. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: So I don't know, the context in which invalid height is sent. I've never seen it decent but I think I know where it could one area that the client might hit. This is that you can say,

Adam Bozanich:  this is because someone new, but you can say like, Hey if this transaction doesn't execute by this particular by block X, then discard it. and so if x is already, you know, I can see a case where, like, if x is already passed and you submitted to a node, it comes back and says, Hey, x is

00:15:00

Adam Bozanich: Night, you know what I'm saying? So it might be something like that.

Artur Troian: But you.

Artur Troian: I think there is a dedicated error for that.

Adam Bozanich: But I don't know. Yeah, I've never seen here…

Artur Troian: I think for this case. Yeah, yeah.

Adam Bozanich: but this so go on. Just just real quick. While I have this my head before, I forget it, and Just just assuming for the second that for a second, that's the case. And

Adam Bozanich: These three things are like. Three different categories. I think given what Archer said. So I think it's like, Okay, too. Many signatures is probably not a wealth formed message. Right. Let's just say, okay, that was just not well formed or whatever. Reason, it's some limits on the note, or, or what have you? That one. Yeah, not really recoverable. Menpool is full, I think. I would expect it to mean like,…

Joao Luna: You.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I should retry this in a little bit. Maybe the menpool won't be full anymore. No modifications to the actual packets that I sent. I don't have to resign anything and just just blatantly like retry. That's one we try scenario. The next one, the Aryan valid height or like a count sequence mismatch. Those like, you don't have to.

Adam Bozanich:  Modify the transaction or message necessary, but the envelope that it's contained within does need to be modified and signed again. So, like account sequence. Right? You, you sign the envelope with the appropriate sequence or whatever. And if that fails then okay you create a new envelope with the right sequence, but the message itself is actually the same that makes sense. So it's like you have to do a little bit more work but you can retry or so, like, Too many signatures something screwed up. I don't know bail out. Not recoverable, air mental is full. Yeah. Do like a back off you know retry. You don't need to sign anything. Aaron Valley High. You know maybe yeah. I need to recalcute the height, sign it again, send it again. But the underlying message says the same.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah I think for example like in What is high is just a contest on that and from what I say, it's maybe IBC related that's the first full. The second of all is you can get this such message with the query, not the transaction. so yeah, it's so I would say there should be just a bunch of errors states that Would say the it's recoverable or not. Not only demands on the by, but probably the context, maybe, for example, right? You send me the bid and it fails for some reason, right? And by the time you submitted probably might not need to do that, you don't have inventory for that. So it's like, it depends upon me on the error, but this state of the application. So it's yeah, a bit broader text that

Joao Luna: Okay.

Joao Luna: And that's that's pretty much what we've done all the question we had for the spec. On that one. As for the work we are currently doing. So we have a very early version of the Java Client library. So we are trying things out like some plc's getting getting the A good idea on how we would integrate this

Joao Luna:  And on the other hand. So that's what console has been working on. And on my end, I've been working on the go portion of it. So I've been getting familiar with Cosmos SDK and the Akash Codebase and how it integrates with the Cosmos SDK. And there's all the querying in transactions, I have actually been looking into the code and I have a couple of questions regarding and concerns regarding the the way that we are currently playing it for like the CLI. And maybe we can discuss that as well.

Tyler Wright: You won't discuss that.

Adam Bozanich: Yes.

Tyler Wright: Now, you're saying or another time.

Joao Luna:  Yeah. Yeah. Sure, we can discuss now if it's okay. and,

Adam Bozanich:  Answer.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna:  So, one of the things that I noticed right away is dependency that we have on the Cosmos SDK and Cobra Library, I guess. For like, everything that's related to querying and and transactions. So That, for instance, they get client query context function from the cosmos SDK. It heavily relies on, on that type of

00:20:00

Joao Luna: Like that Cobra library. Is this something? I'm assuming? This is something that we don't want to include on. The client libraries. We I think. And whether it's not whether it's possible or…

Adam Bozanich: so,

Joao Luna: not, I would like your insights is to directly query. Everything.

Adam Bozanich: I'll give you some insights, it's a terrible, terrible terrible interface. That that we're We built on.

Artur Troian: Its own pain for us.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: Cosmos. And it's not like it's it's…

Adam Bozanich: why they recognize that it's it's

Adam Bozanich:  just it's not it's like the thing in the framework wasn't really Meant for it's not really flexible enough. Basically, that's what it is. I would suggest that you look at like an example of that is like, Yeah, you said this configuration, It's like this global static configuration. and sometimes, it's even Like the basically, it's not context-dependent, it's just this global thing. There's all these hard-coded things in there, it's really pretty bad. You know.

Adam Bozanich: Really in principle, you should be able to just like, target with with the core libraries, you should just be able to target any chain. You should be able to say the chain, the chain ID, wherever you want to go and stuff like that. But the way that this thing is Arctic architected, you're like, pinned down to a particular chain idea. See, as soon as you initialize the library, the way that the options are parts kind of like just pushes you into a corner. But so We had frankly considered just rewriting it like to do the CLI.

Joao Luna: Here.

Adam Bozanich: I always end up at this. Like, I've taken steps and it, and I always end up at this spot where, like, I'm just gonna, like, rewrite some of the stuff, but unfortunately, it just keeps going deeper and deeper and deeper. Like You end up having to rewrite a lot.

Adam Bozanich:  Jack the implantis or like his team have taken a stab at making like a more generic library, which may be better for you to build off with. I think it was called

Adam Bozanich: Telescope or limbs or something like that.

Joao Luna: Yeah, then I guess I'd rather build on top of something that they are implementing a generically. worst case scenario,…

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: the requests would be made, like From from scratch and just build on top of that.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I think.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. So yeah, I mean like really like it's it's really bad. Again, like it. I posted a link to the lens. This is something that he had started. I think that there may be others. There's also, there are also like, you know, JavaScript frameworks that if you're more comfortable with that, or you're okay with doing that, Until you know, there's there's other libraries to use there but Okay, so that's the context.

Joao Luna: yeah, I mean

Adam Bozanich: I don't I mean I could go on but like that's the context, it's basically. a very like,…

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: constraining or limited framework for Building client libraries or clias or anything. So we everybody wants to move away from it and we do especially because like our CLA most chains like their CLI is like oh

Adam Bozanich:  They use it for like, Oh, I want to send tokens or I want to delegate, or What have you? It's like, There's not much to it or They're like, They have really like there you wise, they're just like, Oh, it's osmosis and There's a text and there's just not much that you do. Ours is much more interactive and it's a development tool. So you expect there to be like a nice, you know, Pleasant interactive CL high to use and it's like the the Cosmos SDK CLI framework. Just does not facilitate that and it's just something that we've struggled with for a long time.

Artur Troian: If?

Adam Bozanich:  But if you can make it work then, oh yeah.

Artur Troian: You can try.

Joao Luna: Colonizers.

Artur Troian: Yeah, we could. I mean, we tried it a little bit a few times you can start with the SDK context. So that's all the initial stuff and you can, you can configure it by yourself manually. The problem is that is has so many. It is really easy to miss. And then, the another issue is that

00:25:00

Artur Troian: It's really hard to debug it. So that's almost pointing out that it's really like tight. It's like a strong marriage between cosmosis, decay and cobra and to use it. I mean, we tried it. I think we need a few like attempt for that.

Adam Bozanich: It.

Artur Troian: Once again, you have to just write, you huge bunch of code on the bike, how to set it up. And the problem is that is you can have some parameters,…

Joao Luna: If?

Artur Troian: depend on another parameters and there is no sort of check if they said properly. There's just assumption that And that what causes more issues and trying to implement it. But yeah, I mean you go ahead and try, you can always send me suggestions or even prs who speaks the cosmosis decay, I believe like everyone will appreciate that.

Joao Luna: Okay, I'll yeah, I'll research this. Quarter. And also another concern that we have is we are developing with Java as well which doesn't have all the Cosmos SDK stuff. The facilitate that's that's a whole different approach.

Adam Bozanich: I just pasted one of the little projects that we have, where I just try to do things without like,

Adam Bozanich:  Initializing that I think all that going through the standard initialization stuff, you can take a look, maybe, maybe.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah. so, I'll research all this,…

Artur Troian: I think we had this.

Joao Luna: hopefully Yeah.

Artur Troian: I think we had sort of like a some other commands as well. As example this one and there was deploy or something like that the customer support.

Adam Bozanich: But that one ended up turning into basically. Yeah, we have, there's Yeah, there's okay. I could try to find

Tyler Wright: I'm gonna.

Joao Luna: There I'm counting on having something to show and the next meeting. Hopefully depends on. The work goes on all the other stuff. But yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Um, I know that Joseph was brought here to talk about a class JS. There's any Anil. Do you have anything directed towards Luna or Luna? Do you have any questions around that?

Joao Luna: Around, what? Sorry. A cashiers. Okay.

Anil Murty: so, Yeah,…

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Anil Murty: so that's if you're done talking with this. I guess first. Is there anything else we need to talk about on the PR here in the review, or we good.

Joao Luna: I think we are good. On this back yet.

Anil Murty: Okay. And until you think of it. On channel.

Joao Luna: Yes. Yes, we'll go through it.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Oh yeah, so I think the other thing I was hoping we could do is Joe if you want to talk about akashias and sort of at a high level. just go over it and maybe describe kind of the design or anything that you want to talk about to, if you guys others that are interesting client libraries and…

Joseph Tary: Yeah. You just give a quick rundown of kind…

Anil Murty: then, if there's any issues that people can contribute to be good to know,

Joseph Tary: what it is and what states in. I was gonna just show the repo and kind of go through some of the docs is that okay?

Anil Murty: Broken necklace.

Joseph Tary: Tyler your screen.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, of course.

Joseph Tary: All right.

Joseph Tary:  Okay, so basically the point with the cash GS is that we wanted a library that we could use for the RPC communication. That would be a little bit. Less cumbersome than trying to do something manually so just kind of encapsulate some of the stuff and what it's using is. Some automated systems to convert the PROTO packages directly from the AKASH, go repo into typescript files, it can be imported and used. so the general API is probably from tons of a little bit better than the going, but like if you wanted to, you know, get a list of deployments for example, You basically just kind of create an object and import the correct paths pass it in and do a query. It's a little bit more cumbersome than I think some people would expect from A from a JS library, but it's really not that bad. Once you get used to the general pattern, it's all pretty samey.

Joseph Tary:  Um, Generally there is working. This is what's currently back in console. So the documentation is a little bit out of date for a few things. There's some definitely Work that needs to be done just to get all of the documentation up to date with some breaking changes that happened as part of the console's, kind of later development.

00:30:00

Joseph Tary:  And I think probably the biggest work that sort of is pending on. It is more about adding better ergonomics for things outside of the RPC immediately. So one thing that was recently added is now a cash JS. Actually contains the code for converting STLS to manifests for deployments before that was missing. So if you want to actually do a deployment with the cost, yes, you'd have to actually write that code yourself, which was, you know, not trivial amount of code, but now that's all built in. So in theory, you know, somebody could write, you know, maybe 20 or 30 lines of JavaScript. If they just wanted to have like a shell script health thing that doesn't deployment from a given SDL. And we'd like to try to, you know, further improve that, and get better ergonomics around things, like, RPC selection. And, you know, managing the intents across the deployment flow and a few other things like that were, you know, these are more complex user flows. Kind of like what Adam was talking about where we're not just doing a one-off transaction but you're kind of moving between different transactions as part of a flow.

Joseph Tary:  Yeah, that's the sort of high level thing. So if there's anything nearly like me to go into more detail about or any questions,

Anil Murty: North Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, Sir. Joe, I can give some first time experience. I use Dekashias Library and the Support tool. The Cash Support tool, and it all works. Really well. Yeah, I think probably for someone Just getting started with the Akash JS Library and the examples directory. Yeah, be great. If we added some simple examples of like. So I think there's like list appointment but there's not like Create deployment. So yeah. And I think you and I may talk about this Yeah.

Joseph Tary:  Yeah, we talked a bit about this because one of the biggest problems of that was just that you did need things at the manifest conversion code. So it wasn't really good for an example, because 99% of that code was this code but now that it's built in, it can be a lot simpler. And there's also those idiosyncrasies like how to get the D sequence ID for a new deployment because it's kind of a counterintuitive that you just pull the current status and use the current block height is your D sequence. Mostly wouldn't expect you like publish it with a good zero led and it gives you back the D sequence or something. Yeah, there's a it'd be good to get some more people using it so we can start getting more feedback into where the pain points are especially when it comes to improving the API. So

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah. Overall my feedback was a rather easy to use. And as we talked about before, maybe a couple more getting started examples for actually transactions instead of just queries, but the actual code itself, I had very few issues. Well,

Joseph Tary:  yeah, the other place to documentation probably needs to be improved. It's just that I think all the documentation currently is kind of focused on using it from a point of view of using a node application where it's gonna be running on the server. Um, it gets a little bit more complicated if you're doing it from a browser because all of the RPC stuff you would need to do through a proxy because you can't do our PC directly with the providers from a browser due to browser restrictions around Mtls.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah. So I'm actually doing it all in react, so it's all all front end. But yeah, I did have set on my own mtls proxy server.

Joseph Tary:  Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. A certainly it's another layer of complication.

Joseph Tary:  But if you're writing something more like a traditional backend and you're just sort of using these as sort of the implementation substrate for a bunch of rest and endpoints that you're exposing through your own private backend, then it's actually really trivial to do stuff like that. So,

Joao Luna: I have two questions, could you call a little bit agreement, a little bit more context on the problem with them Mtls.

Joseph Tary: Okay, so basically when you trying to for example you've created deployment, now you want to push up the the image to that provider. You need to connect to them by arrest and…

Joao Luna: Hmm.

Joseph Tary: the way that it authenticates you is via Mtls.

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Joseph Tary: So you basically you have to set a client side certificate on the ntls connection. If you're operating from within a browser though, you don't have access to the SSL tunnel until it's already created. So there's no way for you to specify a client certificate. It's just sort of a limitation of working within the browser. So the workaround that we use a console and that Scott used for his thing is, you create what's called mtlers proxy. So you'll have the browser connect just using a normal SSL certificate to the proxy, on the back end. It will usually do like a post or something where it will supply the certificate that it won't the proxy to use on its behalf. And then it'll get back like another URL that it can connect to and that will sort of transparently shuffle. The thing between the two TLS session. So it's correctly, is using the correct client. It's just get to actually connect to the provider.

Joao Luna: Okay, yeah, I got, I talked with this,…

Joseph Tary:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: I think with Max I guess.

Joseph Tary:  Yeah, it's it's really unique problem. We deal with

Joao Luna: And okay. And that's my second question is regarding so,…

Joseph Tary:  Oh,

Joao Luna: From from the perspective of this library, you are connecting directory to to the RPC server and making the requests requests manually, right?

00:35:00

Joseph Tary:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: so, Nothing stops us from following the kind of a similar approach from the goal library standpoint and all the other ones. Or is there like a really benefit to using SDK or…

Joseph Tary: Yep.

Joao Luna: like that lens?

Joseph Tary:  Well, this does use the cosmjs SDK to sort of back it but mostly what that does is just provide pre-processed versions of all of this. So really, I would say, like, sort of the flavor of this API comes from TS Proto, which is the application that takes the profiles and converts into typescript. The cosmos guys, already ran it against the Cosmos Core SDK, and that became cause of JS, which is what this isn't based on, and as it then extends it by converting over all the cash specific, proto buffers.

Joseph Tary: We could integrity do something very, very similar with go or anything else. Like I've kind of been looking around to see what's available on the Python side because I kind of want to create a python-ish or a Python equivalent of this.

Joao Luna: If that's on the scope of the spec as well.

Joseph Tary: For people who wanted to integrate with, you know, Python systems to integrate with cash. And I was looking to see if they have it. Yeah. Yeah,…

Joao Luna: so if you want to have a read as well,

Joseph Tary: it doesn't have that. Just really to look at your spec yet, but Yeah, sort of using a similar approach where we you use a processor to generate client-side files that can just be imported and using the same sort of kind of compensation pattern.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Archer did so something.

Joseph Tary:  but,

Tyler Wright:  Our director talking on mute.

Tyler Wright:  Any other questions for Joseph?

Anil Murty: The one for this mtls issue. that basically,…

Joseph Tary: Yeah.

Anil Murty: somebody from the community could work on,

Joseph Tary: I mean I'm telling us issue, is it something that really anybody can work on is a fundamental limitation of being in the browser. So I guess is really more of a documentation issue because it's we have to give people good examples of…

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Joseph Tary: how to work around the MLS issue if they're working in a browser.

Anil Murty:  Got it.

Joseph Tary:  And then also just make it clear that this isn't an issue if you're working a node and how to set up the into lesson node. I think that's also might be a little bit different if you're working in, you know. But the yeah we there's the documentation around that and I think yeah probably just makes sense for any of these things that we want to do. As far as the cash, it's just great in this issues and that cost. Yes, I haven't really had a lot of time to, to pay attention to another couple issues that already existed. I have to, like, triage and That stuff. So hopefully open up some bandwidth soon to start really getting back to this repo and cleaning up the documentation and stuff.

Anil Murty: It sounds good. Thanks.

Artur Troian: Um yeah, for them to less. But what happens the browser expects little certificates? It's like a cha Sorry says that you dates and as we and in our use case, the CA Certificate Authority is Blockchain. Browser has no idea about Nothing is there is no like if okay? As such each client, each account has its own certificate. So yeah, for now, the tmpls proxy is the best way to to the, I believe the he had document explaining kls.

Artur Troian:  And presentation initially when we released the feature, but I think it was like, lost somewhere. You need to find out and clean it up. But yeah, you cannot use it directly through the from the browser and see you around. For example, gonna be failing as well. If you're trying to access read the status of the Provider and point. Like, Get the provider status or it's inventory this year. I'm gonna fire file by default and you have to use insecure. Plug that so it gives the authentication.

Joseph Tary: Do we ever like Um is this still on the roadmap to look into using jot or different form of more browser Thunder? Browser friendly authentication for the provider requests.

Adam Bozanich: Yes, hundred percent like it's something we need to get to.

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Basically it solves all the all this stuff. It replaces all the stuff with the certificate.

Joseph Tary:  yeah, because it'd be Yeah, because if people could just create like an authentication token, assign it to their account on the blockchain. And then,

00:40:00

Adam Bozanich:  Exactly. well, basically providers need to like, say like, Hey which

Adam Bozanich:  Authority. What's the term for it? I'm trying to remember.

Adam Bozanich: Right is the account that they it's the account that they say they are right.

Artur Troian: Thank you, Provider.

Adam Bozanich: Which the provider says, Hey who do I trust to say? That this person is who they say there. Now what they can do is They can run basically in owner to do that it's like a sign on with you sign.

Joseph Tary: Hmm.

Adam Bozanich: It's like in a lot of you know Web apps. Now you you sign on with your ledger sign on with you sign a message To prove that you own the account, right? Could be like,…

Joseph Tary:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: a typical like webflow like a single sign on Webflow where instead of username and password you sign a message with Your your whatever your ledger your wallet, okay.

Adam Bozanich:  Now providers can run that thing themselves so they they can just trust themselves. It's still decentralized. And then there's also room for there to be, you know, like just not identity provider that everybody uses too. If they don't want to run their own, they can use somebody else. so, that's the idea with, with the job authentication, but, you know, we just haven't had the bandwidth, really get added, unfortunately,

Tyler Wright: Any other questions for Joe?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. The Luna or anybody else have any other questions client libraries related while we're all here?

Joao Luna: Yeah, I have work like a moral logistical question from your side. Will there be anyone assigned to like a point of contact from your side that we can communicate with from our side and the community site? We can contact and exchange information with or will that be all through the discord like a synchronously.

Adam Bozanich: the structure the discord, but You know, first of all, I apologize I haven't been kind of not, not as presentation as I should be there but Yeah, whatever. I mean that's just we're closing together. If you have questions you can The thing is with discord, we're trying to build it a community such that, like, that's where people go, right? And so the more activity there, the better kind of build on. So if you like to reach out and don't hesitate to, I don't know if you're in our slack or not. But I think, Do that.

Joao Luna: And no, I'm not.

Tyler Wright: I think over time we could figure that out for the time being this.

Adam Bozanich:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: It would be great to continue the momentum in discord and I know like a number of people are in there, very active, I know Anil's in there a bunch and…

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: we can make sure that again, if Adam Archer Scott or whomever else Joseph from whoever else needs to be contacted, it's like ping them very quickly and make sure that they're looking at the messages.

Adam Bozanich:  I'll go. Yeah, I'll make a point to be there more often. I, it's, it's a bit over. I'm like, basically underwater like I go there and I just have thousands of messages, I don't know where to start and so I've been kind of avoiding it a little bit but I'll try to be more Present.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and again. Anil or myself continue about specific messages and…

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: like, you know, you can just go to those conversations and Luna if you ever like, feel like because I feel like the session was quality, if it's ever better to just get live on a call, just let me know or Anil know and we can schedule something if Async isn't working in a timely fashion.

Adam Bozanich: See.

Joao Luna: Okay, yeah, I'll I'll go through everything that we discussed out. I'll hopefully have more time to work on the contrary. So hopefully this should move forward fairly quickly. And I'll have more questions to ask.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, of course. Of course.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Anything else at this time?

Tyler Wright:  Alright, um, I'll make sure that this recording and transcripts is available as soon as possible and then we'll update the notes. But I know that for John Carter, we might be sick. He wants to probably look at the recording, so we'll make sure it's available as soon as possible. Yeah, that's all I have. Is anybody else have anything they want to talk about client? Libraries related?

00:45:00

Tyler Wright:  And cool then I'll let everyone go. Thank you all for the time. I'll follow up in the discord channel.

Joseph Tary: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright:  All right, everyone have a good rest.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Well, bye.

Meeting ended after 00:45:25 👋

