
# Akash Network Content Moderation Working Group (wg) - Meeting #5


### Meeting Details:

- Date: Wednesday, February 28, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://za6yjkq32ui4mg7ecnf5cuqbk2x5olfswupp2pfjvzdmdljmukba.arweave.net/yD2EqhvVEcYb5BNL0VIBVq_XLLK1Hv08qa5Gwa0sooI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

### Agenda:

- Final Review and discussion of [Management API spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/12) created by Jigar Patel
- Final Review and discusson of [Moderation API spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/61) created by Adam Bozanich
- Final Review of [PRD](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-content-moderation/prd.md) created by Anil Murty.
- Implementation dicsussion based upon Praetor funding proposal with any follow up questions.
- Potential presentation from Andrew Mello.


## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Andrew
- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Deval Patel
- George Pro
- Jigar Patel
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Notes

- Anil started with the management API.
- Jigar and his team updated the PR from the last meeting.
- Anil wanted to have documented endpoints for the API. Jigar and the team added endpoints. 
- Anil asked where should content moderation work live after dicsussion of API specs and Andrew Mello demo.
- ***Anil asked if nudenet has any more contributions or is the project dead?*** Andrew Answer: Not sure, but it is a model that does not need to change much. 
- Andrew Mello asked if content moderation should be an attribute.

### Management API

- Anil wanted to have documented endpoints for the API. Jigar and the team added endpoints. 
- Andrew Mello added for clarication on Moderation API.
- Adam had a comment about the addresses in general. All things that reference a deployment should include the tenant address.
- Anil wanted to have documented endpoints for the API. Jigar and the team added endpoints. 
- Anil is going to commit the Moderation API Spec.

### Moderation API spec

- Anil put comments inside the pull request. Adam answered the comments.
- Pull request looks good to Anil, Jigar, and Deval.
- Andrew Mello thinks that the 2 API specs are focused on pre deployment. Andrew has been focused on post deployment solutions.


### Presentation from Andrew Mello

- Andrew has been working since last meeting on some code that he wants to demo today to the group with a focus on post deployment content moderation.
- High level, Andrew has learned that content moderation is expensive. The content can either be viewed onsite, or with a 3rd party tool (off-site). The 3rd party tools are expensive, but they will catch more. 
- The best solution for content moderation is a mix and match of on site and off site viewing tools. 
- Andrew walked through the code of how the content moderation works.
- Andrew wants to run a block so only Awesome Akash images can be run.
- Andrew showed a demo in siteengine to view and manage images that are being viewed by content moderation tools. 
- Andrew liked the experience with [Siteengine](https://sightengine.com/).
- After bad content is found, the deployment is automatically closed.
- It may cost around $100 per month. 
- Andrew Mello wants to button up the code and change everything into a variable. 
- Andrew wants to make it a docker file, so it can be running 24 hours.
- There are very few local models available. There is very limited capability for free or cheap.
- Perfomance was very good.
- ***Anil asked when you run this in practice, is it running a workload?*** Andrew said this will run anywhere with Kubeconfig. Down the line, this solution can be apart of helm.
- ***Anil asked if Andrew will put in the Akash Network Repo?*** Andrew Answer: yes.
- This solution will help large and small providers who have been concerned with moderation in the past.
- First 3 blocks will be :

1. Text/Keyword
2. awesome-akash repo images only
3. Sightengine API

### Action Items

- Adam asked Andrew Mello to make a PR with README, build and run instructions etc..
- Andrew to capture his work in the output for the content moderation working group.
- Adam is going to add a repo to Akash Network Organization in its own repo for Andrew.
- Andrew will fork repo and submit pull request. 
- Anil to close Moderation API spec.
- Anil to close Management API spec.
- Working group to be archived in Github April 1 2023. Discord channel will be archived as well.




# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, great. This is working group content. Moderation session number five again, out of the last session. Number four, The hope was to close or have final reviews to some of the specs done async No worries. Adam, I know at this point, the goal for today's meeting and on the agendas to do final review of the specs, created by Adam Bozanich and Jigar and his team, as well as the PRD created by Anil.

Tyler Wright:  Um, and have final review and final steps as we look as we work towards implementation of content, moderation. And then I know that Andrew Mello message me on discord about some work that he's been doing. So I want to give him the platform to speak about it. Briefly here again, Andrew, any of that work moving forward. Put in a public forum, whether it be the Working Group content, moderation, discord, channel, or whether it be directly on github, which I know you're very, very familiar with So I'm going to pass off to Anil and then I'm going to take notes in real time on share screen for this meeting. But I know that the first action items are definitely around the final review and discussion around the specs.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think we should just go through the just to be very tactical, right? Just go through the two prs, they're open. See if there's any other closed items any other open items that need to be closed and see if we can close them out. So I'm just gonna go and share my screen.

Anil Murty: Should be seeing my screen now.

Anil Murty: Just don't open up the management API. Specification first. and a jigar, I think you guys submitted a new Updated PR or updated updated, the cool request with a new certified changes, right? Since the last time.

Jigar Patel: Yes. Yes.

Anil Murty: Okay. Well, there was anything you wanted to talk through over here? I think from my perspective you did Respond to the questions I had.

Anil Murty:  So was it, Did you want to just go with the changes?

Jigar Patel: Yeah, I think that's I think that's the way to go.

Anil Murty:  Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew: Yeah, I'm definitely interested to learn a little bit more. Just 60,000 foot view here. What this is about here because I see this, but what what part of moderation is it doing here? Because I see it can it can close a deployment but like Yeah, I don't see the moderation part.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so it's pretty to two separate things. So if you if you had a chance to look at

Anil Murty: If you had a chance to get this, What we've decided for the very first stage is to split it into a management API in a moderation API. So what JIGARS will request is just for the management API and then Adams will request is for the Moderation API. Yeah, andâ€¦

Andrew: Okay.

Anil Murty: you can review the notes from our notes in the And the transcript in recording from the last time as well, there's a lot more details.

Anil Murty:  okay, so I think just to go through these Conversation here. So, at least my questions were documenting endpoints for the API, as it seems like those are there, right? Yeah.

Anil Murty: I seeâ€¦

Jigar Patel: Yes.

Anil Murty: In here.

Anil Murty:  So that looks good to me.

Anil Murty:  And then endpoint request. All leases I believe this was added as well, please list.

Jigar Patel: Yes. Correct.

Anil Murty:  Please, let's try there. Yep. and, and then the third one was

Anil Murty:  returning the image names in the api's so that if we have at some point, if you have a whitelist or a blacklist of image, Query that in. Be able to enforce it.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, sorry I did that as well.

Anil Murty:  Yep. See. Cool. Yeah, so I think for my perspective this is good, I don't have any other comments.

Andrew: I ill, yeah.

Anil Murty:  I'm just going to look. Good Andrew.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Did you have a question Andrew?

Andrew:  Yes, I did. So I found the moderation API spec there and so it looks like right now, it's basically a filter on manifest data. It has nothing to do with necessarily actual content, right now it's written as hostname image and any filtering from a pattern on like the manifest data. And what the providers seeing at the time of a order. Is that correct? Just to clarify. That's what it's looks like right now. Adam

Adam Bozanich: Now, there's two things, there's one order level, let's address andâ€¦

Andrew:  Yep.

Adam Bozanich: then manifest level. It's image. The other things go snack. So it's two two different stages.

Andrew:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: It's described in the document. If you ready

Andrew:  Okay, I got it.

Anil Murty: Yeah and we're reviewing the management API right now. So what you're talking about is moderation API. I will look at that in a couple of minutes as well. okay, and then Adam, you had a comment about

Anil Murty:  Let's see. Yes.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, it's just that addresses in general, always go, you know, you always want to have if you if you're referencing. A deployment or anything related to deployment. You want to start with like a deployment, IDs always. The tenant I address and, and The deployment sequence like that too, cool. Those two things are how you identified deployment. and so, when you're doing things like closely,

Adam Bozanich: It should always be there. So here, you know, the API aspect data says, have D sequence and group sequence but basically, you want to start with And address the sequence. If you want to call that the deployment ID, That's fine because it is that is the ID. It's a composite idea, even if you want to just call that, that's fine. You can also just call it a lease ID because at least ID has all these things in it. So That's what the comment was about. And I saw the thumbs up. I think that it seems like Jigar you kind of get the gist of that.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so if we just pass a lease IDâ€¦

Anil Murty: If?

Jigar Patel: then we don't need to pass everything separately, right? Okay.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah that's right. You might as well as put the lease ID in there.

Jigar Patel: Okay, so we read that.

Adam Bozanich: Anything it'll probably just be a path. That's like these clothes. And then the we render the IDs kind of we can render it. It's just like a path or whatever. That's a detail that we don't need to spec on right now. But yeah, just put these ideas.

Jigar Patel:  Okay.

Anil Murty: If?

Anil Murty:  Any other comments from you, Adam?

Adam Bozanich: No, no.

Anil Murty:  Critical anyone else have any other comments on this? I know you probably not had a chance to review it but really, really hoping to close this out this week. So hopefully this looks fine to you as well.

Anil Murty:  Cool. If there's no the comments we can go review the second API Spec. Which is the, let's see. The Moderation API.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, so I reviewed. Adam's updated. Pool request yesterday. I just only I had comments on this one. And it looks good to me. But does anybody else have any of the comments that they haven't put inside the pull request? Review.

Anil Murty:  Anything from you? Would you go or they will?

Anil Murty:  Okay, sounds good.

Anil Murty: I'm gonna go ahead and moze this today, right up in this call. Sounds sounds, good, Andrew. Did you have any comments on any of this? I know the moderation GPi.

Andrew: Oh, sure did. Yeah.

Anil Murty: So I was a good time to talk about it.

00:10:00

Andrew:  Yeah. So I've been pretty busy since we all last spoke on actually building out, you know, some working code, to go ahead and start doing all the stuff that I was concerned about, you know, mainly handling. Text blocking blocking for only awesome akash apps and only dockerhub apps. Actually checking content within a pod and I have something to demo today with that. So if I can share my screen here, I think

Anil Murty: Sure, I'll give you the screen but I just want to confirm, you don't have any other questions on the on the moderation API,â€¦

Andrew: Nope. No,â€¦

Anil Murty: right? Okay, cool.

Andrew: it sounds like those are what I, what we were kind of talking about in the previous calls, referring to Pre-deployment, right? There's there's kind of moderation pre-deployment. Are they allowed to deploy this image? Right? And then moderation post deployment, which is obviously what's going on in the pod, all of that. So I've been taking a look at the Post deployment situation. One second here. Let me share. Set up. Let's go with a terminal first here.

Anil Murty: You.

Andrew: What moment? I need to track down this window. I think I can do the entire screen.

Adam Bozanich: The point of clarification.

Andrew: Let's go.

Adam Bozanich: It wasn't just for pre-deployment. The point is in order to Exposing API, so that, for instance, there was a request to get all the host names. For leases that are being deployed. And the reason for that was then they could grow up the content of it and then if it fails some kind of check then, They can use the management API to close a lease. We don't, yeah.

Andrew: I'm having trouble with my browser, sharing the screen. I'm gonna join on a different browser here. One moment see if this won't work something pro, If you could let me in there. Tyler, thank you.

Andrew:  If the demo God looks

Andrew: Okay, sorry about that. Does anyone know if it will let me share out of a private window? Probably not.

Tyler Wright: I am not sure.

Andrew:  just, Just one moment here. Let me do one window at a time here, I guess? Yeah, well let me do that. So, Let's go to track it down.

Andrew:  Okay, we found a window. That's good. Okay. so from the top here before we dive into anything high level,

Andrew:  What I've learned going through this process of actually writing some code to check the content inside of running pods is that content? Moderation is computation computationally, very expensive. There's a lot of things going on and there's a lot of work kind of going on in in the process. So, one of the things that came up after going through this was that obviously, the content itself can either be processed in place or uploaded to an external API, like Google Vision, Microsoft Site engine. All of these external Api's, they basically charge money to check whether or not, you know, the content is offensive or has something in it that you don't want, and it should be worth understanding the differences between the onsite and offsite moderation. And the trade-offs, basically, external api's are better at catching offensive content. However can be quite costly how and on the flip side using

Andrew:  On premise processing is faster and cheaper, but has limitations of the libraries available and and the types of content. It can catch basically the, the biggest library out there right now is called Nudenet for catching. For example, is it a nude? Yes. Or no. Again, when you do local processing, you're gonna be a lot more limited to the libraries and then finally what you can really do for best results is mix and match. So for certain types of content for certain things, you might want to use external api's and then for other things like the heavy-duty videos or images, you know, you can use on-prem processing for that. So let's take a look at what this looks like. This is first using a external. Let's see here. And API keys are fine here. I'll change them after just to go full screen here and zoom in a bit. Can everyone see something here? Well, that

00:15:00

Andrew:  I had to go full screen here. Okay, great.

Anil Murty: Yes.

Andrew:  All right, so what we have at the top here is obviously some variables, some definitions but what's really going on here is we are using the cubeconfig file to loop through all of the pods excluding namespaces that we don't want. We're going to do a find inside of all those pods for actual file types. And then we're going to get the locations. We go down here a little bit. This is where it is for For that. So we're going to do a loop through all the pods we're going to find for any image types. We're looking for. In this case, JPEGs, JPEGs and Pngs. We're going to verify, we're going to take that file then and actually bring it locally to attempt file.

Andrew:  We're then going to check its size, and the reason we want to check it size is We don't want to be sending, you know, one by one pixel things to be processed. Also, most of the external content Moderation. Api's Have minimum size requirements. So, in this example, for site engine, it's 25 by 25. If you send a PIC, if you send a picture to it, that's big, that's less than that, it won't even process it. So, additionally here for the site engine API, we're gonna specify what models, we want to check the content against in this case, Nudity Offensive scam face attributes. Core, we send it off to the API and then we're gonna check all of the responses for any probabilities above zero point. Five for these particular categories of scoring that we want to know if it's offensive.

Andrew:  So that's how we do images. Also, there is a version of this that, that streams the entire file over memory. And this is what that would look like. So this is a base64 version and we can see at the top here when we're looping through the pods, we can get the image data into Base64 and pass it as well to the classification API. Now final note here, this example you'll see actually the classification API is on site so we have a local

Andrew:  A docker running the nude net code to do this locally. So, as I was saying, before I got into this, we can do it off site, we can do it on site, we can combine or mix and match as needed. Additionally here, this is the code real quick just to get the list and extract. All of the image names from awesome Akash. This is going to be the foundation of building the block for only awesome Akash images can be run. So if it detects something, otherwise this is the way to find out. And then finally, just here quickly, I actually want to show you this running. So again, let's no good without the whole thing. So let me fire up this and I'm gonna turn it on just for the image moderation. So we don't have to sit through text stuff here. and I'll let that run and as I let that run,

Andrew:  show you a few lines of code of it before I jump into the Web interface. So again, this is an external moderation, API. They have a full-blown dashboard easy for the user to check in see, what's going on. So as you can see here, looping through pods, we're only checking JPEGs right now. And as this goes, I'm going to switch over to a browser here and show you the back end of what's going on.

Andrew:  And this is where it gets fun, because this is why people pay for API'S and having a dashboard and all of that. So, here, we have our usage statistics, we refresh the page and we see in real time right now, 1924 the images are being sent up to API. It's a still image, 750 pixels by 450 pixels. We have all of the data now about the image. And again, this is why, for example, site engine is 29 bucks a month.

Andrew:  If we try to do this with local processing basically, the only thing we could do right now is nudity without spending a lot of time, figuring out how to do scams drugs, gore alcohol, generally offensive. So again, for certain subset of providers going with the paid API that can handle. All sorts of requests is gonna be definitely something there. They're interested in. I found this site engine to be one of the best ones just to show you what they do.

Andrew:  See where it is. Here, they have a great little here. It is. Here's all the categories they moderate for. So nudity, adult content offensive, they can start filtering out sunglasses. If you want it, can do the text analysis in moderation, which I think is great. We could run it through that as well image type detection, all kinds of stuff and this will do video as well. So, Just to close up here. Quickly, let me go back, one second to our running,

00:20:00

Andrew: Here.

Andrew:  So we can see what happens here. Basically, the end result after that result gets sent up to the API is we found inappropriate content at this point. Then the script would then go off and close the deployment, literally just close it immediately and then go and close the actual order on a cosh so that, you know, is is what I had in my mind. The whole time that we've been talking over this length, a bit about what concerns me, basically, I built this to solve the ability to sleep. Well at night, it may cost me a hundred bucks a month on the site and engine API, but as a provider, if I can get my provider to close inappropriate content automatically for me and I don't have to worry about it or, you know, eventually one day. Something really serious happening. This seems like a good fit. So the future steps for me with this are two button, it all up, make sure that

Andrew:  Thing becomes a variable. So I want to filter by awesome Akash repo image is our I want to filter by texture. I want to filter images or video, Just all becomes a variable for the user and then put all this in a Docker file that takes the cubeconfig file of the user and runs at 24/7. So it can just sit there on their post machine running and checking the API or doing it locally as well. If they do it locally, it will use the I'll just show you that real quick. Two seconds here. Where is it? I know nude. And fun here, doing content. Moderation with these API said stuff, but just to show you what a local one looks like with the classifier here.

Andrew:  So again, this is this local classifier is the new net library, just running. Ready to process with an endpoint sitting there on your local machine. That would be the cheapest, most effective freeway to check for nudes and images outside of that. You know, you can locally process text and some other things, but it's hard to get fancy and it's hard to get into the edges, which is why sight engine, for example, has a business and I now understand, right? Because after this, the other stuff is really hard. So that's, that's it. That's, that's the presentation today. But I, I wanted to build something that works. I wanted to build something I could deploy now to my clusters and most importantly, something that can just run forever. And I don't have to worry about, you know what, someone puts in a next cloud. Container on my cluster, Yep.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, that's awesome. Andrew very work. It's really cool. And just trying to think of next steps for this with respect to the community.

Andrew:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: It's amazing. I think you know some discussion of these api's I think that's a crucial part.

Andrew:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: You've done some great investigation on it like what are the possible? Things that we you can use to determine to make a decision about whether or not something is offensive and those api's. Would be great to get those written down somewhere. So people can kind of look at the options, get the gist of

Andrew: Absolutely. Yeah. And as I said, I really think the best solution is to just kind of put it all in there in the code and let people mix and match. So ideally it'd be a docker file. You'd run with a variable that says I want site engine comma text, moderation comma, awesome akash, right? And and now you've got those three locks on your cluster and, and you can sleep at night, you know?

Adam Bozanich: All right. So if you could make a PR that either links to your repository that describes these things or actually puts the description of those api's in the community, documentation, would be awesome and And yeah, I think that's great. People can pop it in. Now I think that solves an immediate problem is fantastic.

Andrew: On the and on kind of the Prater side, right? What this would look like, for your users is on that control machine that you have ssh access to a if they're running Docker great and you know I don't know how you interact already with their cube config file but I would imagine this could be adapted quite easily for whatever process you're doing there. If you have Ssh access to that machine to install this you know whether it be a docker file Python bash, script whatever, just running 24/7 on that machine, with their configuration that they choose.

00:25:00

Adam Bozanich: Another thing about this that's interesting. I think is that clearly these Api's are using some kind of AI models to classify. Offending, you know, content based on the different categories of content. And it. Would be interesting to see if. there's a use case for

Adam Bozanich:  using alkosh from the future to run this. To run that.

Andrew: Yeah, so it does have to be brought up the, the only big open source one that's been running for a while on GitHub is called Nudenet as I just share it there. They just stop supporting it as of November 22. So again, in terms of local models that are available, it's a very limited selection of what a user can do. So if you want the cheap and free version you're gonna have very limited moderation capabilities and functionality is what I've learned. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Okay, interesting. Okay cool. So next steps for you. Maybe put in, put a note in the

Adam Bozanich:  Content, moderation, documents that we have here. We're gonna button up this working group actually. So if you want to put a link, you know a note of some sort And link out to your repository, or, you know, do both like put a little bit more comprehensive.

Adam Bozanich:  Description of your findings in here and on the Calculator.com either way. But it's good. Let's get this captured. In the output for this. working group for sure and then we're going to bed up the working group and we're gonna start working on the various

Andrew: Yeah. On one note, the performance was quite surprisingly good. I did not find that cube cuddle was getting throttled or failing down or having issues with the images and base 64 like it's been, okay? And that's, that's the good note. After going through this exercise is The performance of trying to check images inside of running pods is actually pretty good. Yeah.

Andrew:  Go ahead and you know, yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, and it was Super, Super awesome prototype of content moderation, the Iowa, one question even comments. So the question I have is when you run this in, in actual practice, you're running it as a essentially, as a As a workload that's running alongside all the other tenant workloads on your provider, correct?

Andrew: At this point no at this point, it's running on a docker in a docker file on my local machine that has the cube config file so it can run anywhere the cube config file is that that's the intention. And it would be converted later to being a service on the cluster.

Anil Murty: Okay, got it.

Andrew: Yes. But that would require a bit more technical as well because that's a whole another path here. Yeah, at the moment, I wanted to be able to deliver to the community something that they can run with their cube config file that moderates their their pots, right? That's the essential. And then I would convert it potentially down the line to being part of like the helm packages, right? Where you could set it by default to be enabled for. Let's say the awesome akash repos or other things. But at the moment right now it's just set up to be a docker file that sources. Your cute config file and knows how to do everything for you and sits there running in the background 24/7.

Anil Murty: I see. Yeah so that yeah, that part about getting it. To work with the existing helm. charts would be nice, you think, but the super awesome, in terms of the actual code itself that you are showing is,â€¦

Andrew: Yep.

Anil Murty: is that running just locally on your machine now, or Okay,â€¦

Andrew:  Yes.

Anil Murty: what are you intending to put it into Github, repo, territory, somewhere, and if so, if yes. Would you consider putting it under Akash Dash? Network depository?

Andrew:  Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I, you know, Adam knows like, you know, previously what I was working with you, guys. I I published repositories, I'd be happy to publish one. I, I was trying already to think of a name for this, you know, the akash content, moderators or something, or it does need a name as a program, but it's intention again, is, is once your clusters up and running, how do you know that someone isn't uploading nudy pics overnight, right? It answers that question and, and it's essential, right? I mean, so many providers have this problem or don't want to become providers because that's a big blocker for people. And so I want to get it out there, you know, in the public. And as well, I'm kind of the BD side just quickly two seconds on it, right? This has been a big. Oh, I love it. Yeah, good one Adam, This has been a big question on all the data center providers, Enterprise providers infrastructure, providers mind, which is, Hey, how do I make sure I'm not running?

00:30:00

Andrew:  You know, offensive content and we have a direct answer now. And if this can be buttoned up into a docker file, the answer can be very quickly run this docker file against your cubeconfig. And again, most people don't have their keep config on the same machines that they're that they're running their cluster on Anil, right? So their clusters generally, Isolated from their cube, config that's great. And then they can also interact with and watch what's going on with, you know, on their local machine with the moderation at least watch the logs fly by kind of thing.

Anil Murty: Yeah, got it. Okay, so then from just a logistics perspective, Adam should we just create like a repository under Akash network for Content moderation. And this can be the same kind of live under that as a sub repo or something.

Adam Bozanich: I'm open to it.

Anil Murty:  Just just thinking out loud, not saying that's what we should do.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Yeah, kind of gets into this mono repo versus the whole modern reboot discussion, right like Are all the money are all the content. Moderation tools going to be in one repository. I doubt it. but, It gets difficult to manage if they're not as well. So I don't have an answer right away. I think that it's I think that Andrew, would you get the most community feedback? and participation, and if it was under the Akash Network Organization, But it's, you know, totally up to you if you want to keep it under yours as well. I don't have a strong voice.

Andrew: No, I I love it. Under the Akash organization. I get attention here is to push a push the product forward. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Right.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah. I think Andrew already agreed to that. I asked him if Yeah,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: The answer. I miss that way. I'm sorry.

Anil Murty: so just wondering what the logistics of it. Do you think we should just create a Repo called content, moderation under a cache network, or How do you want to handling, you want to put it into one of the existing repos I can't think of any existing ones that we can put this under.

Adam Bozanich: I think that it should, it can just be in its own Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: Because it's really just like a drop in the thing.

Andrew: Yep.

Adam Bozanich: Is we this is the exactly the kind of thing that we want,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: right? We want drop in components that people. Is if they want to andâ€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: then we are like kind of like a holistic install method that says Hey If you want to use this and whatever, you know, install the image, but it doesn't need to be in this giant monolithic thing. It's actually worse to be that way. So I think it's fine to be in its own repository. If we want to have a naming scheme for these kinds of things, it could be like provider dash, you know chakra?

Andrew: Chaperone. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, but I'm assuming the end is.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrew:  I will, I'm not good. No. Sorry.

Anil Murty: Yeah, sorry, going Andrew. I was just yeah I'm assuming we anticipate other so I droppings in the future as well. Would just make sense to create a single folder andâ€¦

Adam Bozanich: Yes.

Anil Murty: then have this. We under that

Anil Murty:  Assuming there's going to be other ones in the future. Like, you know somebody, I'm free version of the

Adam Bozanich:  If it might, but

Adam Bozanich:  Not right now. I don't think it is, total judgment call. But in the way I feel about it is that once you put things multiple things into like a single repository,

Adam Bozanich:  it makes working on the independent ones, kind of more difficult. And you know, PRS it's like soon here. There's like more stuff going on it. I think for right now, it's like it's simple to do, do repository. And hey, the other thing is, if we want to move it then and we move it later, when we say on the old repository, you say this move to this, you know, maybe a project

Anil Murty: Okay. Sounds good. Well, so then just a top level repo under our cash network.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Okay,â€¦

Andrew: Um, yeah.

Andrew: And I do a, I don't know if I could do that for.

Adam Bozanich: I'll create it right nowâ€¦

Adam Bozanich: if you don't have, yeah.

Andrew: Looking up. Yeah, that'd be great.

Anil Murty: just, for the Akash Network people and you should

Adam Bozanich:  Now, he needs to make a new repository. Anyways, I'm doing it right now.

00:35:00

Anil Murty:  Cool.

Adam Bozanich: It's not a caution at work, it's I don't even think I have access here. Oh, it is.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um, all right so Anil um From a top line looks like Adam is ass, Andrew to make a PR with the work that he's with the done, including the Readme. And I think Andrew's gonna do that with the build and run instructions. Andrew's gonna capture. Some of that work. At least linked to it in this content, moderation, working group because the intention is that this working group will be archived in the next couple of weeksâ€¦

Adam Bozanich: If?

Tyler Wright: because this should be the last meeting. Andrew is going to add a repo inside the Akash Organ Network organization. That has it's gonna be named with this solution all buttoned up. And then over the next like day or so. And I think a Neil wants to do it sooner than that and Neil's gonna close and commit the moderation API spec, and the management age API specs, um, I know that again Creator on their team have already talked about how they want to implement these solutions in some of the work that they're funding for is those all the action items taken from today's meeting.

Adam Bozanich: Just Andrew I'm sorry 80 click there you go. Yes, or answer the question.

Andrew: Yep.

Tyler Wright:  Anil. Are there any other action items that I might have forgotten?

Anil Murty: No, I think this sounds good is just a small correction, the third bullet. There should say Adam Dot, Andrew Adam's going to create the people and you can't.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, got you. I'm gonna create and then and okay, got you

Adam Bozanich: It's done. It's created, Andrew. You're an admin on it.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, and then Andrew's gonna form that repo in, he can submit just put request for that.

Andrew: Looks good. I was just clarifying here. So, the first three things, the first three blocks were gonna be text keyword, awesome akash, repo images, only and site engine API. That site engine API, I'm telling you it's way more robust than the Google and Bing stuff are Microsoft stuff that I found. So it's a good fit for community and they have a free level tier as well so people can try it, you know, without having to pay for it. So

Adam Bozanich: If?

Andrew: I see it.

Anil Murty: Hey Andrew,â€¦

Andrew: There. Adam thing.

Anil Murty: so just a really quick question on the site engine thing itself. So the repo you would say you sent for a set engine, I know it's read only but it doesn't

Andrew: Oh no. No that was different. That that's the new net. It's not read only it's that's the that's a library for local image processing.

Anil Murty: Oh right right.

Andrew: It's not

Anil Murty: I mean I mean you did not site engine. Do you know if that is getting any more commits from the original maintainers itself or is it completely dead at this point?

Andrew: I think it's completely dead, but at the same time, right? It's a model, so it doesn't change that much and, and once I, that will be next on my list. So basically, that'll be number four. That I'll add in, is the ability to do the local processing, the new net, and make that an option. But these models don't change that much, right? Once they get trained on a bunch of p***,â€¦

Anil Murty: Right.

Andrew: they know what p*** is? Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yeah. Yeah. Because like Adam said, I think once we have GPU support Offering the operating option for people to run this.

Anil Murty:  Themselves would be a good one.

Andrew: Yeah, and just for context here, I mean, I have been actually testing this, right? So I took a bunch of three,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: You.

Andrew: three, you know, nudy pictures, and put them in a in a next cloud that was running on on my providers, right? So that's the way I'm actually testing this in reality. Can it find a random you know new that I found off the Internet in a in a running next cloud. And that's kind of the baseline test that I've been doing all this work around and then same with the text. I'll put in the Readme in that next cloud you know torrent or whereas or whatever. And and that's how I'm making sure this stuff really works. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Very cool.

Adam Bozanich: You know, this the Supreme Court can't even define what p*** is they say? You just know when you see it. Yeah, the things on that same page.

Andrew: There you go.

Adam Bozanich: All right, so this is awesome. Andrew, thank you so much. Thanks everybody for this.

Andrew:  Yeah, thank you guys.

Adam Bozanich: I think so just kind of more broadly. We want to take. This stuff and start to. Make. Do do work on them and and that that work that so that includes incorporating looking into this provider chaperone implementing.

00:40:00

Anil Murty: and,

Adam Bozanich: These simple little microservice API'S and that stuff will be will happen under the auspices of SIG providers. So this This working group was it has basically served its purpose for the most part as far as I can tell. It was the first one. It was a rough one. We step through it. Thanks everybody could participating. And yeah, I look forward to getting these things done.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Anil Murty: Yeah, good. I thought it went really smooth, honestly, for being the first one. So, nice job ever.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Absolutely,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: Right on? Yeah, let's get here.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to keep the discord open for next couple of weeks to make sure that all these action items are done and I'll just ping people if I haven't seen anything and then well archive this working group in Github in a month or so but go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew: Just to clarify Adam. Do you want me to do pull requests for everything here? The reason I just ask is You know I don't want to slow you guys down and the team with with building this thing out. So let me know there what you want me to do.

Adam Bozanich: Pull it looks for everything. So yeah it's a little bit difficult to see now because the documents themselves are in pull requests. So what we're going to do is once we close out these PRS that like basically are the the basically output documents for this working group. Then you can make a PR that adds a blurb about this and links to provider chaperone if you'd like. And I could show you where that's that is once these PRS get married, I think that's probably the best way to do it.

Andrew: Okay, I'll circle back with you once. Everything's ready, how's that?

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Okay, perfect.

Andrew: Thanks. Yep.

Tyler Wright: Allâ€¦

Anil Murty: And I'm just moving in group errors right now.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you, Anil. Um is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about related to content? Moderation before we close down this working group?

Tyler Wright: Cool. Well again, thank you all for participation.

Andrew: I actually had one last time.

Tyler Wright: I'll go ahead. Go ahead and

Andrew: Yeah. So the piece that seems to be missing from this pie so far. You know, now that I again kind of gone through the other side here is how are we communicating?

Andrew:  These moderation, api's are these moderation or Excuse me The provider chaperone is running on a on a provider, right? So do we do that in an attribute? Do we do that? Like it would be just thinking forward, right? I know right now we don't have an answer for it and just kind of thinking about it though and putting it out there is, How are we going to advertise to tenants that? A particular provider? Has a certain rule set running on it, right? Whether that be the provider chaperone is running on that or it be that the API that you guys are building, the moderation API is running on it.

Andrew:  How are we? Yeah, and just thinking again, like, console potentially in the future again. Communicating that to the user before they deploy because it It might be very shocking. Yes. If you know, they're they keep deploying and their deployment keeps getting shut down, right? So just kind of thinking through that, like,

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, attributes. Seems like there is no place to put absolutely Youâ€¦

Andrew:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: We can incorporate that into the, there's an attributes like you know, kind of dark basically. Slightly more than recommended attribute, schema and we can incorporate this into it.

Andrew: Okay.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I went very comprehensive on the first version. I'm gonna scale it down a little bit and I can work with you write your things into it.

Adam Bozanich: Cool. Cool.

Anil Murty: It'll be a, it'll be a public review anyway. So, Thank you, Andrew.

Andrew:  Thanks.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, it's been real.

Tyler Wright: All right, thank you. Um, yeah cool. Thank you all for participating. Max. I know you joined late. This was actually the last content. Moderation, we have two specs developed by Jigarh. Duval, Adam for content for moderation in management, APIs, as well as the PRD from Anil. And then Andrew Mello has done some work on a tool that he's moving into the Akash Network organization. That'll be a public tool for pro post deployment content, moderation and that'll be all made available soon, but the notes will be available soon as well as a recording for anyone that missed this conversation.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright:  Again, if there's nothing else. And again, thank you all for taking the time over that last couple of months to join and participate in this working group and it seems like we have a lot of to come and implementing these solutions, but appreciate you all. Have a great day everybody.

Anil Murty: Thanks Adam.

Adam Bozanich: Excellent.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

Deval Patel: Thank you.

George Pro: well, by

Meeting ended after 00:45:56 ðŸ‘‹

