
# Akash Network Content Moderation Working Group (wg) - Meeting #2


### Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 11, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://gxn2z2kzgrx3ltzges6fptpyo424xy3lvcwv6tdtpqf7gujbhuxq.arweave.net/Ndus6Vk0b7XPJiS8V834dzXL42uorV9Mc3wL81EhPS8)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

### Action Items:

- @Jigar | Praetor App to work on spec for management API
- @abozanich to work on spec for moderation API
- @abozanich also volunteered to write up high level use cases and roadmap (that tie together the two APIs).

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. We're recording.

Adam Bozanich: All right, having happy New Year, everyone.

Tyler Wright:  That's happy New Year.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, that's

Tyler Wright: Well, I've shared. Oh, and Adam has as well.

Adam Bozanich: Here.

Tyler Wright: Um, shared the repo for this working group in the chat before, Adam takes over. The only thing that I want to make sure that we have as an action item to come out of this meeting. With is just that's I know that we've been talking for nearly a month at this point over over some weeks and I just want to make sure that we have like an end date for this working group so that we can start to take this back to six and implement All the discussion and work that we've been doing here. So with that said, I'll just pass over to Adam and I'll make sure that we have as an action on before we get out of here today.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, I don't have much to add really left, you know, it's been a vacation essentially winter making sin over since last time we talked we've also been busy for at least a lot of people have been busy.

Adam Bozanich: Reorganizing how we're gonna work with the community. As you guys know,…

Tyler Wright: and,

Adam Bozanich: we've spoken about this, but now we're making it a real thing. I'm just gonna share my screen here. Actually Anil. Do you want to go over real quick? Or you is it really like for you?

Anil Murty: No, I can. I'm just joining this meeting for the first time so I'm actually just catching up. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Yeah we've been you should have been here the whole time so if you guys don't know and you'll either hit a product. Yes. You brought it now and he's been driving most of

Adam Bozanich:  this stuff that we're about to show you and really is it should have been part of anything since the beginning. It just worked out that he wasn't for some reason. I don't know why they're welcome in you.

Anil Murty: No, no problem at all. I'm happy to be here. is there was there anything prior that was discussed as far as you know agreeing on how we want to Any sort of specifications or anything else that we should be talking about, or do we just want to go over the community groups and…

Adam Bozanich: so, We have sorry,…

Anil Murty: all of that?

Adam Bozanich: we have a little bit.

Adam Bozanich:  I just Feel like we've been teasing to this group for a while. Now that like Yeah, we've been trying out like different. we've been talking about this for a while now, with, with this particular group, This was like the this this group is the reason kind of where the idea came from to do all this stuff, they figured it'd be good to and they've been dealing with me kind of like just muddling through and writing things down have hazardly. So, I mean, feel like it'd be cool to just kind of talk about how it's grown into. A comprehensive way of working and how that's going to be organized. It could just be really quick and if we don't have time for it we are going to be making announcements about this very soon and we can just skip right through to the the specific topics of the working group.

Adam Bozanich:  If that makes sense.

Andrew Mello: I just to add a little context to that the meal is new here.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Andrew Mello: We kind of talked about two major sides of things. One would be, what we were talking about is static blocking, so that would be the ability to have allow and deny less to be able to block. You know, based on, for example, an API that, you know, has a list that we want to block against that. Those are those are what we call like static blocks. And then we were we were looking a little bit more deeper into actually doing things like scanning the content inside of a pod and looking at some of the tooling that exists for Kubernetes particular around, You know, security scanning and. And if we can utilize any existing Kubernetes tools to do anything inside or with the actual pot itself and my takeaway on our last meeting with this was basically that implementing static blocking is

Adam Bozanich: It.

Andrew Mello:  Truly the low hanging fruit here that would allow providers to, you know, run safely again, in an allow list environment where they could sleep at night knowing that only X or Y workloads. We were being deployed and then going farther with it again, as we stand out into actual tools that are looking at the actual content inside of pods. And additionally, a layer of kyc in the future as well. Where users were kyc, before they even did a deployment. And again, that would be implemented with actually a pretty static block as well to do that. So those were some of the things we were starting to address the Neil in this group, just to kind of get your head in the game here.

00:05:00

Adam Bozanich: That's okay.

Anil Murty: But it did. Thanks Andrew. I guess even before there do like today, if you're a provider, are you able to actually look at and see what sort of workloads are running on the on the provider itself?

Andrew Mello: Yes. A provider has, you know, God mode. Today.

Anil Murty: Mm-hmm. How do you? Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, but okay. So this is dive into, that's what I think that's okay. So well, So yeah, where we've landed, thank you for for that Andrew. That's exactly right. So basically the gist of it is the motivation for this is that providers. It's a, it's a, it's A It's actually a requirement for providers to be able to to be on the network. They need to be able to moderate their workloads. Somehow they need to have some level of moderation and capabilities and and the like the kind of decision-making process is quite is what is pretty wide open trader?

Adam Bozanich:  Wants to be able to scan all websites that are hosted on a provider and then used some tooling to make a decision about whether or not it's about content. Andrew had brought up that. There can be you know, like off the shelf tooling that can like Vulnerability scanning or bad content scanning like Kubernetes based tooling that we can leverage like. So we just find like different kinds of scanners run them in the in the cluster and then if those things out, put anything this questionable, then then use those use that output to then closes. and that the real kind of like,

Adam Bozanich:  kind of like the the we've landed on really, the best way to do this and the way that the buyers would feel most comfortable, Is if they could actually kyc 10.

Adam Bozanich:  That. Okay, so that can be done in a number of ways, one of what she can imagine. It's like if we're using these credit card payments services, To provide a good, you know, those those services are okay, what I seeing the tenants to some degree and so, you know, before big being. So those services can either publish lists. Somehow of addresses that are Kyc, or the providers can can use an API to query them before, they've been say that case it has this address kyc to you or something. There could be more things eventually built in. That's such that there's like you know, it's on chain the things that are allowed or whatnot But so we wanted to take a phase approach, of course.

Adam Bozanich:  One underlying thing below all of these things is that just as they say, there needs to be so that there's a couple things that need to happen. One is

Adam Bozanich:  Where isolated? There's like a management API and I apologize. These things are, Aren't you? Now right now? There's a management API like, all these things need to be able to close the lease. So we need an API locally for to be able to close the lease that isn't dealing with. You can do that now. But this complexities related to the wallet and the sequence number and things like that, we actually need like a management API, this exposed to some kind of management layer. On the provider side. And in addition to that, I think this is the thing that you just mentioned, which is

Adam Bozanich:  Oh I'm sorry neat. Status is the one you just mentioned so we status. So right now that there's at least status and point for tenants which gives the The endpoints of a lease. So it'll say, like if you can access your application to Food.com, And it's your lease you can get you. These settings, you'll see food calm in there but Prater wants to be a little scan. All the all the open. For instance all the open. Don't host names that are on. A provider. with the associated workload, that, that host with the workload of that,

00:10:00

Adam Bozanich:  Those name is associated with so that they can scan those endpoints and close them if they're bad. So that's two things and call this the management API. There's Lee says, there's a bunch of reasons why they providers want to be able to get these status right now. Least status is authenticated, such that only, the tenant can hit it. We need one for them for the provider as well. So, there's Lisa Status and closely, that's the management API and and then the kind of short-term moderation API. is about saying, Hey. Only allowed these tenant to addresses, or only allow these images or disallow this tendon to address, or what. Right. So, and what I didn't put in here is that there's like, kind of Like Global used to say like Hey don't allow this address. The reason why somebody was one don't allow this address would be like

Adam Bozanich:  In the case that they deploy something, they're, you know, using the greater tooling there. The printer tooling discovers that. Their workload is hosting bad content. They kill that lease. They close at least until the API we just talked about But they want to prevent that user from deploying again, right? So they want to be able to configure their providers. That the provider will not Bid on. On orders from that tenant. So there's just like a slew of things that we'd like To be able to configure on the provider. That affect when.

Adam Bozanich:  That affect whether or not the provider will bid on orders. So the biggest one is standing address. There's some discussion about like particular images, particular, host names. Like, things like that and it looks like my hey I didn't quite finish this sentence at

Andrew Mello: Yeah, I had also proposed in there for example and you know the awesome Akash repo, right? So any of the awesome akash apps? For example that would be an approved list or…

Adam Bozanich: just,

Andrew Mello: could be the first list that we have for apps that a provider could say, Hey I only want a bid on any images from the awesome Akash you know, list here. Nothing else.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Exactly. I think I stopped because I was like, well, how do I find this thing? So that's why and then I just got cut distracted or fell asleep. Let's say but exactly that like yeah. If there is like a curated list somehow of about apps that We can just automatically allow our only allow that would be that would that would be like a 80 to 90%. Use case for Andrew and probably for a lot of people as well.

Jigar Patel: So Adam one question here if we implement the image or hostname or candidate as I understand. But if we allow or…

Adam Bozanich: You.

Jigar Patel: disallow the certain image or certain addresses, Is like, isn't it? The like, Fortune will create the lease, right? And then when the manifest sent then actually provided knows that, okay? This is bad or something like that, right? Can we prevent it before even creating beliefs?

Adam Bozanich: So yeah. So there's What I, what needs to be written up is, is, are, is those nuances, because there's actually a couple of phases, right? So, but for tenant address, for instance, no, that's part of the order address. And so, they know, right away before they,…

Jigar Patel: Right over here.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, before they make a bid, they know. Hey and so that one is like kind of like in the in the decision process of like s***. I make a bid Hostname. And image. They do not know until the

Adam Bozanich: Manifest comes in. So that doesn't need to be written up.

Jigar Patel: True. Yeah. Because

00:15:00

Adam Bozanich: It's like so there needs to be some kind of like, okay, the manifest comes in. Now I'm gonna do it's anyway, you know, my moderation checks on it and if it fails, then I'm gonna close the lease

Jigar Patel: Garlic.

Anil Murty: Yeah. So this just makes complete sense to me. The part that I'm unclear on or the part of think maybe has been discussed and I'm not aware is how does the actual moderation happen. So you know you're talking about Letting the provider. But there are certain tenant needs to be allowed to disallowed, whether a certain image or hosting needs to be another disavowed. But just sort of walking through a typical scenario, right? Let's say there's a provider today. The provider this came up and they're starting to get Requests for bids Initially, the provider has no idea. Which of these bids are potentially bad ones. So they go ahead and respond to all sorts of bids. And now they have, you know, certain number of Leases running on the, on the provider.

Anil Murty: Is the intently. So the initial version For the provider. to be going and looking at the endpoints individually and…

Adam Bozanich: If?

Anil Murty: determining like basically through a manual process if that is a

Adam Bozanich: there's a good question, so the what had been discussed or this kind of what I have in my head about that is that we would have want to publish or at the community or the network maintained list similar to, you know how you know, ad blocking lists So that you know for for blocking these kinds of things now people can opt in or opt out to do they basically provide. It doesn't need to use these lists or pump or contribute to the list, but they need to be out there. And that's kind of. One of the ways to use this. Now Prater also just kind of immediately off the bat has a system that they want.

Scott Carruthers: You.

Adam Bozanich: Like they they just, they want They're gonna use it kind of a more centralized approach so this would open up tooling for them to be able to do that with the scanning. Maybe you guys could talk about how you're playing on using it actually. I don't have it all in my head.

Jigar Patel: yeah, so basically like there's like two ways are we can like we can do this, right? One is like when they create like whenever they become a provider basically

Jigar Patel: Like as they obtain or opt out process happens, right? In the core command line documentation. And we also put it into our process as well in the predator when they become a provider, right? So basically default block list,…

Adam Bozanich: It.

Jigar Patel: right? So that's that's like, Or deposit, right? So when the weather this like one of them, right? We We configured provider to act like that, right? So, but they have to opt in, right? Because this is like we don't, we don't want to

Jigar Patel:  Like closely without them letting it first, right? Because that's then it's, it's a territory of responsibility, right? And then it becomes our responsibility to manage everything, right? So you don't want to do that, right? Second thing is in the provider in like the toolingly, wanted, is in the past. What we wanted to so on, delicious, right? And what are the like something running on parties, right? They can be able to go and they can again opt in for certain scanning tools that we're gonna introduce in the future, right? So it just shows that, Okay, this thing is basically bad, right? Or This thing is malicious, right? So they can close it. They can also obtain for auto close but it's not something that we're gonna do it out of the box. Because

Jigar Patel:  That becomes our responsibility to do like and it's our responsibility or something happens. Right? The blame us, right? Or the brain network right for that, right? So again, right, every process is like kind of like manual and auto for auto. You have to like, read the disclaimer. And basically sign the disclaimer that you're not gonna sue us right? Eventually.

Anil Murty: Think. The process, you described. Would probably work for cases, where a tenant is known to be a bad like a certain tenant address or a wallet. Address is known to be a bad quote, unquote tenant and it's documented somewhere and that gets added to the our denialist. What I'm wondering is like for the case, where somebody is deploying.

00:20:00

Anil Murty:  You know, deploy some sort of, let's say, a website and this website happens to be a bad one. The only way to know that it's a bad website or make a determination is for somebody to actually open up that particular website and see how that particular application and see what exactly is the kind of content that is serving, right? so, If that is the case, does it make sense for us to you know, potentially expose all the endpoints that are given providers running.

Anil Murty:  If the providers chooses to participate in this program for example and again this is just me thinking and out loud so it might be completely wrong and make it discard the idea but what if we have you know, as part of the workflow we have an option where a provider can say Hey I want to participate in the content moderation and we use our cache, networks community, to be able to moderate content and if they accept that, what they do is we show the list of leases or the list of endpoints that are running on a provider and we can anonymize it. So we don't have to say it's running on a particular provider. It just gets published as part of a full list of endpoints that are running across network. And then there's a community of moderators we're going through this and taking through and saying, Hey this looks to me as something nefarious or or something that should not be allowed to run. And then they can when they market that gets related back to the provider and not the provider can decide if they want to take action on it or not.

Anil Murty:  It's potential idea.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I think it's super cool. One thing that To be the kind of we discussed around. That is like it gets kind of sketchy. If you're asking people to look at essentially Dick Pics, you know, like the country?

Jigar Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Pretty pretty bad. I mean, Yeah, I've seen testimonials from people like they're like, anytime. You're hosting images, you're gonna get some really pictures all the time. That's just what happens. And so That group of moderators would just. You know, we just need to be really careful to make sure that they're comfortable with all that and things like that, but I think that's a great idea. Absolutely, I think it's a great idea.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. And and to add that and we propose that if we have on those URLs, Available to providers, at least they can market the content their hosted into their own provider, right? So that's the, like, the long-term goal or long-term roadmap that we have discussed here,

Anil Murty: Sorry, got it. I see. So basically if I can just try to replay what I understood is, the phases are approximately. The first phase is basically building tooling for the providers, to be able to look at all the leases running on their own provider, just for themselves without actually worrying, about giving them tools to moderate things or basically leaving to them to more moderate. It manually. The next phase is potentially giving them tools to Be able to automatically detect a blocked tenant and prevent that from even, you know, deploying on to or even submitting a manifest onto the provider.

Anil Murty:  And then the third phase is potentially this crowdsourced moderation. Where each providers leases are anonymized and put into a pool of list of leases at endpoints that group of or a community of moderators can look at and periodically flag is good or bad content.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Essentially I think the first two that you described are, they they both need to be present to be useful. I think it's it is stood up a little, there's a moderation, a bit. The management API is like as many use cases but for the purposes of moderation it's like okay. What's what's going on? Like, what's being hosted? And yeah, I want to close this thing. I think we need that API available to providers for a bunch of reasons. But for moderation.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, I guess it could be too. It could be described as two faces. Yeah. So the moderation layer is like a layer above that, which is like, okay. Yeah.

Anil Murty: You…

Adam Bozanich: Let's go.

Anil Murty: okay, it makes sense.

Adam Bozanich: just trying to keep things and then beyond that, we just like start adding more options for For like, you know, that opens up a bunch of things like the thing that you're describing for instance,…

00:25:00

Anil Murty:  Mm-hmm.

Adam Bozanich: right? And so we're trying to like keep this thing like small and like well what can we do to just like enable some things just start happening,…

Anil Murty: Yep. Yep. Yep.

Adam Bozanich: right? And especially so there's like you're saying like this, like that kind of decentralized.

Adam Bozanich: You know. The checks on whether or not contents, good or bad. That's, that's a system to be discussed in fleshed out. and then but really at the end of the day, I think we're our discussions have come or at least what I walked away from our discussions feeling like is that at the end of the day, that the thing that we would really solve this, Thoroughly is the kyc tenants? And that's kind of the very formulated is like That's gonna be out of scope for this initial kind of like, Hey, this is our initial our initial stab at like,

Adam Bozanich:  providing tooling for providers to be able to do something more than what they do now. And even these like this would also open up like being able to You know, it being able to Like if we improves, for instance, if we can do allow us and disallow this for, for addresses, then then perhaps we can use that for kyc. So we only allow addresses that have been kyc. The other day, the kyc thing is like, kind of the best way route to go. That's what almost hosting providers do now. And so we have parity with with kind of like what providers expect in terms of.

Adam Bozanich:  Okay. CYA covering their assets. In case, it's hunted that Shouldn't be posted by them. But, you know,

Adam Bozanich: Ah in terms of like how we actually document all these ideas and turn this into something that's that's kind of like zipped up and and finished is a bit of an open question. I kind of put for this working group like the things that we want to accomplish is like one

Adam Bozanich:  Or this long term roadmap that includes all these things that we're discussing. So the like you know crater with or without saying prayers and a method for how they want to do things, you know, for their moderation scheme, we get we do a quick overview like what you just mentioned Anil, we get talked about kyc. And then we can say, Okay, well then the first step is going to be these things. These moderation management API because we just need to get started on these. There's nothing else just get started on something. So this is the way I did it say, Okay, this working group is going to be for kind of like long term, world map, these ideas and motivation for it, all that stuff. Um, and then there's obviously nothing there right now. And then And then short term like these are very specific. You know, small little

Adam Bozanich:  APIs that we could enable in the short term. And then that'll kind of move us in the right direction. So I imagine that would be

Adam Bozanich:  kind of the output of this working group. If there if you people have thoughts about other ways of organizing this then I definitely all

Tyler Wright: I would second that I know, Andrew Mello has something to say. So I want to pass it off to him.

Adam Bozanich: Right.

Tyler Wright: Always something that path of like creating a spec, like maybe Jigarh and anybody else that has thoughts can put their thoughts in their long term roadmap section as it pertains to bigger concepts and then we can start moving forward with some of specking out, moderation API management API. But go ahead, Miller Andrew, sorry.

Andrew Mello: Yeah. Just to again add some some color here to what what I've been talking about. There's kind of a couple things going on, right?

Andrew Mello: The first is,…

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Andrew Mello: Are we, are we trying to solve for before the workload? You know, gets to the provider or after the fact and those are I think that's kind of where the line in the sand is for me, because solving, for before the workload hits has all kinds of different, You know, implications that's obviously kyc, that's things like static blocking that is is one set of problems. We kind of get to a whole different set of problems when we talk about after the workload has arrived and and then you know, malicious use or or bad pictures or whatever, that's kind of like a whole another problem set. And I feel like we need to clarify what we're looking to solve for initially. Because the thing that keeps me up, as a provider at night is,…

00:30:00

Adam Bozanich: If?

Andrew Mello: is that inability to not even have the static blocking? Like, if something if, for example,

Andrew Mello: I was to find a malicious workload. Today, I don't know how to quickly block the wallet. Right? Or lock that image. I don't have a quick way to do that. So for me, static blocking is like, like needs to be done first and then after we can go full tinfoil hat for, you know, a long time about what to do about, how to deal with the workload after it's on the provider because then we get into issues, like, people trying to up up the caricate, the, you know, the actual URL, the location encrypt,…

Adam Bozanich: Password.

Andrew Mello: the content do all kinds of work on the, on the workload. So that's kind of my my take is, is

Andrew Mello:  From our approach here. What are we trying to solve for first? Is it solving for that This, you know, never even happens and gets to the provider or we trying to solve for the fact that something malicious may happen after the workload is running. And just again, for me, I think the important thing first is that static blocking and solving for before the workload hits and then we can chase down content moderation for a long time after that's going to be a long tail problem to solve.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, totally. No understood. Yeah, no, it's fair. I think.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, I think a lot of these things in the I guess it didn't.

Tyler Wright: So Anil did I know you had your hand up on when Andrew was talking.

Anil Murty: yeah, the question I have Andrew is Maybe, I've not understanding this well enough, but how would somebody statically block? a tenant that is trying to deploy a provider, if they don't even know what sort of content they've deployed in the past, So, let's say you're a provider that your spun up, right? Let's say we support only static blocking before the deployment has gone through and we have no way of giving providers the tools necessary to inspect and see what sort of workloads are given 10. It has deployed. Right? How do they make a decision as to whether something is bad?

Andrew Mello: Okay. Yeah. So right there, we we have tools that exist today to explore a workload in and out image, name namespace, all that the tools called Lens L-e-n-s, that's one of the Kubernetes tools. So let's you explore cluster, visually there are tools out there, rancher will do it, lens will do it. I think Core Painter will even do it these these days but I use lens. So that's, that's a problem. That doesn't, I don't think we need to solve for. We have, there's tooling out there that exist already to explore a Kubernetes cluster. The workload, go into a pod have full terminal access to a pod, look at the content that already exists today. So I that's where I'm speaking from.

Anil Murty: Okay, got it.

Adam Bozanich: Here he's saying is that like I think we're Andrew's getting to.

Anil Murty: So that is the, that is the, that is the

Adam Bozanich: So like, if Andrew could say like, Hey only allow images that are in awesome Akash, That would be a way to. It that would be a way to just kind of filter out a lot…

Andrew Mello: Yep.

Adam Bozanich: if there's like an allow list on the docker images that would solve for what Andrew's talking about.

Anil Murty: Mostly got it.

Scott Carruthers: and I I think we're also talking about this through the prism of being closely coupled with Kyc,…

Anil Murty:  Got it. I see.

Andrew Mello: You.

Scott Carruthers: Right, so we we do have a list of allowed so Anil is not a a matter of relying on a new user, if we have history of them, being wishes or not, as a weightless, allow based on KYC

Anil Murty: Yeah, but

Jigar Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: No, it does get to this like, Okay, well how do we distribute this quote, unquote, bad list? What does somebody do if they end up on that list and they shouldn't be like Yeah it opens up this whole huge checking the candle worms.

Andrew Mello: You.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Um but the fun eventually what providers really just like we what we we don't have. I mean, it's interesting like we have it but it's It's yeah, if you go in and look in Kubernetes and see what's trending and then like, you know, how to like you use the command line to close the lease but then that'll end up like screwing up with, you know, that I'll end up interfering with the with the provider that's running. Like you can kind of hack it together now, but I think that like just as like just a very first pass kind of like, And just hold on,…

00:35:00

Andrew Mello: Right? So let me just add To yep.

Adam Bozanich: just hard for me to formulate that I love you.

Adam Bozanich:  there's like in the spirit of like, Of like let's not surprise people with our lack of support for things. Like I think people would expect to be able to be like Oh these are the things that are running. Oh and here, you know, here's workload, worker workload. Is that image? Oh, that image is sketchy close. At least push a button and closely, right? Like we don't or like, Here's the endpoint to close that lease and it'll be kind of close everything. Like, I think that we need that and that's like the introspection, it's a very simple dashboard or have you an API that would power? Is very simple dashboard and I can actually, which is like, close this thing. Now, we could build on that and say, like, Hey, if I close the lease because they're malicious, like, save that tenant, and like don't least them again, right? And so then yeah and then you start building up that but

Adam Bozanich:  I think we at least need the baseline level tooling the like image.

Adam Bozanich:  The image allow this, I think could be really powerful. There's there's some issues with it like for for sure. If we allowed an Engine X image, right? Like I don't know how useful that would be because people are just host, whatever behind engine X. But I think it would get us a long ways. Go ahead. Andrew interviewing with you.

Andrew Mello: Oh yeah, just to go back to what you're saying there. Like keeping it really simple again.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Andrew Mello: Let's imagine today, I spot in lens, a malicious workload, and I find the wallet address save that off, and I find the image name. I saying that save that all. What I would love to be able to do, is in my helm charts. My provider helm charts in the values, right to have right there. It's a value of, you know, blocks images, and I can just put in the image. There, comma separated values or whatever, and same with a wallet list. And I can, you know, Redeploy, My, My provider with the new wallet, an image in the block list there in the values for the helm charts, and then the Akash provider says, Oh, I recognize those those values that I see, at least running it closes in automatically and I go back to bed, you know, the basics are not there right now,…

Adam Bozanich: Yep.

Andrew Mello: so I keep going back to static blocking because without that, I can't,

Andrew Mello:  Control, what's going on?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, go ahead. Jigar. I don't even wait.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so I I have a couple of questions and concerns related to like blocking, right? So if we talk about like wallet, blocking, or image blocking, right? They They can always like clonate or we can let just use different wallet. They can use different image where you can just get thousands in hope, right? So, the thing is like, We are like, you know, how like Amazon or this big companies are doing content motors and right, they're not blocking it. Before you deploy it, right?

Jigar Patel:  They let you deploy these things and then, because you have obviously kyc did, right? They they say, like, Oh, you know what? You're running something bad closing down in one day, or We'll close it down for you, right? They are not doing it before, right? Nobody is doing it before, right? Actually? And that, and you know why? Because you can't moderate everything before doing it, right?

Adam Bozanich: So, the one,…

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So

Adam Bozanich: the one that system that I know of that does this kind of like allow this for images is one of our competitors. So like is plus, in fact, right Flexi you have to whatever you have to get your image approved by some probably,…

Jigar Patel:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: you know, by something. In order to deploy on their system. And so it's just an added, a little challenge with with the decentralized systems that kyc, I think solves In lieu of having anyway.

00:40:00

Jigar Patel: Yeah, absolutely agree that. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: See yeah you know like so that's why. Yeah.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so basically like if we do like allow so this is the thing, right? We We can like we can ask provider to opt in for allow list, right? And if we have a couple of APIs open for us, right, we can have them to create a block list on their own. Right is as Andrew said, Right? They can just see that, okay? They're running something bad and I add them in a process, right? But again, right as you say, right is like okay as the answer right? Or this kind of tools, right? But most of the providers who like I know they have a God mode but they don't have a knowledge of good ideas,…

Adam Bozanich: If?

Jigar Patel: right there. This is like followed the documentation or follow the Twitter process, right to become a provider,…

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Jigar Patel: right? So we wanted to have them easy way to close. or view the what was running or

Jigar Patel:  Able to like close it or make an into block list, right? Or just like have it, like just access what just allow, only awesome accountable. Right? But we do not want to do it that for every provider because then we locked in with the awesome workouts. And

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, yeah. If it's all good point, it's the concern. It's a, it's a pretty, it's a, it's a hard problem. And especially especially difficult because he said, We we don't want to make it such as like suddenly. There's like the centralized entity that's like, controlling what can be deployed, right? And that's that's not an option for us at all. That's like Scott made some concerns about what I see right early on in these discussions and really valid concerns.

Adam Bozanich:  I think that so it's, it's not it's not a simple one-sided. Like, you know, one size, fits all solution that we need to that. We're going to find. I think that we just need to build tooling. To allow. you know, kind of these different ways of working with the system to work so providers in North America or in the US feedback from from you guys actually was like, Hey, we can't get providers in the US because They don't really have anything at their disposal to be able to moderate. So like, okay that's like get some, some tooling so that they can feel comfortable with being providers on the other question network.

Adam Bozanich:  Then there's like the extreme of like, Hey, you know, unstoppable and all that stuff that great. Yes, we don't, we don't want to scare those people away. Either. We just need to have like kind of tooling so people can choose their own level of moderation. I think.

Adam Bozanich:  And we want to keep the one of the motivations for kind of whittling it down to these things is like a The kind of like, very simple specs that we've talked about in these two APIs. It's like, it's really quite minimal. I think that they'll expose Some design challenges that are that are kind of good to bring up like you know the difference between deciding whether or not it should bid and deciding whether or not it should actually run a workload after we receives a manifest. These things are if we add checks in both of those, it's going to be. It's actually a little help us develop the provider services. In a more robust way. I think they're good things to kind of like

Adam Bozanich:  Suss out also. Similarly the closed, these thing like the the designs we have for the provider services going forward, we'll actually facilitate this quite easily in. This is motivation for continuing, all of that project.

Adam Bozanich: Um and so I I kind of what I was happy to land on where we on just kind of just very simple, moderation API, and a very simple management API as it is just as a first step towards all these things.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, I wanted to get something that's we can complete.

Tyler Wright: It is everyone on the same page about kind of where we are now. sounds like,

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: All right. Do we have? Like, I don't Andrew to put something in chap about, just like something being better than nothing, which I think we've talked about. Do we have a path forward? I know we have about 10 minutes left, do we have a path for that? We want to take into our the next two weeks session about how we want to start chipping away some of these things. Besides again, I I do. I would recommend that everybody now that we've moved everything into this repo. If people can start throwing their ideas and nobody had it in another repo. But jigar, Angie Mello anything that you've been like thinking about or like our Um and he had the homework that you've had to this point, if it can throw it here that would be stupendous and that roadmaps long-term roadmap section.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, yeah. Like So, for instance, I know to guard you guys. I know, I remember seeing your slides and I know that you also had like API Spec that you had mentioned, if you just like, like throw anything that you have use cases, blah, anything into these into these these things. You're like, the way that you maybe in the use cases at this specification. And add ad sections here to these things. I just kind of like

Adam Bozanich:  I just kind of through these together last night, just the way I would write these is I would like start with these like different. They were headings and and maybe it add some more, remove some, or move it around. So feel free to do that as well. We do need to start getting something. I think we should. Yeah, there's been suggesting that we have end dates to these working groups. One of the reasons why I kind of wanted to go over like the whole like new community.

Adam Bozanich:  organization is because Actually, the way we're defining things, a working group is a short-term, kind of like breakout. From a broader thing. So, a working group is like, the, the goal of working group is to create a PRG, okay? And then appear, and then the working group ends.

Adam Bozanich:  then, the PRD goes to

Adam Bozanich:  Particular, special interest groups. So the special interest groups are long-standing things. So there'll be a special interest group for providers. Special Answers Grouper you know a happy deployment club of clients etc. And and once we once like a working group creates a PRD, then the work actually to be done on those goes to special interest group and a project within a special interest group.

Adam Bozanich: And that's why I'm kind of focusing on like, okay. Like let's just like, Let's get some priorities for this working group so then we can begin working, actually working on and implementing these things as a project. In a special interest group like No. It's like it's a lot of terminology here.

Adam Bozanich:  That's the motivation for one day to come. Tie up. This particular working group.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. And just to add we can, as Anil has mentioned, we can go and phases, right? So we can have a working group that determines Prds. We put in a bunch of work via CIGS. So we have some something that is better than nothing and then as we continue to move forward, we could determine if we need to create another working group to move content, moderation, even farther forward. If it's after the deployment or before, however, we determine at that point. But again, it'd be great to get something down, so we can start implementing some sort of infrastructure sooner rather than later.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Yeah. So who wants to take it I guess this logistically. Right? Be able to think of two things. One is How do we have conversations about? You know what? We want to put into. For example, high level PRT here, Where do we have this conversations? Should they be undiscored? Should they be on a github discussion?

Adam Bozanich: Open. I would prefer like,…

Anil Murty: Or somewhere else. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: you have discussion. So like If there's a proposed like, you know, chain, like basically change like trds, get added by pull requests. Is that the kind of thing you're talking about or somebody's like, Hey, Here's some addition to this be. Yeah. And like

Anil Murty: There. Yeah. So Yeah. So

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. What you describe just let me.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, sorry, didn't drop. And basically what I'm wondering is

Adam Bozanich: I just want to make clear that discord's also there, of course, as well. Of course, like, I don't want to like staple, To talk about this course, I'm great. I I just think that to actually get work done and and like, and you move towards an end state that having discussions on get up. So,

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: I would agree anything related to a spec or any work that's going in to Github. I think the conversation should stay and github and then any conversations about any ideas you know we might see anything that another a competitor is doing or somebody else that we think is interesting. We can share those concepts in discord between meetings.

Anil Murty: Yeah. So what's exactly the the way we do this for this PRD? Do we create a github discussion for it or do we just one of us want to warranty or taking writing a draft of the PRD and as a pull request and then tag a few or other people on this call as reviewers, on that pull request, and people just submit their comments to the PRD which of those two options.

Adam Bozanich: um, Yeah.

Anil Murty:  I think the second might be better, but open to first.

Tyler Wright: I've well.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. It was like I think people like I'm trying to figure out which one it I think that I will.

Anil Murty: So like a pull request and people in camera. So, okay, so that makes sense. Then the second thing I suggest and open to other thoughts here, as well. As we write like a high level PRD that goes on the Content. Moderation page here, which basically says, This is kind of the main problems you want to solve with content, moderation. And we want to solve them in sort of this priority, right? So, we will say things like, Well, first worry about being able to block What Andrew said, playing your block? Tenants before deployment. And giving them the tools to do that. And then Later worry about content. Moderation tools. And that'll basically tickle into the two APIs that you talked about Adam. Maybe.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that all sounds good. I was trying to figure out where to kind of summarize all these discussions that we've had, yeah, overview, whatever, however, you just described it, that sounds great. That that's what's kind of what I was thinking with this long term of bad thing. But yes,…

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: we absolutely need that.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich:  And I will take a stab at the moderation API somebody else. Could I kind of take a step at the

Adam Bozanich:  API would be fantastic. I think we should give ourselves. Two more meetings. To just kind of get this thing done. So, come to the next meeting with some work, having been done and

Adam Bozanich: Maybe it can be a short one we can. We can converse like kind of asynchronously as well. And then by the next one meeting after that like this has been done with it, like we're just where is writing is spec here and I know that we're all. I know, obviously we're all super busy, but

Adam Bozanich: We do want to get these tools out there so you know if we could be done by next week, that'd be great. I mean, in two weeks from now I think that'd be amazing.

Andrew Mello: Just um one one note here before we all go on my notes, there on the sidebar The basics of On Allow and Deny for the Wallet could really be a nice core fundamental to start with. And, and again, it would be pretty low, hanging fruit and I think the approach would be the home charts, right? So we go at it from the helm charts and then do you know as minor modifications from there as needed?

Adam Bozanich: I think you you reminded me of the thing that I wanted to mention earlier that these simple APIs would expose. One of them is like but like I was mentioning With the clothes. These API, there's some things that we're doing on the provider services that would that would make that much easier. So it's motivation for that. Another thing that we need to tackle now with this with this and moderation, APIs states. So Andrew's describing saving state in a way that like

Adam Bozanich:  It's kind of manually done. He's like Oh I don't want these addresses. Well I'm gonna go Add this address to this list in my helm charts. Like That's like a that's one way of doing state. They're like it's not like the we want to make it really kind of like it would be surprising for people. I think they're like Damn every time I want to block a thing. I have to like put it in my home chart and then redeploy that's like a s***** wave saving state. So we need to put we

Andrew Mello: I agree. Yeah but as I said though I I'm just taking it from a something's better than nothing. And right now, if something happens on my cluster there's no way to do it. So yeah.

00:55:00

Adam Bozanich: Well, yeah, so it's just an issue that needs that it's. It's a reason why it's good that we start with these simple things because they expose kind of like, kind of like fundamental design things that we need to incorporate into into the design of the provider services.

Andrew Mello: Yep.

Adam Bozanich: So, but,

Andrew Mello:  Exactly. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Okay. So

Tyler Wright: Cool. So our next meeting is scheduled again, in two weeks, I think on the 25th of January Are and…

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Tyler Wright: then I will keep another one that is the eighth, but look to kill the meetings beyond that. At this point again we can talk about it in our next meeting, but I will move all the meeting notes over to and the transcriptions over here. So they're easily accessible, Andrew. Mello would be stupendous if you can move some of the ideas that you put in this chat over to Github when you get a chance, but does anyone else have any other comments or questions at this time?

Adam Bozanich: I'll just say that,…

Anil Murty: Yeah. So

Adam Bozanich: just, I'll just say that these discussions around this can can will can and will continue In these provider, special interest group, right? It's not like the trying to shut down discussion on this one. There's another form for this for like kind of broader things. Which is the special interest groups. It's a separate meeting all these people here will be in that one as well. It's just the the goal of this particular meeting that we're in is to create a PRT and that's why the end date thing. It's important. So we just kind of keep moving forward. But I'm sorry for who was talking was that Anil?

Tyler Wright: You know, good.

Adam Bozanich: Go ahead.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just going to say it's a Tyler just to be really clear, right? So you're going to put a link you're going to write down the meeting notes and discard it put a link in this page right?

Tyler Wright: I'm going to put the meeting notes in Github and then I will share them in discord. I'm just so people that will live that all the notes will live in Gith.

Anil Murty: Okay.

Anil Murty: Okay, but you put a link to wherever the Dot MD is for the notes on this page here that Adam is hearing, right? Okay,…

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly.

Anil Murty: perfect. Okay. And then, in terms of just actions, I think Adam volunteered to do the moderation API. Do we have someone within to take or…

Tyler Wright: If?

Anil Murty: take up the management API? And then someone will take up the high-level PRD that combines them both.

Anil Murty:  Any volunteers for taking the management API jigar? Are you open to taking the management API definition? Yeah.

Jigar Patel: Oh sorry, I was mute. Yeah, so yeah. Like If you guys put something in moderation API, right? I will just follow the lead, right? And I'll try to put into management API.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Anil Murty:  Perfect. Yeah. Thank you. and, If somebody wants to take a stab at like a super high level PRD in this page, I'm if no one's willing to. I'm happy to do it.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, I'll take a step at it and because I know you know you're doing so many things. I'll take a step buddy.

Anil Murty: You have no problem. Yeah, either ways folks. Sounds good.

Adam Bozanich: And you want it in this page? Should I just get rid of the long-term aroma? Pageant Okay.

Anil Murty:  I think so. Yeah, makes sense.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful.

Anil Murty: We can just do it as part of the goals or something, it makes sense.

Adam Bozanich: Fantastic. Okay.

Anil Murty: Perfect, great. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: any other questions before let your all

Tyler Wright: Awesome. Thank you all. Let us know if you need anything on discord and we'll talk. Oh Jigaretta did something. That's Okay.

Jigar Patel: Oh no, I was just saying.

Tyler Wright: Yeah let us know if you need anything. We'll talk on Discord will update the meeting notes and then we'll see you all in a couple weeks with some

Adam Bozanich: and the just so I understand the the provider Sig Is that formulated yet? Do we have meetings?

Tyler Wright: All? Yeah, there's a meeting structure. There's a calendar. We have some loose meetings, like, kind of set up once the announcement goes live. I'll probably reconnect with jigar in some of the other folks here to get them involved in that SIG and…

Adam Bozanich:  Got it.

Tyler Wright: we can have the charter SIG monthly.

Adam Bozanich: Awesome. Okay. Cool.

Tyler Wright: But I thought Jigar with you about that and Andrew Mello about some other six, user groups etc. That I know you all want to be involved in.

01:00:00

Jigar Patel: Absolutely.

Adam Bozanich: Cool. so,

Andrew Mello: All right.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: All right. Thanks guys.

Meeting ended after 01:01:52 👋

