
# Akash Network Content Moderation Working Group (wg) - Meeting #4


### Meeting Details:

- Date: Wednesday, February 8, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon.
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants:

- Adam Bozanich
- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Tyler Wright

### Agenda:

- Review and discussion of [Management API spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/12) lead by Jigar Patel
- Review and discusson of [Moderation API spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/61) lead by Adam Bozanich
- Review of [PRD](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-content-moderation/prd.md) lead by Anil Murty

## Notes:

The Akash Network Content Moderation Working Group had their fourth meeting with participants Adam Bozanich, Anil Murty, Boz Menzalji, Deval Patel, Jigar Patel, and Tyler Wright. The meeting agenda included reviewing and discussing the Management API spec led by Jigar Patel, the Moderation API spec led by Adam Bozanich, and the PRD led by Anil Murty. Anil started the meeting by sharing his screen and walking through the pull requests for the specifications. Jigar provided an update on the Management API spec, stating that they were finalizing the changes and would post them on Discord for review. Adam and Deval had some comments on the modifications, and Jigar explained that they were adding more details to the spec. They also discussed the need to organize the provider host and image. Adam Bozanich developed a microservice tool for providers to configure and filter workloads. The tool worked as a set of rules or filters that could be prioritized to either deny or allow specific addresses. The configuration was stored in a Kubernetes CRD and could be edited through an API. Adam highlighted the need to decide which features required an API and mentioned the different types of filters available, such as tenant address and image. The API allowed for adding or removing filters and checking whether a specific order should be accepted.

Adam explained a content moderation service that would be used to decide whether to accept or reject a manifest. Jigar asked about the manifest and whether it would close the lease, to which Adam responded that it would. Anil suggested documenting the decision on what to do with the result of the API in the Management API. Adam agreed and said it was a missing part of the workflow. Adam Bozanich and Anil Murty discussed the management API and its role in querying and acting on workload information. Adam explained that the user of the API should be handling the response and that there should be some business logic in the provider itself. They also discussed filters and the context object in the nascent grpc definitions. Jigar Patel suggested adding an API that returned all filters, and Adam considered adding a workflow for returning the manifest for a deployment in the management API if it was needed. Adam explained the two parts of the API: configuration and moderation. Configuration did not require a manifest, but moderation did. Anil asked if the management API spec needed to support returning the things that the moderation API expected as inputs. Adam and Jigar agreed that if a user wanted to reject a workload, they needed to see the things that couldn't reject it by, which was contained in the manifest. Jigar suggested keeping the two parts separate and using the Moderation API to ban workloads for future use. Adam agreed and explained that the Moderation API would only need the tenant address in addition to the manifest. Adam also mentioned that there would likely be two lists of rules: one for order-based and one for manifest-based. They discussed the possibility of adding a service that queried tenant addresses. They were discussing the implementation of a rule-based system that controlled access to resources. The system was meant to be integrated into an existing infrastructure and aimed at restricting access to certain IP addresses.

During the conversation, they discussed the default behavior of the system and whether it should be set to allow or deny access. Adam Bozanich suggested that the default behavior should be set to allow, but they could add an option to set it to deny. They also discussed the possibility of setting priorities for rules and the need to prevent conflicting rules.

Adam Bozanich proposed that the order at which rules were executed at a particular priority was not defined, and therefore, people should not assume that there was any ordering to it. They also talked about adding a UI to prevent users from setting conflicting rules.

Finally, they talked about the need to add a flow diagram to show where the rule-based system fit into the deployment flow. They agreed to add this to the comments and conversation thread for future reference.

Adam thought that they may need one more meeting to finalize everything, but they should be attentive and try to wrap up the project soon. The implementation part of the project was going to be time-consuming, but not too difficult. They also talked about the goal of the microservices approach, which was to enable people to work on independent projects without getting caught up in a monolithic system. During the meeting, the team discussed wrapping up the PRD phase of their project and focusing on implementation. They also discussed the continuation of grants and the process of presenting it to the steering committee. Boz Menzalji mentioned that they still needed to iron out the new work structure and suggested submitting drafts for feedback leading up to the steering committee meeting. Tyler Wright confirmed that the steering committee meeting would be held on the 23rd of February and added the agenda item for the grants presentation. Jigar Patel and Deval Patel said that they would work on milestones and funding for the project and present it to the steering committee. Tyler offered to help if needed and said he would circulate the preliminary brackets.

## Action Items:
- Jigar to provided an update on the Management API spec on discord.
- Participants agreed to add a flow diagram to show where the rule-based system fit into the deployment flow on Moderation API spec.
- Jigar Patel and Deval Patel would work on milestones and funding for the project and present it to the steering committee.

## **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right. Content. Variation. Working session. Number four. I know we have some PRD and a couple of specs so I'll pass off to Anil.

Anil Murty: It's a yeah I think the best thing for us to do today is to just review the pull requests for the various specifications that are out there. And and see if we can close out the reviews of those, if that makes sense. Everyone. Share my screen. And we can sort of walk through these. I know I am using yours last night. So thanks for doing that. So, we can start with, I guess the one that the Jigar sent out a few weeks ago. And just walk through this and see if anybody has any other comments or if we can close this out. So Jigar, did you want to talk through this at all anything?

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So basically like you're following the other request that you guys created. We are like me and they were like we're finalizing. Most of the stuff probably today or tomorrow, right? So what we'll do is we'll commit that probably create tomorrow, right? So you guys can take a look. I will post that into discord as well, once it's done. And it should be like, then I welcome your comments on that as well.

Adam Bozanich: Sure. Yeah, of course.

Anil Murty: I'm just going to.

Adam Bozanich: So you guys are modifying this, the you Your settings.

Deval Patel: So basically,â€¦

Jigar Patel:  So basically, we're adding more.

Deval Patel: we are adding more stuff in order to make it more, you know, detailed.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah, I know you experienced this, when I was putting this other one together, it's like you get into. It's like all these little details start coming out and it ends up being a little bit more time considering than, at least I had seem to be, but yeah. Well, you guys have here is a good start and happy to take a look at anything that you're working on when you're ready. But yeah, so we could go over just Management Spec API. And I guess back like, yeah, so it's a 8443, close the pieces, and deployments. That's like the big ones. The least status. I think that there are some comments about

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So we were looking at the comments and we found that we wanted to actually like when we were started discussing this, we found out that we need actually organizes that provider host. You also need the image because then we can like figure out what they can remove please, right? So all those facts that are commented on this one as well. We we just kind of putting it a nice little together as the other APIs that we are putting. So we're following that module orâ€¦

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Jigar Patel: that format right?

Jigar Patel:  And I think this will be like nice and clean. So everybody can understand or just be added

Adam Bozanich: Okay, cool. Do you want to skip this there and go straight to the other one? The, the last night.

Anil Murty: It sounds good. Yeah, this is anything else to discuss on this and Adam? I think you still have to review this, right? So, I guess you can just review the new version and it comes out. Sounds good. All right, cool. We'll go look at the new one content. Moderation API. Oh, I guess one thing I should ask is I had submitted a Oh, this. All right, submitted. I am somebody to put request for the PRD. I waited for a few days, to see if there's any reviews. And then I think Craig ended up, merging it because it was sitting out there. But just for the sake of process,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Anil Murty: I just want to make sure we look at that and see if there's any questions or concerns with the weights within anything else. It's pretty light compared to like their gprd for example. But I intentionally kept it pretty light.

Adam Bozanich:  No, it was great actually because I I was writing the thing, I didn't want to rewrite it all and I just linked to it and I was like Wait, is that thing even there? And then it was there. So it's great. and,

Anil Murty:  Yeah. Yeah and I kept this intentionally like open-ended because we can decide after you put this first version out and see feedback what we should do for the next one. Whether it should be the crowd. So it should be a fully KYC implementation or something else.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Oh yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  so on the on the PRS like I feel like it used to maybe I used to render as Markdown, but and that's last night and Okay, okay.

Anil Murty: the videos they do so Let me see. So this one, right? So you're talking about This right.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, mine. Yeah. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Or you can go to this view as well.

Adam Bozanich: There it is. Okay.

Anil Murty: I just tend to show this because it's easier to read.

Adam Bozanich:  I see. Okay, whatever. Whichever is easy.

Anil Murty:  Which one you prefer? I mean everybody refers.

Adam Bozanich:  Yes, you did. The other one? so, I did. So.

Adam Bozanich:  The the goal of this thing was this, you know, like we need to be able to make tooling for the provider. a big part of that is like, telling the provider that they can't. To not bid on certain things or tragic certain kinds of workloads. I set it up such that it's like this. It like an independent little microservice, so like Basically, you can you can configure it and then other parts of the provider can ask it whether or not like something is acceptable.

Adam Bozanich: One thing, you know, he started thinking serious like oh block addresses or whatever. But then we wanted to let allow like allow all or deny all like is it an inclusive list or an exclusive list?

Adam Bozanich:  And it really, I mean, the quickest thing I could think of to do that, it's just like a set of a list of rules or filters. So in order to make it right, you have to actually have a priority on them. So like If it's deny all by default then you just you have one rule that's like deny all addresses, then you have that as a lowest priority and then if you want to add like been allow some addresses, then you insert some, like, allow addresses that have a higher priority. So, it'll And that's the idea with it. Um, and,

Adam Bozanich:  So that's what I put out here. One of the things I ran into is like configuration can get so, first of all, the configuration is stored in This is gonna be like a Kubernetes native. App. And so I would say, covered the configuration will be in a Kubernetes CRD and, you know, when you're launching the app, Or when you're administering hit, you can really just edit this crd right back and And I think that we're gonna have.

Adam Bozanich:  Like there's a bit of this conflict of not conflict but like decisions that we'll have to make as we do this. How much Like do, what are the use cases for like an API on top of? Going into the Kubernetes, CRD doing what? I think that

Adam Bozanich:  We'll see this a little bit with with, with, with the other API. We were just looking at even like, Yeah, I think, is Andrew Mellow said, That's fine. Like, you could go into Kubernetes and get all this information, or you can have an API that kind of so we just need to figure out where, you know at what point do we decide like Hey yeah, this thing's important to have In API for and I know we essentially do that for these guys already, it's just something that definitely came up. and it came up for this one for configuration like,

Adam Bozanich:  I was at first not gonna have some endpoints for configuration but then I'm like well, Actually the Prater guys. Probably need need an endpoint or like adding and removing addresses, for instance, so I just do a simple one in there. But yeah, this is it like there's a couple of different kinds of filters. There's tenant address, those name image. If I miss the need, just let me know. These will be like kind of data types. and this simple rules, there's like priority some kind of matching and whether or not to allow and then the API is just like you can add filters and remove filters and and then there's for actually filtering. You could just you ask it like you accept this order or not and those return true or false

00:10:00

Adam Bozanich:  and that'll be used like at bedtime like when deciding whether or not to bid. And it'll be used when a manifest is consumed. Deciding whether or not to accept the manifest or like maybe it should just close the lease, right? Then, and there, We need those two. Those those two different kind of entry points because we don't know the image and hostname. When in order is well, at the order level. So that's what it is. It's pretty simple, I think it'll be kind of it could be kind of fun to implement but it's also like, you know, there's some There's some gotches and it was like doing the rule. The making sure that the rules are Implemented correctly, but that's it.

Jigar Patel: So just one thing. So when we send manifest it really like will just cause the list or it was just like use the error and then,

Adam Bozanich:  I didn't specify here because this thing is really meant just be like the where the decision is made, not what to do with that decision, but I imagine that it would closely immediately.

Jigar Patel:  Okay, so and then I think we will decide everything in sake, I guess. Or. When we like,

Adam Bozanich: So our imagining. So there's a the manifest service right now. Like you when you send the manifest it does do some checks already. I could check to make sure it's well formed You know, whatever things like that and then this will be an additional check. It'll be like Okay now does this pass? The content moderation. Service and so it'll send it, it'll send them to be manifest service. We'll ask The moderation service. Like Hey is this an okay? Manifest. And if it's not, then the manifest. Service, I imagine Will. Will close the lease. Now that could be configurable or whatever, but it's kind of

Adam Bozanich:  It's a different. It's not in the scope of this particular thing, which is just about like Hey how do we configure what we're gonna allow and how do we allow other components to to determine whether or not? We all out something.

Adam Bozanich:  Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I'm just going to say that. I wonder if the decision on what to do, with the result of what this API returns should be something that gets documented in the Management API because it is kind of managing, The provider in the actions that it takes, right?

Adam Bozanich:  Close.

Deval Patel: So now we're getting in the detail of the workflow.

Anil Murty:  Make sure the money. Yeah, I'm just wondering.

Adam Bozanich: um, Yeah, I agree. It's a it's a missing. It's a missing part. Like, Okay, well now you don't, you know, you don't want anything. What do you do? I think the, I think that it would

Adam Bozanich:  I actually don't know if it makes sense in the management API, frankly, The management API is like, okay, as an API for, for querying Lisa, for forget for querying like worthless workload information. And for acting on it, right? So closely as close appointment or whatever. But that's all I should do, right? The things that Like, putting the pieces together. For instance, the the bit engine will like, the BIT engine will query this thing, the moderation API when it when it sees an order will be like, Hey, moderation apis just thinking acceptable order and it'll say yes or no. If it says, no, it won't bid on it. Right? And then the manifest API will say, Hey, is this a, Is this any moderation API do? Is this an acceptable manifest? There's a moderation API says, no. Then that. That's the point at which

Adam Bozanich:  It should be handled, right? It's the thing, the user of this API is the thing that wants to is a thing that should be

Adam Bozanich:  Handling. It's the response.

Anil Murty: Yes. So basically what you're saying is that the the some there's going to be some business logic in the provider itself that 'Ll Take the outputs from this and then decide what to call in the Management API as opposed to having an interface in the Management API. To make that decision,â€¦

Adam Bozanich:  Yes.

Anil Murty: okay? Make sense. the other question I had was, The so the filters obviously are data structure that feels the fields of this each of these filters. Oh, what about the context?

00:15:00

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Anil Murty: That's basically saying what type of filtered?

Adam Bozanich:  Okay. Yeah. I I like didn't have that at first and then I added it. It's really just these are like nascent grpc definitions. And the first argument of any egrpc call is that this quote context object that has like timeouts and like that kind of stuff. Um, so I don't I don't I could we could take it out of here actually because it's just like pseudocode. I'll take it out.

Anil Murty: Okay. Got it and then I was wondering, so I guess the management API would need to return. each of the things that, Is configurable as a filter here. So, right now it returns, I think. Just the tenant address. I don't think it returns the hosting with image so

Adam Bozanich:  Right? Well yeah, the management API

Anil Murty: I mean, the one that's inspect as well.

Adam Bozanich:  I'm not sure. So like Yeah, I mean yes.

Adam Bozanich:  So, like the The manifest. So, When we do like a sin manifest from the client to the provider, there's a service that handles that on a provided side called them, Manifest Server. The manifest is like a well-defined Data structure.

Adam Bozanich:  So at that point like this is what I had in my head at least at the time when they wrote this was like the manifest service has the least and it has the manifest. Those are two world defined objects and it would send it. Then then basically asked the Moderation API like, hey is this acceptable? So nowhere in there. Is it actually going through? The Management API.

Anil Murty: Great. But I think my sorry. Glad you go.

Jigar Patel: Oh so I think one thing we need to add here is to get all the filters. So basically api that returns all the filters. So, We can show it on the dashboard or anyone can run that on a command line, see how many filters they can remove ad things like that.

Adam Bozanich: Sounds great, good call.

Adam Bozanich: But sorry, I know that.

Adam Bozanich:  Management API could have a get manifest or like, you know, return the manifest for police for for my deployment, that's totally possible. I just don't know where it's really needed but you know, if there's a workflow that needs it, and yeah,

Adam Bozanich:  And if if you think that I should get should. Describe the envisioned and a flows for using this, and it sounds like I should, then then I'll modify this. And that I'll add that to this.

Jigar Patel: And also wanting.

Anil Murty: Yes. Sorry.

Jigar Patel: A good good.

Anil Murty: Yeah just gonna say Adam. So I guess the thing I was trying to ask was so at least in my head the way of thinking of the slow is The. Provider uses the Management API to query. What it needs to pass to this. Moderation API. Which would basically be the things that the moderation API expects as inputs. That's kind of how I was thinking of this, and so, if that is true, then I was wondering if the management API spec needs to support returning. The things that this API expects,

Adam Bozanich: Got it. So right. Okay, so there's for configuring, yes. Sorry I got the there's two parts of this. One is configuration. One is like, you know, the Asking whether or not something's acceptable. the configuration part, None of these things require a manifest, I send in the manifest just because you don't know what the filters are going to contain but like so for instance, the host name one, I put a pattern in there to match those names, whatever. It doesn't need to be a pattern. It can just be, you know, hostname by host name. And but that host is, is in the manifest.

Adam Bozanich:  But when you configure like, hey don't allow this host, you don't need to send the whole manifest in or same thing with like tenant's address. You just sent in attendant address.

00:20:00

Adam Bozanich:  so to actually configure the thing, you don't need a manifest but I agree with you especially you know, If the workflow is like, Hey, I want to you know, and you know, look at all the workloads that are running and yeah, I don't like this one. I don't want to allow this one anymore. Then you need to be able to see, yeah. The, you know, depending on how you want to reject it. If you want to reject, you know, you need to be able to see the things that you can't reject it by. And that's all contained in the manifest. And the order. So you would need to get that from somewhere with management. Yeah. Go ahead and go ahead.

Jigar Patel: so I was, I was thinking that we keep this to separate so Basically.

Jigar Patel:  So when we like, find out in management API, when we find out that okay, this is running something bad. You want to panic. So, you obviously close the list but in not in the same quality gonna say, Okay, you know what band for a future use, we

Jigar Patel: obviously, you know, in a predator we're gonna add like, Okay, you want to, you want to ban this for a future, use what we call Moderation API after that, right to add that theater, basically.

Adam Bozanich: 100%. Yeah, yeah. and then yeah like if you want to in addition to that, if you want to say like Hey don't allow this tenant address anymore, you whatever you press that button and then, then the moderation API would be called. Saying like Hey don't allow this tenant address anymore but it's not the entire all the objects. It's just a ten address.

Jigar Patel: Yes.

Adam Bozanich: And I'll say that, like I didn't put it in here. But, you know, one, You know, they're just there's like two kind of clear.

Adam Bozanich:  and, Okay. So, like right, the implementation, like looks like there's gonna be like, two, two lists of rules. Basically. Our filters one ones for like order based ones for For manifest based probably. maybe maybe not, I don't know but it we could always add like if we're gonna do one with that then Queries. Some service that says, well, they're not an address is

Adam Bozanich:  Is.

Adam Bozanich:  KY seed it's it's It's pretty easy to add behind this interface and also like and implementation as well. Like there's like there could be the rules based one and then also we could also add, You know, API based stuff as well be in the same service kind of behind the same API.

Adam Bozanich:  I don't know the implementation. It may be just like a new rule, but I'm not sure.

Adam Bozanich:  I did default allow because that's just the behavior that we have now.

Anil Murty: So this means that the, the Addresses, for example, 10, it addresses that are allowed need to be explicitly added to this. Or.

Adam Bozanich: No, well, no, it's default allowed. So like Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Okay, makes sense.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. And so but if you want to make it default deny, you can you you have one rule that says deny everything. So I made it so that like for addresses, for instance, I just put a little note in thereâ€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: if they're just yeah.

Anil Murty: that's pretty standard even with like fireworks for example. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  Talk. Exactly. Yeah. And

Anil Murty:  Str.

Anil Murty:  Ategy. Oh, what is? So what happens if somebody sets the same? Priority for two different.

Adam Bozanich: I mean I was thinking it's just order. Oh, the same priority.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. So I was thinking it's just order of creation essentially like or it's just or it's undefined. But I met, you know, a lot of times you'll have like priority a hundred. There's just like a hot a bunch of rules of priority hundred you use, the priority just kind of bucket when you want things to be done and somebody screws up and puts like, conflicting rules in the same bucket. I don't know, it's either undefined or we can just define it as like, A second door, secondary ordering is like time of creation but then that ends up being the kind of a little bit cumbersome to, to maintain because we don't, it's not a proper database for this timestamps and stuff, and So, I would prefer for it to be just undefined.

00:25:00

Adam Bozanich:  In that, you shouldn't do that.

Anil Murty: Okay, so basically the the code will have to look through and see if there's a priority already set with that value. And if there is then it returns undefined.

Adam Bozanich:  No, it'll just the the order at which rules are executed at a particular priority is not defined. So people shouldn't assume that what there's any ordering to it? So it's yeah.

Anil Murty: Always.

Anil Murty:  Right.

Deval Patel: Sorry. Can override the previous one.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, but then you have to get into matching. I mean, we can.

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, then you have to get into the perfectly met you loop through and you see if there's an exact match on the like, everything, but priority, or actually actually on the middle field, you know?

Adam Bozanich: i, I think that Unless there's like a really like, it's like, people are really gonna like shoot themselves in the foot with this. I think it's really I don't know. I would prefer to just keep it simple like Don't screw up, but if you guys want to have more safe cars and that's fine too. We can sit here to find all those things.

Adam Bozanich: In fact, the you know, if you're gonna make a UI for it and you're gonna be able to get a list of all the rules,

Adam Bozanich:  You could potentially. prevent people from shooting those results in the foot in the UI be like, Hey, you already have this thing.

Adam Bozanich:  Or this conflicts with that, I don't know.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. I just need two notes here. Is there anything else that I missed?

Adam Bozanich: maybe put in the work, the the flow like some like where this fits into the deployment flow. Because that's what one point at the. Bit engine. And the other point, it's at the

Adam Bozanich:  manifest service.

Adam Bozanich:  I think that I I thought about doing some little diagrams, but Then I thought I would rather hold down doing that figure. So I didn't do it, but maybe there's some better, some good tooling for that right now. I thought I had heard Greg mentioned that there's some good.

Adam Bozanich:  and, Some easier ways to do these diagrams and

Anil Murty: It was great, though. So looks really cool.

Anil Murty:  Any other thoughts or questions from? They will jigar.

Jigar Patel: I'm good.

Deval Patel: Me, and we can always put that in comment and conversion. Here.

Anil Murty: Yep. Something perfect. I think that is all the had to do for today. Anything else you need to discuss?

Adam Bozanich: no, I know we were like, Hey, let's be done by today, but so it sounds like we we may need one more but Omega, Effort to be more attentive in discord and that's definitely try to button this stuff up.

Adam Bozanich:  You know, if not this week the next week and like maybe we'll have one more meeting, or maybe we're just like, like, Yeah, we're done here. you know, digging through I mean actually thinking through this particular thing it's like yeah, the implementation part is gonna It's it's a good project. And that it's Not super trivial but it's also not super hard, but it's gonna be done consuming. And so I know we all want to have these this stuff. Um, so be good to just kind of be done with the the PRD phase at the very least at first. And then maybe you know that we have these people that are like really wanting to work on things and you know, The goal of this kind of microservices stuff, is that? People can work on independent projects and they're not like have to get wrapped up in this just giant heady like monolithic thing. That is the provider services. So

00:30:00

Adam Bozanich:  It's possible. We could get people to start working on this thing, you know. Not to put in the not too distant future.

Deval Patel: No.

Tyler Wright: All right, terrific. So I think we'll just continue the conversation I think.

Adam Bozanich: Sounds good to me.

Tyler Wright: All right. Well there's nothing else then that wraps up this meeting or any other questions or thoughts before we head out.

Anil Murty: Not for me. Thanks everyone.

Adam Bozanich: No. Yeah thanks. Oh I guess once you stop it you stop recording. I have something I just wanted. Circle back to something we talked about at the beginning of this meeting while Boz is here.

Adam Bozanich:  Yes, Buzz. They were asking about the continuation of the grants. You know process exactly like Because then something to the steering committee. I don't know if you have anything else you'd want to add to that.

Boz Menzalji: No, I think that's what we that's a new work structure that we still need to like iron out. So if you guys have something to present to the steering committee, Just submit. Maybe like drafts for like some feedback leading up to the steering committee and we love to provide some feedback. Is going into it.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yeah, and then we'll add it as an agenda item and make sure that they have the appropriate time to present.

Boz Menzalji: When? Sharing Committee. It's end of this month.

Tyler Wright: The next. Yeah. End of this month, 23rd.

Boz Menzalji:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: The 23rd February.

Boz Menzalji:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: But again, it's every it's a last Thursday of every month. So whenever works.

Adam Bozanich: So, that was it.

Boz Menzalji:  Okay, wonderful.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So Are trying to what I do are once I have something solid, I will just send you for like initial feedback and that's works. Then we'll put them on for an interesting community.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful.

Deval Patel: I think we can present this are this month for sure. Right. So, Jigar and I gonna work on, you know, milestones and whatever things we want to achieve with greater and down the road, right? And we'll discuss how much funding are, you know, capacity across has just about that, right? And we'll go from that, okay?

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Yeah, just ping me if you need any help in the, in the interim, but I'll make sure the preliminary brackets circulated. And then I'll add an agenda item for the steering Committee on the 23rd.

Adam Bozanich: Perfect. Thanks all You do.

Jigar Patel: that's,

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Have a good rest of the day.

Jigar Patel: that's,

Anil Murty: My guys.

Meeting ended after 00:34:23 ðŸ‘‹

