# Akash Network - Akash Hackathon - Working Group (WG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda
- Discuss and get buy-in on the Akash HACKATHON proposal, identify any roadblocks, and pitch the proposal to the steering committee for potential resource 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 15, 2023
- Time: 11:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](coming soon)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Dimokus
- George Pro
- Luca Fortes
- Praveen Chaudhry
- Rodrigo Rochin
-Zach Horn


## Notes

### HACKATHON proposal docs presentation
* Adam Wozney mentioned that this is the first working group call for the HACKATHON proposal.
* Adam highlighted that there were three Working Groups (WGs) that came up in a monthly Special Interest Group call around community, and this is one of them. The other two are around crew3, a community building tool, and 2023 events that Akash could potentially sponsor or get more involved with.
* Adam mentioned that if other people want to get involved in leading a working group or putting something together, they can DM him on discord or send a message inside the general channel.
* Adam adds that the proposed Akash HACKATHON is something he has been thinking about since he joined Akash and Overclock almost two years ago.
* The biggest problem for why they haven't held one in the past was the lack of bandwidth, but now with this new open source, open community framework, he thought it would be a good time to propose what an Akash HACKATHON could potentially look like.
* Adam shared a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AE0k3QdejTY-s3B7zTZuCP06A5ie8n_yXF_lZGmUKUc/edit?usp=sharing ) with the participants in the discord channel, which is open for comments, questions, feedback, and thoughts.
* Adams says that they have a lot of internal buy-in at Overclock for hosting an Akash HACKATHON because it helps bring new developers into the ecosystem, builds awareness around the Akash network as a decentralized alternative to big centralized cloud players, teaches people about what Akash is capable of, and connects people to form HACKATHON teams or build up their professional development.
* Adam went through the proposal and gave the participants the opportunity to ask questions or provide feedback.
* George Pro suggested budgeting for marketing for the Hackathon project.
* Adam Wozney agreed and suggested finding someone to market to external communities, potentially even hosting in-person learning sessions and events in different regions.
* Zach Horn also agreed with the need for marketing and suggested proposing multiple timelines or recommendations to the steering committee.
* They discussed the timeline for the project and the need to balance moving quickly with the amount of work to be done.
* Adam Wozney suggested having a clear proposal rather than multiple options to avoid delays and approval roadblocks.

### Hackathon Roles Selection and Budget
* Adam proposes a budget of $1,000 per month per role for the Hackathon event support roles
* Andrew suggests the fair payment will depend on the time commitment for the roles and whether they are responsible for the entire Hackathon or just supporting the main team
* Zach asks about the expected time commitment and Adam agrees to add it to the working document
* The group discuss the possibility of setting up another call to discuss further
* Rodrigo asks who will conduct the role selection
* Adam believes the selection of people will depend on who signs up for what and whether their expectations and rewards align with the role requirements
* Adam suggests they review the hackathon working group after a week or two to check if they are doing what they are supposed to do
* Andrew suggests that the rewards for the winners should be in USD instead of AKT due to AKT volatility
* George asks if they need one person for each role, and Adam suggests one person should be enough, but they can also consider co-leaders or multiple people leading with different allocated resources
* Andrew suggests they need to set goals such as having two to three great projects from the hackathon that can receive some grants

## Action Items
- The group to set up another call to discuss further details about the Hackathon project, including the roles and responsibilities, timeline, and budget.
- Adam Wozney to work on the budget for the Hackathon, and identify appropriate tools to support the virtual event.
- Adam Wozney to pitch the proposal to the steering committee for potential resource allocation from the community pool.