# Akash Network - Akash Hackathon - Working Group (WG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda
- Discuss and get buy-in on the Akash HACKATHON proposal, identify any roadblocks, and pitch the proposal to the steering committee for potential resource 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 15, 2023
- Time: 11:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](coming soon)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Dimokus
- George Pro
- Luca Fortes
- Praveen Chaudhry
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Zach Horn


## Notes

### HACKATHON proposal docs presentation
* Adam Wozney mentioned that this is the first working group call for the HACKATHON proposal.
* Adam highlighted that there were three Working Groups (WGs) that came up in a monthly Special Interest Group call around community, and this is one of them. The other two are around crew3, a community building tool, and 2023 events that Akash could potentially sponsor or get more involved with.
* Adam mentioned that if other people want to get involved in leading a working group or putting something together, they can DM him on discord or send a message inside the general channel.
* Adam adds that the proposed Akash HACKATHON is something he has been thinking about since he joined Akash and Overclock almost two years ago.
* The biggest problem for why they haven't held one in the past was the lack of bandwidth, but now with this new open source, open community framework, he thought it would be a good time to propose what an Akash HACKATHON could potentially look like.
* Adam shared a [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AE0k3QdejTY-s3B7zTZuCP06A5ie8n_yXF_lZGmUKUc/edit?usp=sharing ) with the participants in the discord channel, which is open for comments, questions, feedback, and thoughts.
* Adams says that they have a lot of internal buy-in at Overclock for hosting an Akash HACKATHON because it helps bring new developers into the ecosystem, builds awareness around the Akash network as a decentralized alternative to big centralized cloud players, teaches people about what Akash is capable of, and connects people to form HACKATHON teams or build up their professional development.
* Adam went through the proposal and gave the participants the opportunity to ask questions or provide feedback.
* George Pro suggested budgeting for marketing for the Hackathon project.
* Adam Wozney agreed and suggested finding someone to market to external communities, potentially even hosting in-person learning sessions and events in different regions.
* Zach Horn also agreed with the need for marketing and suggested proposing multiple timelines or recommendations to the steering committee.
* They discussed the timeline for the project and the need to balance moving quickly with the amount of work to be done.
* Adam Wozney suggested having a clear proposal rather than multiple options to avoid delays and approval roadblocks.

### Hackathon Roles Selection and Budget
* Adam proposes a budget of $1,000 per month per role for the Hackathon event support roles
* Andrew suggests the fair payment will depend on the time commitment for the roles and whether they are responsible for the entire Hackathon or just supporting the main team
* Zach asks about the expected time commitment and Adam agrees to add it to the working document
* The group discuss the possibility of setting up another call to discuss further
* Rodrigo asks who will conduct the role selection
* Adam believes the selection of people will depend on who signs up for what and whether their expectations and rewards align with the role requirements
* Adam suggests they review the hackathon working group after a week or two to check if they are doing what they are supposed to do
* Andrew suggests that the rewards for the winners should be in USD instead of AKT due to AKT volatility
* George asks if they need one person for each role, and Adam suggests one person should be enough, but they can also consider co-leaders or multiple people leading with different allocated resources
* Andrew suggests they need to set goals such as having two to three great projects from the hackathon that can receive some grants

## Action Items
- The group to set up another call to discuss further details about the Hackathon project, including the roles and responsibilities, timeline, and budget.
- Adam Wozney to work on the budget for the Hackathon, and identify appropriate tools to support the virtual event.
- Adam Wozney to pitch the proposal to the steering committee for potential resource allocation from the community pool.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: Excellent. Cool. So thank you guys for joining today's working group crew three call. This is really the first I would say community. So almost solely community focused kind of working group that's been formed. I really didn't know much about Crew 3 before is brought to my attention. so today what I thought we could do is demo crew 3, Just walk through some of the tools features aspects of it that make it interesting for us to potentially launch a presence, a community presence on

Adam Wozney:  And then from there, once we all understanding what it is dive into how we could manage it, who could manage it, what the requirements would be for managing our presence on crew 3. What are some of the things that we could do on a regular basis? So it's not a ghost town. So it's not just like we launch a social media network or a social media presence and then there's nothing going on there because that just looks bad and then getting to what could be a fair reward structure incentives around? Someone actually managing it and prizes and things like that for community involvement, inside the platform. Is there anything else that we want to do? Cover about Crew 3 before we kind of get into a demo?

Adam Wozney:  No cool. So go ahead Damir.

Damir Simpovic: Level sorry I have no idea what it is. I joined because yeah, can you just in? You know, in short Please. Thank you.

Adam Wozney: That's yep. That's that's…

Damir Simpovic: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: why we're gonna have a short demo. So I think what we're gonna do here is Robert, I think you, you've raised your hand saying that you wouldn't mind sharing your screen and kind of just walking through crew three, what it is, some of the features, some of the technical aspects of it and then how communities can kind of provide value from it or get value from it. So Robert, I'll let you kind of take it away.

Robert: Awesome. I'm sharing my screen now, let me know if you can see it guys.

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Adam Wozney:  Yep, looks good.

Robert:  Awesome. Awesome. So crew, three wall Damir. Thanks for asking. Little context, true three. It's it's a tool that lets you like, engage with your community in, in a different way.

Robert: it lets and community members can do those missions to earn points. So, as I've seen it in other networks, I have Chris. And for example, here I have you me here archive persistence, right? Those missions. Like I said, they do them to engage well with projects depending on the projects, you see like different nations, and that's why I'm so excited to do this on a cash but well, the most common missions that you can see. Are basic, like Follow us on Twitter. Let's do a quick demo right here. This is the umi community. Some of you might know you may, some of you might not but well, Let's click on, Follow you me. This is what the user sees. If you if you join to retreat this is what you will see.

Robert:  So here are the missions, you click on whatever mission you want. And the mission is follow us on Twitter. You have a follow button here that will open up Twitter if I'm not mistake and let's see. Yeah, it's open it. Open Twitter, And I follow you me already. So let's say, you follow the page, you go claim the reward you click on claim.

Robert:  And wait. And you earn your points. I got my points already. Can you see quest claim? Do you see that guys?

Adam Wozney: I'm looking at, it's just blank right now.

Robert:  Yellow.

Adam Wozney: Here, it looks like you're in the No,…

Robert:  Oh, okay. Oh It's my connection.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: no. It looks like you're you're in the, you're showing our screen. The there you go. Now I can see it again.

Damir Simpovic: I always saw in the

Robert:  Okay. Okay, I was going back.

Robert:  Awesome. Yes, that's what, that's what I meant. Exactly. So, with my points, I will join the leaderboard. And, as you can see, there are some community members that is just impossible to catch up with them because they were doing missions. Since you may started doing this. However, there is a solution for that. And that is what Chris and does. Chris. And for example, they do a strings. and, Say.

Robert:  We're and people start earning points for two weeks and by the end of the two weeks, they select whatever the winner was. And then there we set the points and they basically start over again with a new set of missions. Christian is actually really cool. I have contacts with the guy that is managing the the crew tree on Crescent. And and he told me already like he's more than happy to help us out with a cash crew. Tree in case, we need his help. That's good to know. Let me go to the staking one. This one is the one that I've been like more involved recently. This is Alpha for you guys. Please don't share outside of here. It's taking, it's gonna launch a crew tree. Let's see how it goes for a validator, and we have some simple missions, Twitter follow already. This one is really cool. The daily connect

00:05:00

Robert:  This one used to login to true tree and claim the reward and get what one point, it's like a daily check-in. And I don't know if you notice, but there is a difference between this mission here. And the one from from you. I don't know if you spot the difference. But I will tell you the difference. This ones are locked.

Robert:  And as you can see here, they unlock, when you have the discord role. So that where we want to engage, sorry, we want to incentivize people. Sorry. No, that's not the work. We want to encourage people to join the stake in discord, right? And if they want to do these missions to join the giveaway that we're gonna have, they need to be on our discord. Once they're on discord and connect discord to the crew tree account, they will be able to do those missions for me. That's really cool. And it's not only limited to this court. Actually, you can see them all here. Actually, you can set different conditions, it can be different.

Robert: The role can be or cannot be X role and you cannot more conditions on top of that. It can be that they did x-quest for example. I don't know, follow us on Instagram, and to do this quest, you need to follow us on Twitter Quest. Done first, right? That doesn't make sense to you there.

Adam Wozney: No, that makes sense. So you have to do one thing before you can do the other

Robert: That's too fast.

Robert:  Exactly. It can be labels. It can be based on the date and disco role Max claims. I don't know, honestly what that is, but yeah. You can also set up the amount of points, they would get on the mission in case they do it. And also the submission type, this can help you automating the reviewing process. Yeah, this is something I learned to. There are some missions that are automatically validated but there are others that I need to review. As you can see here, I have one mission that I need to review.

Robert: If I click here, this is just a demo, your first quest to review. I i read it all, I just haven't closed it so I can have it here and For example, what I would see, let's say Damir the mission for you was to, I don't know deploy Facebook on a cache. I'm just saying random stuff here. And you need to submit a screenshot of your deployment. What I would see here would be the mirror user. His level of stuff, the discord at Twitter, right? And the screenshot that I told him to submit And then I could either accept that summation or reject that submission. And yeah, it's really cool. So let's go back to the Quest now. Edit if I'm going to fast,…

Adam Wozney: That was a.

Robert: guys, just let me know.

Robert:  Awesome. So This one, empty needs. You can either select to Auto Validate or you can review it. I don't know how it works yet, but the ones to join these core. Join telegram image. This one. You need to upload an image. So you need to validate that one yourself. This one is for you to leave and a new RL. So, if you click that URL, you will basically get the mission done. And and yeah, yeah, it's really cool. It's really awesome. I mean, I've been using this tool for a few months already. I've been in the human community and increasing community, the most recent one are the persistence and the cave, but Many networks, use the quest like, based on their necessity. And I want to go back to Crescent, because Chris, and they have these recent academy.

Robert:  And their missions basically are like submit for example here. Dexwell education. That's how we call dexwell. You know, it's it's a text right? The extra education, right? A threat on Twitter about Crescent. And that is one of the missions. How I see this for a cash for example is, I don't know. Write a threat about our cash or record a tutorial on how to deploy on a cash or maybe we can go deeper than that. I don't know. Host your note, host a Celestia node on a cash and we'll call, we could customize that For rewards, and you can see here, rewards are points and rewards.

00:10:00

Robert: Are also creed. So I guess we have like pretty much a lot of ground play here and the Quests are super super customizable. I'm just giving you like a quick quick overview on on this quest. And yeah, you even have templates to in case, you don't know what quest to do. You have a lot of templates to choose from. So, yeah, I guess it's definitely worth it if we, like, have a closer look on this and how we can adapt this for a cash?

Adam Wozney: This is,…

Adam Wozney: yeah. I

Robert: Because I don't…

Robert: I like to think that the users of a cash and the public of a cash, it's different than the normal defy user for example. So so yeah, that's all from my tech talk.

Adam Wozney: No, this is great. Thank you so much, Robert I have, um, could you go to maybe one of the more I'm kind of curious about. the number of people that are on particular projects, so like, Could you go to? Yeah, maybe you me, Is there like an example of the number of people that are actually on a given platform, like what's the most successful maybe community that is on Crew 3.

Adam Wozney:  Good Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes, so I don't have I don't know what's the most successful but I hear a guy the ambassador of the Master Network, probably know. But this there's a project so they have on good Relig, 160 submissions a day. On the requests. And I mean that's a lot just like yes.

Adam Wozney: Wow. That is a lot.

Andrew Gnatyuk: That's a big community. Yeah. Like a day. So as they have like, sweet, three or four reviewers of the submissions because like most of them, like, 80% of them, I they should be manually with you. And that's, and he's, and he's, right. I'm chatting this game like pretty much every day. He's like, Oh my God. I just woke up and I had like 18, new submissions and we didn't even update the tasks. You know, it's still like the old one. So this is like, like course we has a really big community.

Adam Wozney:  Now, that's really cool to hear now. in terms of,

Adam Wozney:  How people was my? I'm trying to figure out how to frame my question. So like Masa for example, they have all these quests and people contributing to get points. How are people rewarded beyond the points? They get because points are just numbers on a screen. Do they actually get you know, once your reach a certain level is that public knowledge somewhere where it's like once you get to a hundred points You get a hat. Once you get to a thousand points you get you know Master tokens. Do you know what I mean?

Andrew Gnatyuk: So that's where you have a leaderboard, right? So basically you're always you're always

Andrew Gnatyuk:  You're always rewarding like like top 100 people, you know, on the report or like top 200, depends on how you choose it, right. So basically like so I wrote that in our like a shared dog about that. So what we can do, we can create some testimonies for the community and reward them, gives them some utility, but position, it is and rewards like from one to ten places and the other leg from dance to 100, will have like some, I don't know, T-shirts, some Akt, some stuff, softly depends on us. What I would think in actually, is to talk to Saga because they have the cruciary as well and they just like, started another round for three months is I guess um, like a week ago or like a few days ago, I don't remember. Actually and I wanted to talk to their community admins moderators to ask like how much people do they have in the cruise for community and

Andrew Gnatyuk:  What the worst as a planning to get like, it's easier when the value project has not talking yet because, you know, you can like, give people the talking of, which has no value and they like expecting that this stuff will grow. And this is like someone that's interested in them. Yeah. But with with, in our options so we can choose like some swags and if these apt tokens or something we can create like and if anything else, it's totally depends on us. Basically.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney: Got it, got it. Go ahead Gino.

Gino Bernardi: Yeah, he thinks Adam hey everyone. I don't I only know Adam here but I've been talking to Boss and Scott a little bit previously. and this is a, this is exactly where I just wanted to chime in and bring forward a project that I am in very early stage development with So, we are my development partner and I were working on a project called Dibs Domains. and we are our hypothesis is that communities, especially ones like like you guys who are exploring the option of crew 3.

Gino Bernardi:  And like investigating, what what can we reward our community with when they complete certain tasks or reach a certain level and a leaderboard, you know, we're thinking that you guys might be interested in offering your community domains. We what we're building our is it completely decentralized, DNS allowing the community to own, not just their own domain. Like, you know, for example, You know, my name.eath well, I think everyone here is probably familiar with that but we're making it possible so that any TLD can be owned by a community. So I'm imagining, you know, Adam Dot Akt. Or Andrew Dot Akt. And then you know you could offer these as prizes to your, you know, it's part of your Crew 3 engagement system. If this is something you guys are gonna go through with at the end of the day.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, it's actually a great idea. Actually, you know, we've been looking for the digitalized domains, for our

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Our site. So like our physical just hit me up. I have to shoot, you say the answer, some questions on that, but as for the prices are also can use. For example, cloud, most, they have the plans right for the services, right? So we can use cloud services, we can use bright or discounts or something like that. It's like basically everything. You it's all depends on the quests that you will be publishing. Let's say if the guy is accepted as an provider and he succeeded in this and he is getting some akq words from from the provider, right? So we can reward him he does let's say he gets like 200 point 200 or 2,000 points on the setting up the provider, right? And he is like top 20 leaderboard and we can give him like additional rewards as a discount for surprise, right?

Andrew Gnatyuk:  So that's gonna be we can use our or some some discounts on this firon basically. So we can use our partners, just to give more prizes of the crew 3. And in order for them to be like to do more deployments or to create more providers in the benefit of cash.

Gino Bernardi: Andrew, did you see I could follow up with you later. What's your involvement with Akash?

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm the insider. Right now, but we are and, and a validator also.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Yeah, yeah. That's exactly.

Gino Bernardi:  Cool. Okay. Yeah, I'd be happy to follow up. Yeah. You know, like I said, we're very early stage and we're just trying to really collect. I mean, we're, we have a strong hypothesis here and we're moving forward and building this thing. But we really are trying to collect early feedback or feedback as early as possible and be willing to You know, if listened to feedback and adjust any of our decision-making going forward, would be really helpful. If and if you guys are Definitely gonna move forward with crew three and look at surprises. I mean, I'd be very happy to see what kind of, you know, partnership or something that we could come up with I think, I think the community would appreciate it. It's my guess.

Adam Wozney: So this kind of all leads to one of my main. I don't want to call it a concern but main thoughts around crew three. So

Adam Wozney:  I'm doing this as a wholly owned, kind of community initiative and there's two parts room. Actually multiple parts of this one is active management of our of our platform on crew three like, Who's helping create the rewards, who's vetting? The I guess the system kind of That's like if somebody follows you on Twitter, It automatically can tell you followed someone on Twitter. But if somebody writes a blog post how does it know that somebody like writes a blog post? So like the management of the platform itself, like How how does the community itself manage that like? Is it something where we have one or two people that can gain access to crew? Three. So like, how many people can manage crew three at one time and then this all leads to like almost a follow-up question on fair, reward structure. So similar to how we're building out which events we attend in 2023 on the Akash.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  Going through community governance. What is the, what is a good incentive package for people that would manage crew 3? And how many people do we need? Actively managing it to make sure that incentives are being followed up on rewards are being paid out. All of that kind of stuff. This is really just an open-ending question to everyone in this call. I have my own thoughts on how best to do it but I want to get your guys's opinions and how we can, you know, not only initially, like, set it up. Manage it on a day-to-day basis. Make sure rewards are getting paid off, highlighting, community contributors and then someone actually managing that entire system Thoughts.

Adam Wozney: Go ahead, Robert.

Robert: All right. Well I think

Robert: Two to three people should be more than enough to like you say set up the community. Make sure enough nations are being created, people being active, all right, sorry about that noise in the last one. Make sure you review like the submissions and everything. And Yeah it's it's a decent amount of work but I'm pretty sure that between two to three folks, it can happen as far as incentive goes well, Money. But I don't know what else.

Adam Wozney: Andrew.

Adam Wozney:  Oh, I saw your hand was up. You got a thoughts?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Oh yes. Sorry I said I was muted. So I just wouldn't chat our shared dog and I put there a rough estimate on what we need to discuss.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Um, so the rough estimate for crew tree based on like my inceptions was like, it's 2.5, maybe to five K of 5K USD in Akt, based on. Like, if we, we have like two or three people working on that and this is about making tasks and moderate and stuff. So I guess if it's gonna be like two months quest, right? For the beginning with what I like with tasks that I wrote in the dark previously,…

Adam Wozney: Here.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I guess for the payments, for intense this, for this, like to people to people would be like 500 USD in a key per month. Would be fair enough play I guess.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, and…

Adam Wozney: Okay.

Andrew Gnatyuk: additional yeah. An additional rewards for the for the rewards for the LZ for this rack. And for yeah, and for the marketing today, As well.

Adam Wozney: Cool. So I think this Doc, this doc that you put together is awesome. It's definitely, what would need to be kind of showcased to the steering committee to get kind of their thoughts and approval on before we put it up for, you know, community governance vote on funding. um, I would suggest that everyone in this call and maybe when you Andrew share this in the Crew 3 working group for people to put in their their feedback and…

Andrew Gnatyuk: It actually it's it's actually Robert's dog.

Adam Wozney: thoughts on

Andrew Gnatyuk: It was shared. I just drew my yeah.

Adam Wozney:  Oh, got it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I just want my thoughts there. So basically Yeah you it's already shared that.

Adam Wozney:  Got it, got it. Yeah, I would So I would. Okay, yeah, you should. Oh, that's right. I think I remember seeing this. So I think we should highlight this to people in the community put in their feedback and thoughts and get this and kind of good working order. One of the things I was thinking over right away is I think breaking down the funding a little bit more. So someone managing crew, 3 making sure the incentives are going up, putting them up there managing the rewards and payouts how much that would cost in you know funding per month over the course of this year. Just so we have it kind of in a yearly way. I think that's a better way to approach it but that I can put in the dock. It doesn't look like I can. So in this doc I can't make comments. I would open this up for comments so make it public where people can actually comment, not just view that way people can put in their notes. Um, go ahead, Andrew.

00:25:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. So in terms of finance, I guess I can talk to the some fellow projects that has a crew suite and make some rough. I guess assumptions on like the finance that we need for that.

Adam Wozney:  Yep, cool.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  I need, I need approximately, I guess like time to Wednesday, maybe Thursday to do that.

Adam Wozney:  I would also one of so I think the funding that makes sense. And then the other thing that I was thinking about is in terms of management, how do we Grant access to individuals that want to participate in managing crew 3. So if there's let's say two people that manage Crew 3 over the course of this year.

Adam Wozney:  How do we make sure a that they're, you know, doing what they said they were going to be doing. So the their you know rewards for support of this project are valid and then How do we take people out of managing it? So let's say, for example, Let's say, Zach and Robert are both say, We're gonna manage this, we're gonna do this for this year. This can be part of kind of what we do to help out Akash and then, you know, six months or maybe three months down the road Zach's, like, Oh, I can't do this anymore. How do we remove Zach from management of this? So they don't have access to the password. They don't have access to managing the back end. Like, where is that? That data stored. I would include something in this working dock on what that process looks like.

Adam Wozney:  And I can put in my suggestions. My high-level quick suggestion, for people in this call would be, we would probably have to add this to, like internally and overclock we use one password for all of our passwords having a one password. So that way there is like, oversight, there is like a, I know, it's a dirty term, but there's like a central area where people that are part of the Akash project and overclock labs can manage that system and then that way people leave people get kicked out. People are bad actors. We can kind of manage that. And so that way things don't get messy, if that makes sense. But go ahead. Robert

Robert: Absolutely. Yeah.

Robert: Symptom in. It's really easy. You can have like five admins I believe for free. They do have a paid plan but I don't have any details on that. You can have five admins for free and if you want to remove one of the admins, another ending just need to kick that member now that I'm saying this, I don't know if for example, let's go to example of Zach and I And Zach needs to remove me because I'm misbehaving.

Robert: Underneath it.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I think there has to be included in maybe that document, like the Master Admin, which I think could be kind of community governed and would just live in like our overclock labs, one password. And then that person even though they may not be involved in and day out, they have the ultimate authority because yeah, let's say you know it's you Let's say it's you mean Zach, the three of us started up. You actually launched the Akash crew three plan and it's under your name, Robert and then you turn out to be a bad actor. You kick out me and Zach before weekend and then you own the Akash crew three presents. That could be, you know, obviously not a good way to approach it. So I think that should be kind of written out in like, in in the document that you shared here on how we manage the managers in kind of a community supported way if that makes sense.

Robert: Thoroughly. One more thing is that I refresh the settings in the document.

Adam Wozney:  Cool.

Robert: Try to refresh the patients. If you can comment now in the government.

Adam Wozney:  Let's see here.

Adam Wozney:  Yes, I can. You can add comments. Cool. So now it's open for public discourse. I would say the main things on this document that need to be like edited for people to comment on or update would be a very clear understanding of the budget, how much Crew 3 costs. How much people that manage crew three should get incentivized and how much payments people get as a part of the community for contributing to crew. Three and I would put that into like a yearly kind of budget template. So that way it's like this is 2023 crew three budget. What, what is needed. And then when 2024 comes around, we do the exact same process in the community can help with that together. I think it includes those things, the management of the platform

00:30:00

Adam Wozney:  Um, payouts and prizes. Those are the big. The big things that we'll need to share with the steering community and then put up for governance vote to get funding for. You know, moving this forward. Go ahead Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes, so my suggestion is not to make the not to create the budget for the whole year, but creates budget for the campaigns. Like so we had like, so we have like three months campaign on the crews, really? Right with the marketing, etc. So we are like asking the for funding for the steering committee for the three months campaign, and after it's finishes, we will have a results. We can share it. And then, we can see if this is like works us for us. Well, and this is this works. Well, we can then create some another painful, like three, four, five, six months. It's actually but not just to make it like in the whole year. It's just, but but split it into the campaigns, you know, just a suggestion.

Adam Wozney: How much does crew 3 cost? Because it costs money for us to like actually put to put it together. How much does it cost per month? Do you guys know?

Andrew Gnatyuk: And I guess it's free now.

Adam Wozney: Oh, it's free for so if I wanted to launch Nakash one right now, I can start it today. Interesting. Okay,…

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Yep.

Robert: That's right.

Adam Wozney: um and then is it easy to delete the platform? So say, for example, We do it your way Andrew, and after three months, there's no community contributions. It just didn't work out. Community is not supporting, it's just not for us, is it to delete your presence? So that way, there isn't this ghost town of a nakash community living and it just looks bad.

Andrew Gnatyuk: From, yeah, I I guess we can do that. It's, that's not a problem at all.

Adam Wozney: So, you

Adam Wozney:  Got it. Okay, that's yeah, that's useful. I would include that in the proposal doc as well, just because that, that would be a fear for me. If I was like, Oh yeah, I'm super down for this and then three months pass and nothing's happened, and it's just a bad initiative, then it stays on the line forever. And people that find it or like, Oh, Cush doesn't exist even and it just doesn't look good. So I would include that that you can get rid of the platform after this kind of three month period. But yeah, Andrew I think that's a good way to approach it. I would actually say, Yeah, I think three months is good. I feel like that's it makes sense and maybe put that in the proposal, this will be kind of a three-month pilot and then at the end of that three months, if it's successful, we can ask for budget for, you know, for another like year or something like that. I would include that in the proposal dog.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Yep, sure. I actually in this shared dog. I we have like I proposed a four stages of the, for the campaign. It includes learning how to deploy like a cashi Adu, I'm getting started me. The cash is about to subscribing about the projects and about the providers and additional that we can do repeatable tasks. So, just like just read this, like suggestion for discussion. I call it. So Um, yeah. And this this should be like a swimmers campaign at most. And it should cover like probably all the things and projects akashes working. Now like right now.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I think that makes it any other thoughts from folks on on? Kind of this approach? Does it make sense? How does this work?

Adam Wozney:  Well.

Robert: Yeah, damira damira you started this call not knowing anything about the platform. What are you thugs now? We showcase it and everything.

Damir Simpovic: Oh wow. I mean, I I don't, I don't have a feel about how it actually works and but it definitely looks good. It looks very usable. It looks, I really like the reward system.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah. But like as everything basically, it needs dedication from, you know, from somebody who will actually lead this and put some energy into it, you know, to create some positive buzz. And to have people.

00:35:00

Adam Wozney: Yep.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah. Yeah,…

Robert: 100% men.

Damir Simpovic: thank you.

Robert: Thank you for sharing it. All right. I didn't mean to put you on the spot. All right, but thank you for sharing.

Damir Simpovic: No, no no, that's fine, that's fine. I'm just soaking in, you know, I'm not, I have my opinion, but this opinion is not very educated.

Adam Wozney: Hmm.

Damir Simpovic: So, Yeah, please take this with the salt.

Adam Wozney:  For sure and we don't even know yet like right now, Robert was kind of leading the demo and Andrew has a really good understanding because he's seen, he's been a part. He's been using Crew 3 for a while. We don't even know yet. Who would be interested in raising their hands and saying I want to, you know, help manage this. It's really up for discussion. That's kind of what these calls are about. So I think that's a really good fair point. Damir is like, How is this gonna be managed? So I think people that want to contribute to this should just go into that document that is shared in the crew. Three working group discord, channel, and put in their thoughts in there.

Adam Wozney:  Um, and if I think, if people are interested in actually participating in this, adding, their names, during their head, into the arena saying, I want to be one of the managers of crew 3. They can add their names into that document as under like maybe a proposed manager with their name and their discord handles, people can reach out to them. And then once this document's in good working order, we have a proposal in place. We know what the budget will be. We know who wants to help manage this, we have a timeline for implementation, all included in this proposal Doc, then we can bring this to the steering community for, for funding pitch, and then put it up for a community governance proposal to lock it in. But I think this is all I think we're in a good spot right now. So any other final thoughts or questions before we wrap things up today?

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. So I will put this, I will make the notes of this meeting, if you don't mind Adam and to put them on the Github for our crews free page, if it's okay.

Adam Wozney:  Oh, say that again, sorry, I missed that.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  That I'm gonna make notes for this meeting and we'll put them on the Github Github. I created the additional page for the crew suite in our community, like the working group for the crew suite on the Github.

Adam Wozney: It. Yeah, that's great.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Get process.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Alright guys. Well, thank you for walking through this. Thank you. Robert, for the demo. Thank everyone for their thoughts. If you do have additional feedback or ideas on crew, three or potentially managing resource, allocation, all that stuff, just go into the working, the crew 3, discord channel, and we'll go from there. But thank you guys for joining this call and have a great weekend.

Adam Wozney: See you guys.

Robert: Can. All right.

Meeting ended after 00:48:36 👋

