# Akash Network - Akash Hackathon - Working Group (WG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda
- Discussion and showcase of Dorahacks as a tool for the Hackathon.
- Discussion on defining and selecting volunteers for various roles for the Hackathon.
- Presentation and discussion of the passed [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/100).
- Discussion on general Timeline for the Hackathon planning process.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, April 21, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Coney Daddy 
- George Pro
- Gloria Lee (Dorahacks)
- Joao Luna
- Luca Fortes
- oo o
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- Adam Wozney starts the meeting and thanks everyone for joining, including the members of the working group on the Akash 2023 HACKATHON.
- Adam Wozney mentions that the proposal for the HACKATHON has passed with a resounding 99% of all voters saying yes.
- Adam Wozney proposes showcasing Dorahacks as a tool for potential use for the HACKATHON.
- Adam Wozney talks about the rough timeline and to-do list for the HACKATHON and the need to define and figure out who would be best suited to volunteer for the roles mentioned in the proposal.
- Adam Wozney shares his screen to go over the proposal and explains what the HACKATHON is about, mentioning that he has been thinking about it for two years and now is a good opportunity to loop in community members.

### Hackathon Roles and Responsibilities 
- Adam Wozney mentions two things he wants to discuss in the meeting: timeline and roles.
- Adam Wozney outlines the three roles for the hackathon: Hackathon lead, community manager, and marketing manager.
- Adam Wozney explains that the Hackathon lead will manage the entire event from beginning to end, organize events and help, and manage the application form and HACKATHON tool.
- Adam Wozney explains that the community manager will help manage HACKATHON Office Hours and workshops, support mentors, and provide hacker support.
- Adam Wozney explains that the marketing manager will lead promotion and find potential sponsored tracks, with connective tissue between the project and Akash.
- Adam Wozney mentions that additional support will be provided by Overclock Labs, including design resources and hosting the application form on the Akash website.

### Timeline
- Adam Wozney shares a rough to-do list for the HACKATHON, which will be discussed more after Gloria's presentation on DoraHacks.
- Adam Wozney mentions a preparation period of about a month and a half before the HACKATHON goes live, with a two-week registration period.
- Adam Wozney suggests promoting the HACKATHON and doing follow-ups during the registration period.
- Adam Wozney proposes a one-and-a-half-month period for the hackathon with a two-week registration period to give participants time to think about their projects.
- Dive deeper into the technical aspects of Akash. 
- Once the hackathons are done, winners will be announced, and a post-mortem will be conducted. 
- Feedback forms will also be sent out to participants to make future hackathons better.

### Presentation of Dorahacks.io by Gloria
Gloria Lee from Dorahacks introduces the company as a developer incentive platform that hosts hackathons, provides grants and bounties, and validates for partners through public good staking. Dorahacks facilitates the operational side of things for their partners and helps build long-term relationships to aid in the developer communities' growth. They offer support in marketing, logistics, and addressing questions related to the hackathon before, during, and after the event. The platform is customizable, and the details of the hackathon vary depending on the community's preferences. The prize pool, judges, and criteria can be adjusted according to the community's requirements. Dorahacks has hosted hackathons since 2014 and has expertise in judging and mentorship.

### Questions For Gloria
- Participants ask how Dora Hacks platform is different from DevPost
- Gloria explains that Dora Hacks doesn't charge any upfront hackathon fees, provides hands-on support, and has an international team to address questions in a timely manner, which is a competitive advantage
- Adam confirms that Dora Hacks is a no-cost platform, which is an advantage compared to other platforms that charge more
- Adam asks Gloria if she could do a quick run-through of the creation of the hackathon in the pages
- Gloria explains that there are readily available hackathon guides, a step-by-step process similar to developer registration, and they help with landing page promotion materials and marketing
- Gloria offers to help with email blasting the Cosmos community and introducing potential partners for co-sponsorship or contributing to the prize pool


### Budget For Hackathon Roles
- Each role will be a paid position with a budget allocated.
- Lead role pays 4,000USD in Akt over three months.
- The HACKATHON Community Manager role pays 3,000USD over three and a half months.
- The marketing manager role pays 3,000USD over three and a half months.
- Adam is open to other people taking on the lead role but thinks he is most equipped for it.
- People can raise their hand in the HACKATHON Discord channel to express interest in a role.
- Adam wants to filter out people who don't have the time or skill set for the roles.
- The group brainstormed for a way to approach the decision matrix for role selection

 ### Criteria and Framework For Selecting Individuals For Roles
- Scott Hewitson suggests soliciting applications for specific roles and giving out guidelines or criteria for potential applicants. He proposes a simple application template with questions about previous experience, skills, and fit for the role.
- Adam Wozney agrees and creates a note section at the bottom of the document to create an application template.
- Scott Hewitson emphasizes the importance of keeping the application process simple and flexible.
- Adam Wozney suggests requiring applicants to be insiders, as they are the most engaged and understanding members of the Akash community. The group discusses and agrees on this criteria with thumbs up.
- Adam Wozney raises the question of how to decide between two equally qualified applicants for a role. Scott Hewitson suggests using seniority and activity level as filtering mechanisms. Adam Wozney agrees and suggests using a community tool called Orbit to measure engagement levels.
- The group agrees on four filtering mechanisms for selecting applicants: seniority, activity level, insider status, and a simple application process.
- Adam Wozney proposes adding an insider vote as a final decision-making mechanism if there are multiple qualified applicants for a role. The group agrees with thumbs up.

### HACKATHON Preparation Steps
- Adam Wozney suggests drafting up a lightweight application for the Hackathon and sharing it in the HACKATHON channel for comments and thoughts.
- Gloria has some resources available for HACKATHON preparation, and Adam suggests sharing them in the chat.
- The project has a four-step process: preparation, marketing assets, marketing, and programming. Preparation is expected to take a month to a month and a half, but it could take more or less time.
- The to-do list includes progress, the person responsible for it, the link to the documentation, and a timeline for completion.
- The community can track the progress transparently and know how long until it should be completed.
- Luna asked if they have discussed having sponsor talks during the week and mentioned the topics they could cover, like how to buy Akt introduction to a cost 2.0. 
- Adam agreeds to Luna's idea and suggested managing it through one of the roles, helping create a timeline for those specific events.
- The next steps will be deciding on a launch date for the HACKATHON and starting to complete the individual tasks.

### Final Thoughts and Discussions
- Gloria offered to provide an action item list for the hackathon after receiving the tentative timeline and roles, and said that her team at dorahacks could collaborate with the Pocs if they decide to use dorahacks as the platform.
- Adam Wozney suggested reviewing a more detailed guide for the hackathon and added that they should be able to figure out roles and timelines by the end of next week.
- A poll was taken to decide on using dorahacks as the hackathon provider, and everyone gave a thumbs up.
- Adam suggested working on a call to arms in the hackathon Discord channel, outlining available roles and soliciting feedback, with potential community voting systems to follow
- Proposed holding weekly hackathon working group calls to keep things moving quickly, and offered to be the de facto lead until individual community members could outvote him or take over the lead.

##  Action Items
- Adam Wozney to draft up a lightweight application for the hackathon and share it in the HACKATHON channel for comments and thoughts.
- The group to complete the four-step process for the hackathon. 
- The group to decide on a launch date for the hackathon and start completing individual tasks.
- Gloria to provide an action item list for the hackathon after receiving the tentative timeline and roles. 
- Adam to review a more detailed guide for the hackathon and figure out roles and timelines by the end of next week.
- Adam Proposed holding weekly hackathon working group calls to keep things moving quickly.

# **Transcript**
_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, and I think we're live. Thank you all for joining. Today's very exciting working group on the Akash, 2023 HACKATHON, very excited. This is really the first kickoff call to kind of start thinking through the planning for now that the proposal has passed. So thank you all for voting. Yes on the proposal. It was like a resounding 99% of all voters said, yes. So like fantastic things. A lot of excitement on the idea of akash-hackathon.
Adam Wozney:  The governance proposal, which I'm sure she's kind of used to other crypto communities doing similar things trying to get funding for this. I thought it'd be great. To kind of actually have her showcase door hacks as a tool for potential, use for this HACKATHON. At the end of that, we can see if there's any questions and then I'm gonna start to run through a general kind of timeline on how I think we kind of start.
Adam Wozney: I'm expecting, like I've said in other calls around the events proposal, there will be some, you know, issues, there'll be some roadblocks. The first time, we're kind of doing this in a community kind of way, but, um, I think it's still a solid proposal and I'm really excited to kind of get this get this moving along. Oh, one other thing is gonna mention is, besides the kind of rough timeline and kind of this to-do list that I'm gonna kind of go through. I think, what we're, we need to start working on our roles. So, as a part of the proposal, there were roles events manager, sponsorships, kind of partnerships marketing, all that kind of stuff. So, I want to start to think through how we can define and figure out who would be best suited to actually volunteer for those roles. They are paid rewarded volunteer opportunities but just thinking through how we can kind of the selection process and all that kind of good stuff but before I kind of quickly showcase the proposal just to level set any questions.
Adam Wozney:  Oh, we're good. Excellent. So let me share my screen. And we'll get this movement. Go over here. Proposal share admit. Okay. Can everyone see my screen? We're good. I think so.
Adam Wozney:  So cool, cool. So I think you guys have all seen this. I'm assuming all of you voted on this proposal, but I thought to kind of kick things off just as a level set, want to kind of talk about what this HACKATHON is about. So as as mentioned in the proposal, the this is something I've actually been thinking about really since joining Akash two years ago is my two year akash this week. I just didn't really have the resources, the time, the wherewithal to kind of start really properly planning this. But now with it's kind of open framework of how the Akash network is structured. I thought this is a good opportunity to kind of loop in community members to get involved. And actually support what this HACKATHON could potentially look like.
Adam Wozney:  There's many projects that host hackathons, especially now. When I don't know if you call this a bear market anymore, but I feel like that's the cycle of crypto. There's bull markets, where just things are flying off the shelves, nobody's really building everyone's going to events. And then there's kind of build markets and I feel like we're in a build market right now. So there's a lot of projects that are hosting hackathons. I've mentioned in this proposal ethereum Aptos near Juno just for a couple examples, archway as well and I thought it's about time that Akash actually hosts a HACKATHON. Um, there's many things, There's many reasons why it makes sense to host the HACKATHON, you can bring some attention to a cautions technology. We're going to get some more contributors to GitHub. We're gonna educate community members, that maybe aren't totally familiar with some of the tech stack that a cost provides and we get to partner with other cosmos projects or potentially partner with other cosmos projects which is really good. It kind of strengthens the bond of a cosh being kind of the backbone of the cosmos ecosystem.
Adam Wozney:  Um we formed a working group, we created proposal, we got that proposal pass. So now we're finally at the stage where we can start building this thing out. Projected outcomes. I've listed a few here. These are really just forecasted outcomes. There could be things that really explode and aren't listed here or some of these things that are listed here. May not ever happen and that's totally fine. But generally speaking from hackathons I've run in the past These are the things that we can look forward to in terms of outcomes from this HACKATHON and you can kind of review that stuff there.
Adam Wozney:  Right now, we're kind of pre preparation. So, in the timeline, I have it kind of listed out in terms of, We're starting to build out the marketing collateral. We'll start to build the website. We're starting to build what the HACKATHON tracks are, and then, execution and review of the HACKATHON, but we're really kind of pre All of that. Right now, is the first kickoff call for what our HACKATHON could look like. And what I'm gonna review here in a second is kind of that rough timeline but um, there's a lot of things to kind of do to make this work. I'm expecting a timeline of minimum three to four months before. The thing is really up and going and potentially like live for people to start contributing, but I think preparation is gonna what really makes a successful so I think kicking it off with this call. Today is gonna be super helpful.
00:05:00
Adam Wozney:  Um, big thing that I want to kind of maybe discuss with our time today. The two things like I mentioned one, is the timeline, which I'll discuss here in a second and the other are the roles. So, right now we have three kind of listed roles for this HACKATHON. The first is Hackathon lead. This is the person that's gonna really shirpa the entire thing.
Adam Wozney:  Organize help. Organize some of these events, the office hours, help. Get the website up and going help, get the application form up and going Find the HACKATHON tool that we use Potentially door hacks as our tool for getting hackers to submit their proposals and their projects. Just basically the person managing this thing from top to bottom from beginning to end. The second part is kind of a community manager. And this is the person that's gonna really help manage the HACKATHON Office Hours, HACKATHON workshops, helping to manage some of our mentors that we want to bring in to help support community questions. A part of the HACKATHON and really helping provide hacker support. So, this person can be technical or non-technical preferably technical, so they can answer questions. But if they are not technical, they know what resources, the point people to, or, they know who to connect with, to ask, for additional help on with, with hackers that are participating.
Adam Wozney:  And then the final kind of role that we have listed as a HACKATHON kind of marketing manager. And this is the person that's really going to help lead promotion, helping come up with some of the copy for social media. Potentially, even writing the blog post about the HACKATHON, promoting it to different cosmos, projects letting other Cosmos projects and communities. Know that there's a HACKATHON taking place or going into discord channels. Going into telegram channels, connecting with other marketing, managers at these projects and then really, providing kind of the support to get more people inside of the HACKATHON. One other one, other kind of role within that role is finding those other cosmos projects that could potentially have sponsored tracks. So finding let's say hypothetically This person reaches out to someone from Juno. And says, Hey would you like to have a sponsored track inside the Akash-hackathon?
Adam Wozney:  Of tissue between that project and akash. So it can't just be like build X on Juno and has nothing to do with the cosh because this is a cash HACKATHON. We want to draw people more into our ecosystem. So making sure there's some sort of connective tissue between that project and ours. Yes, exactly Mr. Luna, I think that's a great example of potential sponsored track and we can kind of discuss that a little bit later.
Adam Wozney:  There's gonna be additional support provided by Overclock Labs. That can be in terms of design resources. Probably hosting the application form on the Akash website, which we can create pull requests for. But I'm expecting that'll be a fair amount of kind of additional support from Overclock Labs, but the really the Big three roles are Hackathon lead person. Managing this thing from front to back community manager, people that are helpful with other hackers that are participating finding resources, tools training. And then a marketing manager, which is the person kind of doing the outreach to other projects to introduce some of the HACKATHON and other communities and finding sponsored tracks potential sponsored tracks. um so those are the roles that we want to discuss and then the last thing that will kind of cover before I actually hand it off here in a second to
Adam Wozney:  To a Livia. I'm totally forgetting your name now, Gloria. Sorry is the kind of rough to do list so I'm just gonna show it right now but I think we can cover this after Gloria kind of goes through this HACKATHON tool that we could potentially use with Dora Hacks, but I've started a lightweight kind of to do list or what this HACKATHON will look like. And I wanted to just show this but not get into it because I think Gloria actually might have a lot of these tools available through our hacks, but I don't want to put words in your mouth. But this is the general idea on like what we're looking at in terms of today, all the way to completion of the HACKATHON, there's going to be a preparation fear period. That's, I'm assuming it's gonna be around a month and a half from when we decide, let's start preparing to when we go live. There will be a two week, give or take registration period, where we need to, like, promote this. Get people to register and then do follow-ups. Once the HACKATHON is live,
00:10:00
Adam Wozney:  The actual period of the HACKATHON, which I'm putting it around one to a month and one month to about a month and a half and I did it specifically for a month and a half and a two week registration period. Because it's going to give people time to think about the projects. They want to build and dive deeper into the technical aspects of Akash. So they know what to do. So they're not just asking basic. Hopefully, not asking basic questions in support channels or an office hours.
Adam Wozney:  And then once the hackathons all done it's gonna be announcing the winners doing a post-mortem. What worked, what didn't work as a part of the HACKATHON and even potentially sending out feedback forms to participants to make sure that the next time we do act on it'll be even better than before. So that's the, I'll cut a cover more this in a second. But um, I wanted to bring in our special guest so I I spoke with Gloria, like I mentioned a couple weeks ago, she's part of Dora Hacks door. Hacks is a kind of a virtual HACKATHON tool, that different projects have used to host their own hackathons. I think it's a fantastic tool, but I want the community to kind of come together and, you know, do some duo Dui or on all the potential tools that are out there. I've also spoken spoken with folks from Devpost spoken with Dora Hacks and I know there's a handful of other ones that are out there but Gloria's been the most engaged with connecting to me and potentially being the provider for this. So I thought it makes sense for her to actually kind of run through what door Hacks is.
Adam Wozney:  The process looks like from previous projects, they worked on and then we can kind of come together and future working group calls to make a decision on which tool makes the most sense to host this HACKATHON on for project submissions to come in and management of the HACKATHON overall. So I hope that was a good high level explanation beforehand. It, you Gloria any questions and some of the things I covered before, we hand over to Gloria for a second.
Adam Wozney:  Okay, cool. So Gloria feel free to take it away.
Gloria Lee: Yeah, thanks so much Adam. It's great to see you. It's been a minute and it's so nice to meet everyone. Adam did a really great job, giving a high level overview of what. I'm Dora Hawks does. And I think, you know, based on the HACKATHON proposal and the outline that he had just covered, we aligned super well and many aspects. So I can just share my screen. I think might be easier to just show you guys how our platform looks like, and Demonstrate, like how easy it is.
Gloria Lee:  I okay, here you go. So, a little bit more about Dora Hawks. We are
Gloria Lee:  A developer multi-chain developer incentive platform. So we don't not only help host hackathons for a partners be also have grants bounties as well. And we also validate for our partners through like a public good staking approach where the yield generated from the node that we spin up for our partners, actually goes back into the ecosystem, in the form of grants prize pools. You know, funding for to fun like future hackathons, for example, and so further build out the network. I know that Adam mentioned archway in the call so I thought this would be pretty like relevant kind of just show you how some hackathons look like on our page. But we also are partners with a lot of ecosystem in the cosmos arena we've posted. And we will host an option breakfast for those who are attending consensus this year. So hopefully see you guys
Gloria Lee:  There, feel free to ping me if you want the invite link. But I also think Adam has access to that, as well. But before I go over just kind of like the layout of for example like archways hacked on on our platform the way that we partner with ecosystems to host a HACKATHON for them. So there's actually we don't there's no cost actually having us like provide our portal for submissions, especially for our first time partners. We're very
Gloria Lee:  We value having, you know, sustainable long-term relationships to, you know, not just only have one-off hackathons, but kind of just, you know, show our commitment to helping build out, you know, the developer communities for like, you know, our partners network and the greater Web 3 ecosystem, but pretty much we help facilitate, um, all the logistics and operation operational side of things. In addition to marketing, like a lot of the roles that Adam had mentioned in the HACKATHON outline, you know, whoever is like the point of contact with that like we will be readily available to like help guide you guys throughout like the entire process and address. Any questions you guys may have we've been doing HACKATHON specifically since like 2014. So it's definitely not our first rodeo. Most of our fonts are online but we do juggle like for, you know, going on like simultaneously and you know our operations team or like super capable even if
00:15:00
Gloria Lee:  We have a lot of hockmans going on at once, like we always, you know, are available to address any questions like on discord and really engage with like the Akash and, you know, Cosmos community for, you know, to work out, any questions related to the HACKATHON before during and after and
Gloria Lee:  In terms of the layout. So if you go to our hackathons page, you can see the types of hackathons that are happening currently, there's some that are going to start in the very near future but we have seen amazing projects from our platform. Actually polygon like a while ago was actually project that emerged from one of our hackathons. Um but archway for example, so when we helped archway launch their Hawthorne on our platform, it is wrapping up pretty soon as you can see. And yeah, like typically the sweet spot for like a Hawthorne timeline and like, ranges from like a month to month and a half, which is right in line with what you guys were thinking as well. So here, so,
Gloria Lee:  Um, one of the only like, you know, requirements that we ask from our partners is like the prize pool because we provide like support everywhere else. Um, but I know that was like, you know, included in your guys's outline, but so here are the build O's which are essentially just like the projects thought participate in the HACKATHON as Adam mentioned as well. Like, you know, once you know, the tracks are finalized.
Gloria Lee:  You can organize it here on the left and then you know, we help and we help build out this entire like HACKATHON page for you guys and it just provides like some details and overview. And the thing is, you know, for our Hawk monsters, not like one, like set in stone standard, like whatever you guys like kind of want to see on your HACKATHON, like we just adjust it accordingly, like it's very customizable to what you guys think is best for you and you're a particular community. So the details definitely very from HACKATHON to HACKATHON prizes.
Gloria Lee:  The judges and criteria. So I know also Adam mentioned like inviting some judges and mentors and we think that's like a great idea and like well you know we can definitely try to provide some support like you know like for mentorships and judging because like we have a lot of you know, people in Dora Hawks that kind of have a good vetting process for a lot of projects. We definitely strongly encourage participation from like a cosh community because you guys are more. Well versed Obviously your guys' ecosystem than anyone else would be great to provide solid guidance to the developers who are hoping to contribute and then for workshops and office hours we also help facilitate this and give this like the structure. And we also provide you guys with our YouTube and Finance live streaming platform. So binance live. It actually, it has some decent traction. It has like maybe two to three K viewers,
Gloria Lee:  Um, who participate in that as well. And then this is just more TNC stuff. And then for submission guides, it's very simple to like create, you know, and submit your projects for a HACKATHON. On our platform, you just basically create an account, UM, and then create like your projects and then link the project to whatever HACKATHON your keen on participating in. And and yeah that's just the submission process there. So I know I come off as a little biased but I personal think personally think are platform is quite easy to use and yeah, like we are really keen on supporting you guys like even if you know, if you guys don't decide to
00:20:00
Adam Wozney: Yeah, for sure Gloria. So I have a couple questions but I'm I want to see if anyone in the community here has some questions for Gloria about the platform about the previous hackathons, they've run any kind of general questions for Gloria before I ask a couple of my own
Adam Wozney:  Cool. So I guess I'll kick it off, but I'm, if you guys have any feel free to raise your hand. Oh, go ahead. Nate.
oo o: Yeah. Hi Gloria. How different is your platform from Bitcoin?
Gloria Lee: Yeah, that's a good question. So I for our HACKATHON, we actually don't, you know, charge any upfront, like HACKATHON fees. And we also provide like a lot of hands-on support compared to like Bitcoin. And also, like Dev posts and things like that. We have a very international like team especially for you know our operational side. So we have literally everyone in like a different time zone and because our hawthorns are also like virtual and we have a huge like international community like we're able to address, you know, any question from any region in a very timely manner and so I think that is like definitely like competitive advantage, having like you know all of our resources and like readily available to both our partners and HACKATHON participants in.
Gloria Lee:  into our like, Zero costs of operating, you know, a HACKATHON.
oo o: Okay, thank you.
Gloria Lee: Yep.
Adam Wozney: Cool. Thanks. Nate. Any other questions for Gloria?
Adam Wozney:  All right. Yeah, that was actually kind of my question and I knew it but I wanted to confirm it and let everyone else know that this is a no-cost platform, which if you look at the budget we put together. I think we only had three K and when I was looking at some other platforms, they charge much more for using their platform. So that's a big win or a big advantage to using Dora Hacks. I'm very pro using Dora Hacks for this, but I'm definitely wanted to kind of throw it up to the community to see if there is any pushback feedback thoughts on potentially using door hacks as the HACKATHON platform for this.
Adam Wozney:  There was one question. I was going to ask Do, Oh, could you Actually, you know, it's something I haven't done. I was wondering if it's possible. Like, if you could maybe do a quick run-through of the creation of the HACKATHON in the pages, it's something that we just send you like an overview. Doc, and you guys input it all or is it kind of a self-service start here, add your information to the HACKATHON because like the archway page looks like it's a website in and of itself. So like how is that all created?
Gloria Lee: Yeah, that's a great question. So we have readily available like HACKATHON and guides for partners like yourself. I will drop the link here and I and then um, if you click on the guide it is like a step-by-step process. But it's very similar to like the developer. You know, I'm registration process. You just create to be you just create your organization on door hacks, like a typical registration.
Gloria Lee:  Way. And then you create like a hackathon as like through just one of our functions and then you like, Put down, you know, some details and It's okay that if you don't have all the details worked out, you know, you can like obviously edit, you know your page like until the hawks on launches. But yeah it pretty much you just sign up fill in the details and then for everything else like we help you know with the landing page promotion materials things like that. Like we got it all covered and we also support a lot on like the marketing side of things as well. Like obviously
Gloria Lee:  In what we understand from, you know, especially for like a virtual HACKATHON having strong promotional offers on both, you know, parties, making sure that we're reaching out to our vast like developer and partner community. And then from you guys as well to your specific audience and beyond is really helpful to bring in a lot of curious builders. And on Actually that reminds me since we are very close with a lot of cosmos ecosystems, If you guys like are keen on, you know, kind of email blasting people and the causeless community, or if you have particular Cosmos partners in mind that you guys want to potentially like, you know, Invite them to co-sponsor your hack on or, you know, contribute to the prize pool, more than that happy to do that for you guys. Like me can definitely intro you guys if you guys don't know each other yet but we do Have, you know, an extensive network of partners from
00:25:00
Gloria Lee:  Past hackathons and you know, our partners are obviously growing especially in the Cosmos Realm. We we love Cosmos so if we can be any resource for you guys in the networking, you know, way more than happy to do, so,
Adam Wozney: Cool. Yeah, that I think that'd be really useful as a good transition here in a second to roles for this HACKATHON help support roles Cool. Any any other questions for for, folks, for Gloria?
Adam Wozney:  No cool. Awesome. So that's Dora Hacks. Thank you Gloria for that. If you want to hang out in the rest of the call feel free where I think we're gonna jump into kind of our rough to do list items and role selection, or at least criteria for all how we're gonna select roles. It might be a little too, how love meets made, but feel free to stick around if you're interested in kind of how we're going to start talking about that. Cool Awesome. So let me share my screen again and we can kind of get into this. So similarly to folks that join the event working group call on the criteria and kind of framework for how we select individuals for these specific roles that are going to be needed as a part of this HACKATHON.
Adam Wozney:  I want us to kind of come together and figure out who should be kind of in these roles. I'm not expecting it to be decided. Right now, I think we can use the HACKATHON Discord channel as a place to kind of raise your hand and say, I think I would be good person for the marketing manager role or community manager, or the lead role. I'm very open to how we decide this and we don't have, This is all new. So there's really no kind of framework in decision-making for this. But um, I did want to kind of start pulling you guys and figuring out how we can decide on, who would be the the right people to kind of do these specific things. So, as a reminder, each of these rules will be paid roles. There is budget for this opportunity, you can see down here. Each of these roles actually have a dollar amount paid an AK for the support over the time period of the HACKATHON from preparation to execution to completion. So for the lead role, we have a 4,000
Adam Wozney:  SD paid an Akt over, you know, this three-month period.
Adam Wozney:  For the event manager role, the person kind of helping with the earth. I should actually change that to the HACKATHON Community Manager role. We have 3,000 over the course of three and a half months. And then the marketing manager, we have 3,000 Akt over three and a half months. So that's the reward structure for these rules. That will be run. I saw Mr. Luna actually said that, assuming that I would be the lead position. I'm very happy to do that. I feel like I would probably be the most equipped because I've managed online and virtual hackathons numerous times. But if there are people that are like, you know what, I want to be this, I'm totally open to it. I'm still gonna be involved in it. I'll still probably be helping lead the charge in many ways, but having someone that can kind of really help focus in on what we're doing, I think can make sense. I also think that if it were to be me then I wouldn't have to use that 4,000 in Akt for a thousand USD paid an Akt and we can use that for other opportunities we could use.
Adam Wozney:  That for another marketing manager or we could add that to the prize pool. We can kind of do whatever we want with it. We basically have a bucket of funds that are allocated, but that allocation could go towards something else. If it were me kind of leading it and I'm happy to do it. I actually think it would probably make the most sense, but I don't want to be the dictator here. I want to focus on this call and in the working group, to kind of like, say that makes sense. So, um, so yeah. So that's kind of what I'm thinking about right now. So, in terms of roles, I know when I created the proposal and github. There were a couple people. I think maybe Rodrigo you mentioned, you're interested in a role. I think maybe even George I can't remember who. But in the github proposal some people said, I think I could do this but I wanted to kind of figure out a way to kind of like filter that out and figure out who actually has the time the bandwidth. The skill set to manage these, these particular roles because they will be work, there's gonna be work involved but you know it is rewarded opportunity so it's cool.
Adam Wozney:  So yeah, I wanted to see if we could get General, Scott dictate. I wanted to see if we could get kind of a general thought about how we could go about in role selection. Any any quick thoughts on how anyone's thinking about that or how we could potentially approach the decision? Matrix for these particular roles
00:30:00
Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Hewitson: yeah, kind of similar to you had the events working group, the other day, you know, at some point you could say, Hey, you know, solicit, Applications for these roles, give out some guidelines or things you're looking for. Doesn't have to be Concrete in any way. But then, you know, kind of see what we get from that. That would be kind of how I see it.
Adam Wozney: Yeah, I think that makes sense. I'm gonna add this. I'm gonna create a note section here at the bottom Create application. Or roles and like a template, you're saying that people can fill out.
Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean, I don't want it to be too structured, but But yeah,…
Adam Wozney:  Yeah.
Scott Hewitson: but more more. So just like hey here like just an announcement saying Hey we are looking for this and this and this if you think you fit the bill, Tell us why, right?
Adam Wozney:  Yeah. simple questions, like Something simple. Yeah coming up was very something something super simple that it's just like a framework. Like I think I would fit well because I have previous experience and hackathons here and some links. Let me know if you have any questions. Something really, really simple. I think that makes sense and we can have people add that to the discord channel. Um, any other kind of criteria. So, like with the events proposal and people that would actually attend events. One other requirements is you have to be an insider Do we want to keep that as a criteria, I'm very pro that criteria. Just because insiders in vanguards, are, you know, the most engaged inside of the Akash community that the most understanding of Akash I would argue, do we want to keep that as a potential requirement for anyone that would pick up one of these roles?
Adam Wozney:  We can do thumbs up or thumbs down. If we want to open it up to community for emojis. If it's easier, it looks like a lot of thumbs up. I think that's probably going to be the consensus, so, Need to be an insider cool.
Adam Wozney:  Now the question comes to and this is similar to what we had with the events role with the, with the people attending events from the community is if there are two individuals, let's say they both want to be the marketing manager and they both have the skill set. They're both insiders, they both have the requirements. How do we decide on? Who should be selected with the event side? We were going by seniority and I have a list of when everyone's joined the community. I think that can be one filter, but I don't know if that should be the only like decision point like, Oh, you started a week before me? Like, How was that? Fair. Like, it can be tough. I said, It's gonna get a little messy trying to figure this out, but I think level seniority plays into it, are there any other criteria you think that we should include in kind of the community deciding that these individuals should be the kind of points of contact for those particular roles?
Adam Wozney:  Seniority, three activity. I agree with activity. And I can actually go into I use orbit. It's a community tool to see who's most engaged. It's a carpet for that.
Adam Wozney:  Review. Of seniority. Any any other seniority?
Adam Wozney:  Cool. I think honestly with activity levels levels seniority, they need to be an insider, they fill it an application, those are four kind of Filtering mechanisms and I think we can just start with those. Oh, and insider vote. Do you think that would make sense? Focus on this call to like maybe if we have two people they're just as active they are. They've been insiders for the same amount of time. They both have great kind of applications and then the final round would be like an insider insider vote. You think that makes sense? Let's do a thumbs up or thumbs down or hands up if you have any questions.
Adam Wozney:  Cool. Yeah I think inside our vote could be the final kind of leg and we might not even need to do it. These are all kind of points where it's like maybe we need this maybe we need this. Maybe we do this. We might just get one application for one role and it seems like a good fit and they're good to go. But I want to have kind of filters in place so we can kind of weedle down the the amount of people that want these particular things. So, Cool. I think that's the The final leg is an insider vote. Awesome.
00:35:00
Adam Wozney:  Um, all right. So that's kind of it for little. So my next steps for this is I'm gonna kind of draft up a very lightweight like application. Like, Here's the three things to kind of review. I'm gonna put that in the HACKATHON channel and then over the course of the next week or so we can have people put their comments thoughts. They're essentially their applications in that channel and we can review and then hopefully by the week after next we can have these roles kind of defined and then we can really start the process of building this thing out which leads to this part. So I know Gloria mentioned that she actually has some of these resources available and HACKATHON preparation. So if you do have any links to that Gloria, feel free to put them in the chat and I can, I can throw them in here. I've already added a link to how to create a HACKATHON that you sent over in this in this document and I'll share with these. Yeah, I'll share with everyone on this, call in the HACKATHON on Discord Channel.
Adam Wozney:  But there's really like four-step process for this. There's preparation, which you can see. It's gonna be the biggest part of this because there's a lot of stuff that we have to figure out. And I kind of broke it down between marketing assets and like, marketing and programming. I'm assuming it's gonna take about a month month and a half. Once we decide that this is when we want to start doing this stuff to figure out, but it could take a little less, it could take a little more, but I just wanted to have a general time frame in mind.
Adam Wozney:  Um, I'm kind of breaking it down into progress, who's gonna be the person doing it link to the documentation. So for example, this blog post announcement, this would be something that we put up on the Akash blog. So who's the person creating it and then here's a link to the documentation and from there that person can either make a pull request to add it to our website or whatever and then any other additional notes and then we can say progress for, when that needs to be kind of completed. The one thing actually missing is I'm looking at this is completion by so putting like a rough timeline. So we know which, and by So it'd be like, for example, blog posts need to be ready to go. Probably a week or two before the HACKATHON. So it'd be like hypothetical. I'll say May 15
Adam Wozney:  So that way, we can kind of track where things are at. So whenever we have like calls on the HACKATHON, as a community, we can be like, Oh, Adam is writing the blog post. We're about three weeks to when it's supposed to be completed how far along are you. And you're like, Oh, I'm about 50% of the way done so that way we can, everyone it's transparent where people know where it's coming along and how long until it should be completed. Um and then the link to the documentation. So it's all like reviewable by the community. And that's how I've kind of listed this stuff out. I don't want to go through each and every one of these to do items and the requirements but this is pretty high level like everything that would need to be accomplished and I think reviewing other previous HACKATHON kind of to-do list that maybe Gloria has provides we can add to this and kind of use this as a way to track how far along we are in the creation of the HACKATHON.
Adam Wozney: That's really all I had to cover. I think the next steps for this is I'm going to share this in the discord channel. The HACKATHON discord channel, and people can add review, put comments in, and then once we decide on, like, when we want to do this, we'll have a We'll have an actual date and that will because the next steps like an actual date in mind for when we want to launch this, because that will give us the time frame for when we start completing these individual tasks.
Adam Wozney:  Um, Cool and I see a question from Luna, have, we discussed having sponsorship sponsor talks in that week from technical, like, How are we leveraging and koch network to achieve lessons learned building on the decentralized cloud? How we achieved high availability on a cosh network etc, How to buy Akt introduction to a cost 2.0? So, are you saying Mr? Luna Luna. Are you saying like throughout the HACKATHON or in lead up having like, hackathons specific events to kind of give people some more education on Akash? Exactly. No. I but I do think it's a good idea.
Adam Wozney:  It's known that we want to do a HACKATHON. So I don't think it would be. I actually don't think that would be an issue, doing that type of activities and that'd probably be something that would be managed by one of the one of the roles like helping create a timeline for those specific events in lead, up to the beginning of the HACKATHON. So like we can just say Akash education. events and we probably want to do like, At least three to four, three to four of those so that would be like but exactly what you're saying. So I'm gonna say I'm just gonna copy and paste this right in here. Into the notes. These would be the kind of events we'd want to run. But I think that's a, I think that's actually a great idea. Any other any other things in terms of preparation? We should think about, or Things we need to consider.
00:40:00
Adam Wozney:  Gloria, go ahead.
Gloria Lee: Um, so I was just gonna say, I am more than happy to provide kind of like a step-by-step like Action item list for like our hawks on partners after you guys provide like the tentative timeline and the roles. And then What if you guys decide to use thorax as your platform, we can definitely connect our office team and the rest of our door hacks team to collaborate with the Pocs for like all the various roles and then work together to knock out like the line items and like a collaborative timeline that we establish with you guys.
Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. Yeah, that'd be awesome. Comment there. Cool. Yeah, I think that's definitely something. We'll want to add like this. I threw together over the past few days, just kind of thinking through previous hackathons I've done. And like, what are some of the preparation items we need to prepare for but um something to review that's a little more detailed that it can either add to this. Or we can just use, I think would be super helpful. And I think we should be able to figure out roles and timelines by the end of next week. But I think at that point, once we know the roles and the timelines then it's really going to be start executing on all these like to do items that we can include the documentation. You have Gloria, but I can send that stuff over to you as soon as we know it.
Gloria Lee: Yeah. But sounds good. I guess. Like, maybe like middle of next week. I can send over like Like a very tentative guide and then once everything's worked out by the end of next week, we could like get the ball rolling.
Adam Wozney: Cool, cool. So I think, let's just do a quick full because you guys are all in this. Call you guys all have You're all engaged in the HACKATHON and interested in getting involved in supporting it. Let's do a quick poll on, whether we use door, I'm I'm a yes, vote for using door hacks, It just makes sense Gloria. Join this call, She gave us an overview of what we're doing, how to use it when I've reviewed the platform, a handful of times. Like it, it looks like a great platform for this and compared to some of the tools I've used in the past. It looks very well developed and like, you know, like very detailed. So it looks like through this general poll, we're all kind of giving it thumbs up so we can call just kind of check that box that we're gonna use door hacks as our HACKATHON provider. Does that seem good to everyone?
Adam Wozney:  Cool, no issues. Excellent. Cool. Trust the dictator. Don't call me that Scott. I'm just the organizer. I'm the Sherpa. um, Okay, cool. So door hacks. It is awesome. So I think the next steps for this is, I'm going to work on what we discussed sharing in the HACKATHON discord channel. How folks, kind of a call to arms. Like Do you want to manage these roles and I'll kind of give a rundown of what these roles are. People can apply, they can we can all kind of review and give feedback and thoughts in the channel. And then if we need like, those additional filtering systems like a community vote, we have to figure out level of seniority, how engaged people are. I can kind of do that in the back end. Um, and then also but the timeline I think that'll be the next. The next thing once we know the roles it's gonna be locking in the timeline.
Adam Wozney:  And we can kind of do all this like ad hoc in the discord channel, I'm thinking I might start to do weekly HACKATHON working group calls, just to kind of get the ball rolling. Because if we don't do it weekly, things are gonna take a lot longer. Like, if we do it monthly, we're not going to do this HACKATHON until the end of the year. But if we do it weekly, I would think within the next month or so, we should have everything in working order and things. Starting to move along a little bit. Um, until we decide on the rules, like, confirmed. I'll be like the de facto lead for this, but I do want to open it up to individual community members to like, outvote me, or outrank me, or say, I've done this a million times. I'm happy to leave this effort, which I'm comfortable with, but until we lock that in, I'm happy to be the de facto person, the de facto lead, and then if it's decided that it's me, I'm fine with that as well.
Adam Wozney:  So, I think those are the, the good next steps for everything. Does anyone have any other thoughts concerns questions about the HACKATHON?
Gloria Lee: I just want to say thank you guys so much for voting us. I was like this is either gonna be very humbling moment for me or very excited way to start my weekend, but super keen on supporting you guys through this. I will leave my Telegram here, feel free to ping me with any questions.
00:45:00
Adam Wozney: Cool.
Gloria Lee: I know they happen to come up after a call but yeah, thank you guys and thanks Adam for allowing me to join.
Adam Wozney:  Cool. A hundred percent and cool. I'll actually end the call right now, then I think we're pretty much wrapped up, but I wanted to Ask quick. So Gloria, you're gonna be a consensus next week, correct.
Gloria Lee: That's correct.
Adam Wozney: Cool. I think I think I rsvp to your breakfast event. Because you're in a breakfast event.
Gloria Lee:  Great. That's right.
Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. So yeah, I'll plan on meeting you in the team face-to-face there and we can kind of talk about a few other HACKATHON things and I'll let folks in this call. Know if there's any kind of additional items that come up in our, in our first in person meeting
Gloria Lee:  Wow, that'll be great. We're also co-sponsoring polymers, IVC summit. I don't know if you guys have like the invite link spot and I'm gonna look through for about I'll pay you that as well. Adam. So
Adam Wozney: Cool. Yeah yeah I saw I saw that most of the folks that are joining from Overclock side are leaving Friday at some point, so there might be time in the morning to stop by there, but I'm not 100% sure. I think we're doing a lot of stuff throughout the week…
Gloria Lee: Yeah. Yeah.
Adam Wozney: but I'm but yeah, not 100%. We're making that.
Gloria Lee:  Oh God.
Adam Wozney: Cool, cool. All right guys. Well that's it. That's all I've got. It's a sunny day here in LA. So I think I'm gonna eat my lunch and go on a bike ride. Hope you guys don't mind. Cool. Alright guys,…
Gloria Lee: Already.
Adam Wozney: you guys have a great weekend. All right, thanks for joining.
Gloria Lee: just by
Rodrigo Rochin: The.
Adam Wozney: See you guys.
Meeting ended after 00:47:15 👋
