---
title: "Documentation SIG Meeting #1"
key: "sig-documentation-meeting-1"
date: 2023-01-18T18:30:00Z
contributors:
    - envy
    - Greg Osuri
    - Joao Luna
    - Scott Carruthers
    - Tyler Wright
---

# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- discuss docs.akash.network
- docs 2.0 working group?
- how to optimize docs
- creating guides

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, January 24, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://rccf7mccev5vmvdmjyn2hnc5udhro25ayfh5f4oltnmg7dow2ddq.arweave.net/iIRfsEIle1ZUbE4bo7RdoM8Xa6DBT9Lxy5tYb43W0Mc) 
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- envy
- Greg Osuri
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

### Key Friction Points

### Potential Solutions

### Updates

## Transcript

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Awesome. Well, I want to thank everybody for participating in this charter SIG docs meeting for me.

Tyler Wright:  Docs is such an important part of, you know, Akash and how we kind of grow users and how to get more people involved in, not only building, but using the network. So, this is a very, very important SIG in my mind. Really success for this SIG is, you know, to this point. Um, Scott from Overclock has really been leading the efforts around documentation, with some support from Andy and other members of the community as we continue to push into being more open source. It's very important for us to involve more members of the community and actually participating in developing documentation. Whether it be again specific guides, or how to use new features and tools Scott again has done a great job of testing and then creating the documentation. But it's his role continues to evolve and as we hope to have them focus on.

Tyler Wright:  number of Other Things, It's really important that we create a group of folks, you know, that meet monthly and then also have continued conversations via get and github and discord that are continuing to push forward the documentation to a point where Really the goal is that again if you're any sort of user that's trying to interact with the cost, there's a path for you to get on effectively and start testing things out.

Tyler Wright:  Anyone have any initial thoughts or questions about what I just said?

Joao Luna: Not from my side. I think it makes perfect sense.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Beautiful.

Scott Carruthers: I guess I just have one question on. The, the constraints of of this SIG.

Scott Carruthers: Is this? What, what are we constraining this SIG, too? So, would it this only be for documentation that lives at Docstatacos.network,â€¦

Tyler Wright: If?

Scott Carruthers: or When we talk about documentation, there could also obviously be like, video content and Other things and internal engineering notes, and things like that. So and maybe We don't know the answer to this initially in as a matter of discussion, but I'm just wondering what this sig is constrained to. Is it only docs Dot Akash.network.

Tyler Wright:  I in my mind and this is open for discussion amongst his group here and then continued meetings. Forward Doc Scott Kosh.network is a big deliverable that this SIG is going to be owning. Um, but there are other efforts, whether it be like video content as you just mentioned or other ways to get users, onboarded onto Akash, as well, as I think, we kind of talked in the past about this Scott where there's opportunities for For members of this group to get akash into other folks, documentation could be another path that we, that this SIG owns, you know. But but the main deliverable that this SIG is going to own is Docs.akash.network.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Right next.

Joao Luna: and for me to be clear that also includes technical documentation, On the side ofâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Joao Luna: how as developers we can direct with jakash network as well. So kind of a user documentation, as well as technical documentation.

Tyler Wright:  Yes.

Joao Luna: Okay. One note that I would like to to add is a the Kubernetes documentation, they do it quite well I've participated in the translation part of it. So they also have this great framework for like internationalization of other documentation the base is like the English one andâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  If?

Joao Luna: contributors start creating the pages in other languages. And It runs very well, I sent. A link to their github of the documentation. For reference and I just like to add that.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I think. again, as we continue to move forward within the SIG, there might be, there's certainly gonna be a number of deliverables um where people are going to be contributing to, you know, actually again, updating documentation but for these early meetings I this is a great use of time in my estimation of

Tyler Wright:  You know what kinds of documentation? Do we do? We think Make the most sense, what are other? What are other organizations doing? Well that we can learn from and optimize for our cash. So anything like that that you just mentioned would be is highly valuable.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright:  Cool. are all I know again that Scott has been doing has been doing a lion share of the documentation are either envy you or joao or you all like inclined to participate in actually developing documentation from Origin state.

Joao Luna: I've been developing, well, not documentation as in like guides, I've been developing some for a website that I'll be launching. Hopefully, Next month. And it's something that I want to do is to actively have new articles guides andâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Okay.

Joao Luna: blog posts. Gathering there. Usually I I used this course to do this but since like a month ago, I started moving my posts in a couple of articles from me andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: If you.

Joao Luna: my team to there, but it will be open for everyone as well too to contribute as a another place to to search for useful content to get things to work. On a cache, not like the straight stuff like having deployments. But more like not niche stuff but more. Let's say more technical and like,

Joao Luna: Out of the box stuff. I can read a couple of the ones that we already have. Which includes, well, the demo for the acaster from provider, a couple of integrations with Terra Grant. For instance, we have about document by teammate, which is integrating Akash and CLOUDFLARE. Using Terraform also Guide on how to use the new providers data source with integration with Prater as well as enabling monitoring andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: You.

Joao Luna: metrics on. Yeah, cash providers. So these are the kind of blog posts that that live there.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Excellent. No, no word.

Greg Osuri: Guys. Good morning. Son with

Joao Luna: Good morning.

Tyler Wright: Good morning. Um, how about you envy?

envy: Yeah, I've been building out a few guides so far. I've had one just a little bit from the end user perspective just because I don't have a provider machine up yet, and I don't really work with chain states. So kind of a limited Skill set right now and what I can work with but working to get that up to be able to try and flush out a little bit more from the from the provider perspective.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. Um okay This actually is a good transition. Now that Greg is here again, previously to us moving more towards this open source model, especially around the documentation. We've been using Get Book to manage, the documentation docs data, cash that network. The goal is obviously to move it to get hub so that it's more open. So the more folks like yourselves can interact and update that documentation. So that is a major like task that this SIG will be owning and will be kind of monitoring that project as we move forward that transition. So that, again, it's easier for you all to make updates. So, that's one thing that will take away from this meeting. And I'll continue to update you all on what that status is so that you all can. Again see what's out there and contribute when it's available.

Greg Osuri: that said who here has expertise with Hugo.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I was mentioned that I was saying, I sent a link to the website of Kubernetes and they use Hugo, As I said, I used the to translate for them, some documentation. And I think it works great. So not really hands-on experience on setting it up, but

Greg Osuri:  Yeah, I know that.

Greg Osuri:  You yeah, I know communities. You we're Yeah, one of the reasons we are using Hugo is, is we noticed Kubernetes and pretty much every open source project is Hugo. so, I want

Greg Osuri:  Some help, basically. I built the Hugo website for Akash. During Christmas, but I had downtime. But now it's just my calendars being just squashed

Greg Osuri: The real help I need is. Migrating.

Greg Osuri:  the getbook, because Quite a lot of like custom bindings for some reason and they've increasingly moving away from developer focus to enterprise focus. So in that vein, I believe there are there introducing You know, elements that are very closed, right? So,

00:10:00

Greg Osuri: I don't like a gigantic script to move the docs. You know, to modify every element I had to go sometimes, go modify the Like image tags inside the markdown files. It's a it's A It's extremely, you know? A difficult thing to do to move the structure, right? Get book structure onto. Our docs. So what I propose is you know that the Internet problems right over documentation. Big problem is just lack of searchability. Right. So This is very apparent when I was at hackathons, when I was just trying to install, like guide people on installing a command line, I would Google install our Cox CLI and I would get like two, three different options, right?

Greg Osuri:  None, you know. So none of them are actually like Working really well. It's not smooth. So there needs to be completely restructure. Of documentation.

Greg Osuri:  And, you know, and that number one, addresses like SEO concerns. And number two, You know, just like the Florida documentation, like the introduction is completely broken. You know, I don't really, I mean it doesn't really speak fully about what a character does from from. Boeing, right? Like after a cushion network,

Greg Osuri:  I don't know what this gonna go to like, just lots of like Elements. Like we go to, like, The front page is Use desktop going and has like four different stars on it. Like, I don't know what those stars are. A lot of things are broken. I think that

Greg Osuri:  the best way to do it is just to break down, rebuild it from scratch, you know? There's a lot of information here for some reason, it's just not. You know.

Greg Osuri:  Talking to to the user.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think it makes sense. I understand seeing, like, great examples of, of documentation out there I think we, we can Inspire on them.

Greg Osuri: yeah, I don't know how to organize this effort because this is quite a lot of like somebody just need to go in and like just, you know, proposing structure kind of thing. Right. And like, when I try to import to to The new side, this so much in here. I'm like, I don't Like it's not needed to import all of them. There's so much like extra stuff that needs to be dropped. The start even being rendered. So I went with like somebody file which you know, which is Essentially the menu that is published so I imported only stuff that is listening summary. That is like quite a lot, you know,

Joao Luna: Yeah. Well If you want, I can start by by making the proposal on on the Github and start drafting. I have some of my team as well, give some input publish on the On the Discord channel, for the Seeing Dogs and just have people starting to contribute. I think it's easy an easy entry point for, for people that are looking into to contribute, but don't have quite the technical skills. I mean, setting up documentation is something that Can help understanding the product as well.

Greg Osuri: Yeah, I think I mean before that I think like we need just how Akash works, right?

Greg Osuri:  The architecture of Akashi believe there was a project. Adam Bosnich commissioned. To one of the contracts that used to work fresh. There's very contractor tie.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, Ari. I know. Yeah.

Greg Osuri:  Can we bring that into? Like I don't know where the project is but can we get access to that, but I think that's like it gives you he started working on like a very good thorough, sort of like How does a car work? You know? What a different components. To it. What are you know like even as a developer I want to start like building on a crushed things that's just Zero like information, you know?

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Yeah,â€¦

Greg Osuri: With water is interact with withâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I'll add

00:15:00

Greg Osuri: what components? Right. Where is the provided services interacting with the blockchain all that stuff?

Joao Luna: Yeah, I I had that experience now,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Joao Luna: as I'm working on the TLS distribution at the POD level, I had to figure out quite a lot of details around the hostname operator, the provider operator, and how they interact as well. With the types defined on the Akash node which tech has no.

Greg Osuri: Yeah.

Joao Luna: Distillery dependency for the provider services to some extent, because I guess the network does some validation on the scheme. You send them because it has to like, respect this type at this for the age. Yeah, for the manifest. And the other providers can add new fields without also changing the note. So yeah, that's that's something that should well, it's important to be documented. So people know that there's this step as well.

Greg Osuri: Yeah.

Joao Luna:  So like the the node itself, has some information around your the manifest before you send them to the provider and perform some kind of validation.

Greg Osuri:  Yeah.

Joao Luna:  And stuff like that.

Greg Osuri:  Absolutely. Yeah, that's just my inputs. That's what I feel.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, I think that's, that's the kind of input that we're looking for Joao. I do like like, the path for that, you have with like,

Tyler Wright: This being a low barrier of entry, I do agree with that wholeheartedly that people that don't know how to participate, but really believe in akash. This is definitely an easy way for folks to participate. So we're going to continue to have that as a call to action for people to join this SIG, but if you can have your team again, start to look at examples of projects that you like to documentation, and we can start to have that conversation more detail and discord and then start to map out if the plan of the plan of action is to start from the ground up, start to remap out and github. What the docs can look like. Then there's enough expertise with this group right here to kind of make some decisions and push it forward. And then as again as a SIG continues to develop, then we can continue to fine tune that documentation.

Greg Osuri: Ag.

Joao Luna: and I go to,

Tyler Wright: Okay. Um, so yeah, we can continue to track that in discord again. As Greg mentioned, obviously, the big action items are this migration from Getbook to Hugo, we kind of just talked about that. I'm going to bring in the documentation from Ari and put it in Github. After I talked to Adam, I do think there might be a couple of dated pieces of information because RA was doing this prior to provider services being broken out. So we might have to refactor some of that but I'll figure out where it stands and we'll

Tyler Wright: we're talking about this in engineering about how to, like optimize The documentation so that people can actually interact with. Like the go code andâ€¦

Greg Osuri: Right. So let's I mean I propose a doctor project andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: some other.

Greg Osuri: like start off and like putting some structure together. Our existing, right? So if Luna, if you want to take that, like, you know, I take that like, sort of like summarizing from your perspective, then we'll use that as starting point and will The workout out of there. It's a good time,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Tyler. Do you think we can create a working group for like talks to error? I feel like getting like a lot more often,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely.

Greg Osuri: right? All of us. But like contribute

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, that's a great. That's a great call.

Greg Osuri: and also, like, there is like,

Greg Osuri:  the getting started should be. I believe it should be more command line, right? That also means they need good command line, right? So there's an effort with your clients that I'm proposing to do it. A cash command line, as well.

Greg Osuri: like because we're going to have multiple UI, but your clients from now on console and cloud, Mars and like, Fleek. As a matter of fact, it's been on is also like, you know, getting up. A good command line should be a good entry point in the Web UI should be sort of like a complimentary any point,â€¦

Joao Luna: What do you think?

Greg Osuri: right? so getting started will come to documentation side and have a really, really like You know.

Greg Osuri:  Easier to get started. So there's a lot of configuration automation. There's a lot of like Like, things we need to do to build a new command line. So, I would even like start off the docs to ladder with. Like How do I want the develop experience to look like, right? just to give an example like this weekend, like I was at a HACKATHON for for AI workloads, right? So AI is interesting because they don't really know or care about crypto as much as we do. For them. It's just about getting getting work done and you know, we ended up sponsoring the HACKATHON and, you know, part of that was like you how to use a costume with the prices.

00:20:00

Greg Osuri: So how to go introduce Akash to every team and show them how to use it? It's just so embarrassing to even understand like walk them through the workflow of like Oh yeah you got to go get this tokens an exchangeâ€¦

Joao Luna:  If?

Greg Osuri: but you know I'll send it to you if you don't have some you know if you get the tokens you're like hey you had to go like figure out this deal file to like, download this class. It was just holy s***. Like the steps it took to get a simple workload, like a hello role right up and running in a HACKATHON. Really tells you How much an effort because I had to go talk to about. About 400 people there, right? So go talk to like Like, at least, like 30 teams in 13 hours and standing and talking to each team, it was just very, very exhausting, trust me.

Joao Luna: It.

Greg Osuri:  You need a significantly simplify that process if you were to get any sort of option for a class hour, right? So And there is like an element of like, hey install a command line, the documentation should be.

Greg Osuri: like, Like a documentation and they should be guides to complement the documentation, so our documentation somewhere in between guides and documentation, right? So we have documentation for like CLI booster to make like, Feel I usage Akash that should not be part of the documentation. There should be part of like a guide,â€¦

Joao Luna: You.

Greg Osuri: right? Doc should be straightforward how to use a cash commander set.

Greg Osuri: you know, elements like that where we are struggling is we're like, Halfway between a guide and documentation. We're not really either way, right? So if I need to have a reference I can't find a reference if I'm like broke right?

Joao Luna: It. One thing,â€¦

Greg Osuri: Like so,

Joao Luna: one thing that I see straight away from the Akash documentation is that for like the first guy that first thing you have to run is a couple of like let's say pages, right? So you have one, two, three, four, five. And one thing that we should strive for on the $2.0 is something I like a quick start which is a one page like almost fits the screenâ€¦

Greg Osuri:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: where you can get up and running with a with an environment and able to deploy a

Joao Luna: Like a workload like for instance an NGINX server that says Hello World or shows something I guess like we should strive for that. Like one click, you get one deployment almost instantly maybe strive for two,â€¦

Greg Osuri: Oh yeah.

Joao Luna: where one is set up the environment where you set up all the environment variables, and explain a little bit. And then, a quick start where you have like the environment setup and you just deploy you create a deployment you beat you, you check the beats, you create the list, and then you close the, you send the manifest, and then you close the department, like something like this.

Greg Osuri: Absolutely. Like I'm a big fan of like getting started as quick as possible like cricket. Any of my libraries on my github, You are lives a classic example. Your life is used by. You know, like lots of command lines, including like Hashcore nomad whatnot, right? But if you look at my above the fall, I call it read me about the fold. The first thing you see, is four lines on how to get started, and you can just copy paste these lines in your code in your work. Right. Like the getting started should be copy pasteable, get it, you know. Like if you have to like download a configuration and from the Internet correlate orâ€¦

Joao Luna: Hmm.

Greg Osuri: w, get it into it but I aim to get you deploy on a class with like one to two minutes. From getting started.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, but then there's a problem that inherent to the new version to the new to do the current version of the CLI which is all that bidding stuff and marketplace.

Greg Osuri: And you. Sorry. There needs to be completely re-haul of CLI. I don't think we can achieve like a two minute get started.

Joao Luna:  Okay. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: without a new CLI, it's just Because a big problem is here. I number one is. Configuration and get two big problems. Getting tokens are configuration.

Greg Osuri: you know, I mean,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: Like Download CLI. Now you got to set all this environment variables like What's your wallet where it's stored and like which APC survey you talk to You know that experience like in a HACKATHON is just a holy s***. It's like I don't and nobody no one has any idea what these configuration variables are? Right. It's like me walking to like a software web to and be like Hey you should tune your like garbage collection parameters in your Java virtual machine before you can get started. Like what a job garbage character, right? You know,

Greg Osuri:  I think that like default configuration or one line configure, one line to configure, one line to get you tokens and third step to, like, deploy. That should be the folk that should be like the Way to go. Yeah.

00:25:00

Joao Luna:  Yeah. yeah, I guess this is kind of another SIG but like, at least for me, it should look like something with like a two layers where you have some high level CLI where you just do operation like create destroy redeploy, whatever which I like higher level workflows, or interact with a cache and then the low level for people that want to

Joao Luna: To have the low level experience of checking, the bids, checking the provider attributes, choosing sending the manifest they have, they want to have this control, then it's like can be the same CLI but a subset of commands that have a whole new workflow. I get this. I'm biased of course, but I get this from like the terraform provider. I use it because I, I haven't cared about bids and sending manifests creating this for a long time. I just create my script, I use. Now the the new, the new provider of greater, I just say the region, I want the architecture. I want or some attributes in. Yeah, it's I getâ€¦

Greg Osuri: Yeah.

Joao Luna: what I want. Basically, I just create a care about creating destroying and that's pretty much it andâ€¦

Greg Osuri:  Yeah, right.

Joao Luna: I guess that the users can benefit from from that, as well.

Greg Osuri:  That should be the pattern that should be like. Like the very go like acid Web Dev or someone using a car, I shouldn't care about.

Greg Osuri: You know, a lot of parameters, I just need to deploy my app and like I built an app. I want to see it live. If I want to go further about fine tuningâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Greg Osuri: where I want to know and I would deploy with a reasonable expectation of cost. Like if you're telling me like Akash cost 80% cheaper, You know. For deployment Web workload, which cost me 10 bucks a month is gonna cost me like two bucks. I'm not going to care too much about Difference between tubulars and three dollars. I mean youâ€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: just just it's not like an area if I'm deploying like large workloads and more often than not like I'm not going to spend $100. Or anything decently expensive on Trial 1, you know? So, on trial one. I need we need to capture the user immediately, right? Deliver the value immediately, they're in kidney, they need to know. Once the value is delivered, then you can you then you can expect the user to go dig in more, right? nobody is going to like,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: If you fail on the first step, you're most likely going to not, you know, succeed in the next step, right? Where we're feeling the first like step. and andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Mmm.

Greg Osuri: it's just like 90% of the people that look at Akash, I mean, at least on the HACKATHON, just fail the first step, you know. If you can fix that, we can get the user and that requires obviously command line and as well as documentation working together, right? Right on.

Joao Luna: You.

Greg Osuri: It's very, very disconnected. Like

Greg Osuri: And I'm even I was even surprised to find out that Akash CLI was completely gone, right? Like recently with provider services, And the documentation had no idea, right? So there's so much Responsation That needs to be fixed.

Joao Luna: but,

Greg Osuri: Huge. Yeah.

Greg Osuri:  and we can just keep changing the command line when we want without sort of like, you know, having any sort of like,

Greg Osuri: You know. Empathy towards the user, right? Like

Joao Luna: Yeah, we are offering that interface,â€¦

Greg Osuri:  yeah.

Joao Luna: we can just break. I I had a couple of changes to make when because the telephone provider is a wrapper around the CLI sadly andâ€¦

Greg Osuri:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: something to be fixed soon. But yeah, when when the CLI changed it broke some stuff but

Greg Osuri: Server changing, It's what we surprising, you know, like with a surprise.

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Greg Osuri: I don't like, I like two three. like like, you know, I totally like agree with you where I don't go modify stuff, right? I have a cla wrapper called Eva Road or just messing around you know sometimes sometime back to deployment websites and whatnot and a car sale. I was like hard to use. So I wrote my own rapper.

Greg Osuri: And the rapper obviously broke. And I haven't even fixed it by now. You know? So our ecosystem pages, like are not updateable because of apple broke, right? So anyway, this on six lines you are not present Luna but we also wanted to do like A really good native goal client. You know? that you can plug into instead of wrapping around the CLI, okay, youâ€¦

00:30:00

Joao Luna: Exactly. Yeah.

Greg Osuri: working on itâ€¦

Greg Osuri: but haven't really put

Joao Luna: I, I watched that I watched the recording later andâ€¦

Joao Luna: also left my thoughts that I think you read it.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, I think we are on sync on that.

Greg Osuri:  awesome. Lot of collaborate with you, at least on the say clients, maybe we should create working group. First, IT clients as well to get the

Joao Luna: I think there is one already.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, there's a working group client.

Greg Osuri:  okay.

Tyler Wright: Libraries, when do you all meet for that? Luna Or.

Joao Luna:  I don't know. Yeah. Will there be meetings for each working group?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, there will, I'll follow up with you offline. I know that you all, you all were meeting like, async with bars. I didn't know if there was any formal structure,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Yeah. Okay.

Tyler Wright: but we'll figure that out. oh,

Tyler Wright: Cool. I

Scott Carruthers: Are those who are those working groups? Very targeted. So there's like a specific go client. Working group, and there would be a JavaScript. Working group. Or.

Tyler Wright: That's a right now.

Joao Luna: Currently, I think it's one for every

Tyler Wright: All of our life.

Scott Carruthers: That's one working group for all languages. Okay. Yes.

Joao Luna: Yeah, because we are still aligning with the the specification. There's some concerns on on the other handling and stuff like that that might even wanted to work on we. Hopefully you can close that soon and start working. And we also doing in parallel some some pocs of clients but currently only Java because it's what we'll be using for some of our services. But the Can you repeat, sorry?

Greg Osuri: Only you.

Scott Carruthers:  Okay.

Greg Osuri:  What are you using Java for?

Joao Luna:  So we have like a for instance. Now we have a cache that integrates with operator Physically a service for caching, but we are planning on some some services.

Joao Luna: That we'll use the. Java Client Library. One of them is for to address some concerns. We have regarding the stability of the network,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: If you.

Joao Luna: we want our workflows to be always up. Now, with the cash operator, we needed to, to be always up. So we want to automate the process, have kind like and

Joao Luna:  Like a inside of a Kubernetes operator, let's say, in a cache operator, that that sees that the workload died and creates it again, kind of

Joao Luna:  Work clothes. Yeah, it's still on on the plans and we're organized.

Greg Osuri: They go, you guys. I gotta drop a high doctors and eight o'clock. I gotta go. But look at meeting really good opening Scott, if you want to post the notes on Github will create

Scott Carruthers: Okay, sounds good. Yeah, I'll work with our in that.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you.

Greg Osuri: Perfect. Thanks guys.

Joao Luna: I thank you.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um, Yeah, I know that Greg has had some thoughts about the documentation, you know, from his developer experience. So it's always good to hear his perspective on how the best way to move forward from his from his perspective. Does anyone else here have any other? I know we have like a couple game plans moving forward. Does anyone else have any thoughts on? Ways to Optimize Documentation Any other thoughts. As we like start to kick off this first meeting Or kick off the cigarette.

Scott Carruthers: So before leaving it just for some housekeeping and tower Greg just asked me to post those notes on Github. Is that All right, I assume that's something that you would be doing. Okay. I don't have any other any other thoughts.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Yeah I'll do that. No problem. Yeah. Oh

Scott Carruthers: I so Luna. This is something that I'll definitely keep you in the loop on overtime and I'm actually wondering if your team is working on anything somewhere, but There's also a matter of developer documentation, right? Which we have very little of right now. And so Tyler. And Greg earlier in the call mentioned Some developer documentation that Former. Overclock engineer of a worked on. And when I got into that documentation months ago, I was actually expecting to find

Scott Carruthers: You know, some near code level documentation, and it was more like functional components, which is good and needed. And we talked about bring that into a necessary, add into the documentation site, right? So how Functional components work together and both the node and they provide a services repositories. But I've also been working on some documentation from allowing developers as we radically open source,â€¦

Joao Luna: It.

Scott Carruthers: the the project To allow a developer to very quickly be able to come in to understand the akash code base. So I mean like at the level of understanding if he took an example like a deployment creation like very quickly allowing a developer to go through the

00:35:00

Scott Carruthers: The code base directory, structure of the end of finding protoba files and those spawning how to handlers and and keepers to write data to the to the Blockchain.

Joao Luna: You.

Scott Carruthers: So I've been writing some documentation.

Scott Carruthers: Find any of that and and they prior documentation that Avi had created but as we review, that would be interesting to see if there's any of that. And and also, if your team is working on any of that or if not, as I write out that documentation on the plane, keep you in the loop for your thoughts as well.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah. From from our side we are not actively working on any documentation of that kind although I'm like documenting the process of the features that I'm developing in. and help for how to hopefully make it easier for the team for other contributors to To start on, start working. And start understanding where they, where each, where the pieces come together. I guess I can easily make that public as well.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, yeah, I understand most your documentation is around. They the features that you're introducing and so yeah it'll be easier to have this conversation when I share out some of this. I'm going to go through a internal engineering review of the documentation that I've been writing and on the the directions and how we want that to look. But yeah I'll definitely include you on that as we move forward.

Tyler Wright: Cool, I do have a question for joao and envy is there any discomfort if In addition to documentation. So Greg kind of alluded to it. We've thought about this idea of like having documentation, that's very kind of structured andâ€¦

Joao Luna: If?

Tyler Wright: formal but also having these guides that maybe could be for a different kind of user. I know that you all both talk. You both of you have talked about creating these guides, would there be a discomfort if they were aggregated on the Akash.network site and they can live other places as well. But I, I do have and desire to try to centralize as much information on the Cash.network. Website as possible. Is there any initial thoughts on especially? If you all are cited individually as authors and creators? Is there any Issue with that in your mind.

Joao Luna: From my side, there's really no issue. So and I think I have

Joao Luna: so the only the only thing here is for likeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: It.

Joao Luna: until the launch and just really know Well, I'd prefer not to to have the articles but published it's just a matter of. Well I'll be lunching them, it would be weird to have them launched before but apart from that, I think they are easily usable. They are basically a github repo on the organization on Github. And yeah, I from my side, I just surrendered them on on my website, they are marked on files. So, feel free to use it either by copying or directly accessing it and just rendering on your site. Or on their cache site. So from me really no problem.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Okay. Envy, how about you any initial? Issues with that. If that were to be something we move forward with,

envy: Nope, no problems. I've pretty much the same workflow. I just build in Hugo for my personal site and anyone can use any of the info. So not a problem.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah you all will control the cadence and when they would go out but again and we I'm happy to link to your To whatever. You're, you know, the site is, but, you know, again, very much look at their cash network, it's like a public product. It's not overclocked, it's, it's just an open source product, and I just want to use it as an aggregator. So that when people are trying to access information about Akash, They can go from there where they want but at least it lives in one centralized place. This makes me feel better.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Yeah. No, it makes sense. It's beneficial for all as well.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, exactly. Okay. Um, I added a link to the meetings, I will update the meeting notes with some of the action items as well as like the transcription and the recording.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright:  I will contact this group via discord about the Working Group for Docs 2.0, and see if any one here or otherwise wants to participate are both of you in that the six Doc Channel.

Joao Luna: I think so.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Envy you you have no problem like accessing the the channels on discord. Okay, excellent.

envy: Yeah, no problem.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any other questions or comments, or thoughts, as we like kick this sig off?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right. Well again what we'll look to do is um, you know, we try one we'll try not to have meetings that are shorter than 30 minutes because I'm sure we can figure out enough stuff to do. But again long, you know, we'll have the hour block and if we don't need it, we won't use it. So I appreciate all of your time today. Please feel free to like continue conversations and discord. I'll update the notes and put them in discord for easy access. But I'll also put the action items that we can just talk about anything. I may need to be adjusted, but all of you all should have access to GitHub if you want to make PRS and changes as well.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Well, again, much appreciate you all for coming and we'll talk about this more.

Scott Carruthers: This.

Tyler Wright: Again, some folks will be added to this group and will be participated by appreciate you all being here for the charter. Thank you all. Have a good day. Course.

Joao Luna: Thank you. Che.

Meeting ended after 00:41:56 ðŸ‘‹
