
# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Discuss [documentation structure spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-documentation/documentation-structure.md) from Joao Luna 
- Hugo Set up discussion.
- New Documentation discussion. Participants can ask questions about recently added documentation, or suggest new documentation to be added to [docs site](https://docs.akash.network/) 
- Review of [documentation structure spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-documentation/documentation-structure.md) from Joao Luna
- Q and A

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, March 28, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: ***Coming Soon***
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

## Notes

### Key Friction Points

- **Navigation of the documentation**: Robert Del Rey asks how easily accessible some of the information (e.g. roadmap and tokenomics) is through the documentation. Tyler Wright and Benjamin B adds that the roadmap and tokenomics are not easily accessible through the documentation.
- **RPC node not working**: Joao Luna sends a message and asks if anything happened to the RPC node `https://akash.c29r3.xyz/rpc`.

### Potential Solutions

- **Navigation of the documentation**: Tyler Wright mentions that guiding them to the SIGs can be a good way for users to know how the progress is like. Tyler Wright also says that some efforts have been made in regard to adding the hard-to-find examples to the new open-source website. Scott Carruthers adds to this mentioning that curating the documentation to different types of users will help users to navigate.

### Action Items
- **Last chance of altering structure specification**: Make your voice heard regarding whether or not you agree with the [documentation structure spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-documentation/documentation-structure.md) in Discord or in one of these monthly meetings.
- **Someone is still needed who can help migrate the documentation**: Find someone who will transform the documentation articles from Gitbook to Hugo. A bounty may be created with funds from the community pool or from Overclock Labs.
- **RPC node not working**: Scott Carruthers to investigate why the error regarding HTTP responses being returned instead of HTTPS on `https://akash.c29r3.xyz/rpc`.
- **Discuss Hugo <> documentation specification**: For next meeting: discuss if we can move forward with [Joao Lunas specification]((https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-documentation/documentation-structure.md)) with Gitbook if nobody has been found for the Gitbook -> Hugo migration.
- **Contributing and collaborating on creating guides**: Denis Lelic mentions that people who are interested in creating video guides should reach out and write in the #sig-docs channel on [Discord](https://discord.akash.network/).


### Updates
- **New documentation articles**: Scott Carruthers mentions that a [documentation article](https://docs.akash.network/providers/akash-provider-troubleshooting/force-new-replicaset-workaround) has been created for the case when tenants are trying to update a deployment and it does not work due to deployments starting before the old one is closed at the same time as the resources on the provider are too low for both of the deployments. Scott Carruthers also links [this document](https://docs.akash.network/guides/deploy) on using Akash Console.
- **Making Akash easier to contribute to**: Tyler Wright mentions that high-level abstraction is being worked on to lower the barrier of entry on working on the core of Akash with the goal of increasing the amount of contributions to it.


# **Transcript**
