# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 25, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://uufzzfzfy24kacwhpw5bcqsivzc3vul7awuzk7hn6y4a2gnbrola.arweave.net/pQuclyXGuKAKx326EUJIrkW60X8FqZV87fY4DRmhi5Y)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Benjamin B
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

 - **Docs 2.0 migration progress [86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)**: Tyler Wright mentioned that a demo should be available in around two weeks.
 - **New documentation**: Benjamin mentioned that he is working on documentation related to automation. Scott Carruthers mentions that documentation related to testnets, such as the [GPU documentation for providers](https://docs.akash.network/other-resources/experimental/testnet/provider-build-with-gpu), has been released.
 - **Akash Console documentation**: a repository is now available for console under [akash-network/console](https://github.com/akash-network/console), and another documentation related to it can be found on these two links: [akash-network/docs](https://github.com/akash-network/docs) and [Akash Console documentation](https://docs.akash.network/guides/deploy).

### Action Items

 - **New documentation**: if you have any documentation that you want to create, you can get involved in the [sig-docs Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752266991456278) by asking whether or not a document is created or should be created.
 - **Akash Console documentation**: Tyler Wright mentions that documentation related to Akash Console is needed. If you feel like you can help with this, write in the [akash-console Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1053359341144653957) on Discord.
 - **For next meeting**: we should have a larger meeting related to the progress of Docs 2.0, where participants can share feedback related to structure and design direction.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right. Well, welcome to SIG documentation monthly meeting number four. In this meeting. This meeting should be fairly quick between this between monthly meeting number three, and this meeting. Luna and his team at and his team had been working on docs 2.0. Docs 2.0, can be tracked,

Tyler Wright:  With issue number 86 inside, the support repo. Um, you can track the development and see where things are. If anybody that wants to contribute to SIG, documentation has any thoughts or any feedback on where docs 2.0 is right now, you more than welcome to again, comment, on that issue. Number 86 inside, the support repo. But again, since last month in meeting, there have been a number of working sessions, Luna joined SIG Design, where he got feedback from participants in the SIG design, about design direction of docs 2.0. And there's been a number of improvements made out of SIG design. And then there was a working Group Docs 2.0 session that happened last week. That Scott participated in which is focus on the structure of the docs 2.0.

Tyler Wright:  So less about design and more about how things are laid out in the page. The structure related to the spec that was outlined in the first two monthly meetings. So where we are right now is added those working group sessions, Luna and his team are continuing to develop docs 2.0. They were about halfway through the migration process of migrating, from get book to Hugo and so they're continuing on with that process as well as again, optimizing some of the design elements and some of the structure elements. Given US feedback from Scott, SIG design and others. So really they said they need about two more weeks and so we'll look to have a demo with them when

Tyler Wright:  When Documentation 2.0 is ready at the next monthly meeting number five, will probably have a larger demo where they can showcase the work that they've been doing to a larger audience besides just like a number of the key stakeholders that have been involved in the process. And then from there, we'll look to have a build a strategy around how we can present to the steering committee and move docs 2.0 into action on the current website and beyond So that's the action items as we move forward. As it relates to docs 2.0. Again, if anybody has any questions comments, please feel free to get involved in discord where you can track progress and conversations related to doctors 2.0, as well as again. Issue number 86 and support repo which has a number of pieces of information. Comments etc. Related to docs 2.0.

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone have any questions that or comments or did I leave anything else Scott that you want to mention about Doc's 2.0?

Scott Carruthers: No based on prior meetings and some async conversation. I think you summarized everything. And yeah, I think that's a current status. Nothing else that

Tyler Wright: Perfect. All right. Moving on from Docs 2.0. We during the SIG documentation meeting, we always want to give folks, and participants opportunity to

Tyler Wright:  Suggest any documentation they think needs to be added Scott also talks about any new documentation that has been created in the last couple of weeks. So I guess we'll start with. Does anyone here have any documentation that they would like to be added again? You can also take discord between meetings as another opportunity to highlight any documentation that might need to be how that go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I just want to briefly mention here about the I'm planning to create documentation related to automation. I already have some scripts made that would work for email which I've used in my latest project and I believe that these things will be available to have on cars. They're not ready yet but

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Thank you for calling that up. Um, cool. Scott, do you want to highlight any new documentation that might have come out or been revised in the last month or so that is worth sharing?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah so really though only documentation is around the test not so and right now a majority of it is under experimentation and for the provider builds. So there'll be more to come on that once Council and Cloudmos are ready to support testing at. I'll add deployment documentation shortly as well, but off the top of my head that's the only new documentation that I can think of is surrounding test. Not

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: Mute Tower.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm gonna throw that in the chat so um perfectly I think Benjamin's already got it up on screen.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Now you're perfect. Yeah, you're doing a great job. Yes. So that's the most recent documentation. Again, There's some folks that have already used that documentation successfully and have set up providers. We're trying to get more folks to use that documentation. And then again, if there's any feedback on ways to optimize it, Are those in discord but that's a major call out. And something that we're focusing on time and energy on over the next couple of weeks is working group GPU testnet, which is again happening right now and documentation again is available in experimental state right now at the link that Benjamin will put in the notes.

Tyler Wright:  I think additionally we take some time out to talk about console and any documentation there. I know Scott has done a great job of like developing documentation at least one of documentation for console. Certainly they're We could use some contributions from folks in the community that may not understand the core product. The Cost Core product in detail. Quiet, it may not be able to support with a costnetwork, documentation core documentation, but may want to help with Console and just like, guys on how to

Tyler Wright:  You know, step by step, how to move through different pages how to experience different parts of the console. So again, if anybody has any desire to support documentation on console, please feel free to mention the console discord channel, or in the SIG documentation discord channel. Scott, you have anything you want to add about console documentation.

Scott Carruthers: no, not since the last Doc, it's like docs. We've so pretty. Steady state at. This point is new features are added to console. The documentation will be adjusted, but there hasn't been any real recent ads.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright:  Trying to think if there's anything else on the agenda that we want to call out right now again be new. This was kind of be a shorter meeting because again we've had multiple working sessions between monthly meetings but we want to keep these monthly meetings consistent so that folks that may not have been able to attend working group, sessions can get up to date and can ask any necessary questions if they have any Benjamin's got anybody have any questions related to documentation? Nor any feedback thoughts or anything worth sharing right now.

Scott Carruthers: Now, I think I think that's it for now.

Tyler Wright:  Cool, Benjamin you are right.

Benjamin B: No, I want to ask here, it's not related to that but related to Redoxine we're mentioning a bunch of things. Very, very fast in the beginning. And do I need to know these down or Or what's up with that? I mentioned this two week demo.

Tyler Wright: The perfect.

Benjamin B:  And I'm still writing this one.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm looking at right now. Yeah, I'm looking at your notes right now. Um,

Benjamin B:  I'm trying to finish these two as we speak. Administrate to find the correct channel.

Tyler Wright:  yeah.

Benjamin B:  I found one of them.

Tyler Wright:  I'll link you to the console documentation. The new documentation should just like Link to a perfect. Yes, should also link to discord. If anybody has any new documentation ideas, it should just always just like Hey um is there any documentation on You know, awesome Akash, you know, and if not again, somebody whether it's an insider vanguard or somebody from the community can point them to the documentation, if it exists, otherwise we can talk about whether or not it needs to be created and who can contribute to creating that documentation? So any any conversation related to new documentation, or improving Dick, improving existing documentation should happen inside Sig-docs discord channel.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Um, I think we can cut the key Friction Points and Potential Solutions section for right now because we're already in the implementation phase. Again, we have that spec that was a great upon by participants in the SIG, documentation in the first two monthly meetings, and now a monthly meeting number three, we're in implementation, phase for documentation now. And four, we're continuing that implementation. Phase Um, an action item that we can have.

Scott Carruthers: Guitar. Sorry andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Scott Carruthers: I actually had a bit of a urgency come up. It sounds like we're kind of just wrapping up and and capturing notes, if you don't need me for anything else, I'm gonna pop off to deal with a something that just came up. Okay, if you need anything additional,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Perfect. Yeah, thank you, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: just let me know. But yeah, I think we're also

Tyler Wright:  All right. Thank you Scott. Yeah. Bye-bye. Um, let me documentation that you want to create. Yep, this is perfect.

Tyler Wright:  I'll add the transcript. um,

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, maybe we can have it as an action item for the next meeting that will have a second demo. A larger demo at the next monthly meeting for Dr. 2.0 So we'll have another working group session, probably between monthly meetings but we'll certainly have a demo at the next SIG documentation that Luna and the query search team can share it to all. Sigdock participants.

Benjamin B: he said, Have a larger meeting related to vertex progress of those people thought, Oh, Andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Exactly, exactly.

Benjamin B: what was another thing?

Tyler Wright: Participants can share feedback. Related to structure and direction and design directions during that meeting.

Benjamin B:  Awesome.

Tyler Wright:  Cool.

Tyler Wright:  And this looks great. Um,

Benjamin B:  and the other one was,

Tyler Wright:  Frankly, I feel like the updates section and the notes might be the same. So maybe if you want, it's up to you. You might just move the notes into updates and then just cut the updates for now, you know, I think if we have like a lot going on, then it's good to separate them like where we could talk about updates in its own section, but being that the agenda was so short today, I think the notes we can just put it all in notes and then yeah.

Benjamin B:  Like this or doing removing action items as well.

Tyler Wright:  No, no, just like that. So we have no section. Then we have action items and then we have transcripts. I think that's perfect.

Benjamin B: You want both of these to be and this is a very minor thing. Do you want both of these to only have two?

Tyler Wright: No, no actually like that. The notes is hierarchy higher andâ€¦

Benjamin B:  All right.

Tyler Wright: then the action item is a slightly lower.

Benjamin B:  There was one thing related to constant documentation but also wrote it in actual language. I'm not sure if that was needed.

Tyler Wright:  Now, you're only thing I would say is for console documentation. Let's link them to

Tyler Wright:  the console. I'm going to put in the chat right now. Let's link them to the console discord. Um, Excuse me, the Github. I was thinking to the Gith Console so that they know where to find it and then again, I'm going to link them to the documentation section. Up.

Benjamin B: So, I will write. a repulsator is now available for all single presentation under

Benjamin B:  and the repository.

Benjamin B: Or set it.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, I'm looking for the documentation, right? Like a quick link to it.

Benjamin B:  oh, the first one was just relate to console as is the second one is related to documentation.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Exactly, exactly.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: This is the repo where all were all documentation can be found. and then,

Benjamin B: Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Right.

Tyler Wright:  There we go. And this link is where the Akash console documentation actually lives. Inside the guys, deploy.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright:  It looks clean.

Benjamin B: I will just change the formatting of this to include actual name.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. andâ€¦

Benjamin B:  I'm see.

Tyler Wright: instead of,

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, no, you're fine.

Tyler Wright:  Actually no no no. Um, is he a console documentation? You say at these two links you have one and two.

Tyler Wright: In the instead of the one and the two. Can you put? The one is linked to docs or akash docs repo? Yeah, perfect.

Benjamin B: Like this. and the second one, Aposh.

Tyler Wright: And then Just put console, just put console documentation. Perfect. And then I'll link to that Doc site. Yeah. Preview. Perfect. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. And those are small. But can you make the console? See, large capital.

Tyler Wright:  You're the man. Thank you.

Benjamin B:  There.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yes.

Benjamin B:  I think this is it. Otherwise. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: Actually, one more thing. Sorry, can you make it a cash console? Ah, just put like Akash and large letters before that console and the documentation. Oh, per yeah.

Benjamin B:  It's only one. Yes, a space.

Tyler Wright:  No dash. No dash it just space. Perfect. Yeah.

Benjamin B:  I'll do it down here as well.

Tyler Wright:  Yes, thank you. But this is this looks great. Thank you Ben

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think this is good now.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I'm just gonna wait for the transcript and the video recording to come in. I'm just gonna add those and then merge it.

Benjamin B:  Yeah, I'll sign off. Propose changes them.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, beautiful. Yes.

Benjamin B:  Awesome.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you very much.

Benjamin B:  Yeah, thanks for the

Tyler Wright: I'm gonna. Oh yeah, please. Sounds like you had a productive day, you had some school, then you just notes and now you're done for the day now,â€¦

Benjamin B: Hahaha, most really,â€¦

Tyler Wright: it's time to party.

Benjamin B: not really. I have more work to do as well.

Tyler Wright:  All right. Well, again, much appreciate your time. Let me know if you need anything on discord, you know, related to documentation other work that you're doing, just let me know if you need anything.

Benjamin B:  Yeah, thanks.

Tyler Wright: No. Thank you much. Appreciate you, Ben Alright,â€¦

Benjamin B:  See you Tyler. Bye.

Tyler Wright: we'll talk soon. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:19:19 ðŸ‘‹



