
# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86) prior to Demo happenning at Steering Committee meeting.
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Prep Luna for Steering Committee Demo of Docs 2.0.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available).

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, May 23, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

 - Tyler Wright talked about **Docs 2.0 migration progress [86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)**.
 - Luna gave a walk through of the demo that he is going to give to the Steering Committee and Community at the meeting on thursday.
 - Tyler, Denis, and Scott provided feedback on the walk through to make sure Luna was prepared for the Steering Committee.
 - Scott mentioned that the getting started should NOT go to the CLI, but should provide multiple paths for the user to deploy.
 - Most users DO NOT deploy via the CLI mentioned Scott.
 - 

### Action Items

- Talk on discord with Luna leading up to Demo on Thursday.
- Luna to do one more migration.
- Luna to add deploy section to the documentation. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right.

Tyler Wright:  Welcome to Sig-docs Monthly meeting number five, Special Interest group about documentation, covers everything related to documentation, including new documentation, existing documentation, updating at the need to be updated, support for documentation. So currently, and in the past it's very much been and effort headed up. And, you know, significantly done by Scott Carruthers, on the Overclock Labs team. UM, with the new Open Source framework, there's certainly a need and a desire for more contributors to create new documentation, to update, existing documentation, in support of some of the efforts that Scott has been leading over the last couple of years. So, again, if anybody wants to participate in creating new documentation, updating documentation, please reach out on Sig-docs Discord Channel.

Tyler Wright:  Norm to learn how you can contribute more. Additionally, this sig-docs has been overseeing a working groups around docs 2.0. There was a speck that was created out of this Sig-docs a couple of months ago and now Luna and his team have been leading efforts on docs 2.0. There's been a number of working group sessions that have been happening around. Docs 2.0 to fine-tune. Structure and design of asset or design of the documentation, including updated assets from Denis and mother members of the sync design team. Luna and his team are working towards a strategy of bringing Docs 2.0 into fruition and on the docs.accash.network website,

Tyler Wright:  They have been working on a migration and also, again, some design updates, along with other members of the community. There's some working group sessions where you can see and kind of track some of the updates that have been happening with Docs 2.0. At this point, the tax 2.0 is in a fair enough place that it is a ready to be shared with the steering committee. Um, and then again, talk about a strategy for implementation. During this Sig-docs meeting, it might be great for Luna to do one more pass through and get some final feedback from some members that are participating here today, as well. As some folks, that might be able to watch this video before Thursday, I'll make sure it goes up as quickly as possible.

Tyler Wright:  Scott. Did I leave anything out? And in terms of documentation, High level.

Scott Carruthers: No. Yeah, I think that summarizes everything. I don't have anything in addition.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. All right, so we could just jump right into. I know that Luna otherwise a working group session that happened yesterday, um, around docs 2.0, and Luna has some feedback that he took from that meeting. I know these workout implementing it before the steering committee meeting, but I think it might be good.

Tyler Wright:  Just to do one more pass through at a high level of like five to seven minute, presentation of docs 2.0. As if you're protesting it to steering committee and the community on Thursday and then we can give a little bit of feedback on the presentation as well as some things that might be needing of update. One thing I will call out is I did talk to Scott after the Working Group session yesterday about the getting started area. So after we get the presentation, we might want to come back to getting started area. Make sure that we're just on the same page for kind of what that experience can and should look like. Just without further ado, I'll pass off the Luna to get us going with the presentation of Docs 2.0.

Joao Luna: All right, thank you. I'll share my screen. To do. What is it?

Joao Luna:  So yeah, can you see my screen?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Joao Luna: I don't see. Okay. All right. So yeah, This is the the current implementation or the cash documentation to Dodo. You start with this landing page, which provides three different journeys that the user can take. when visiting the documentation, So users can be can come from like a perspective of deploying on a cache. These are traditional like users desired like the most the most common type of user that we receive. then, there's a different journey on becoming a provider, which

00:05:00

Joao Luna:  Which links to specific documentation regarding providers and how they work and how to, to start building a provider. On a cache either through helm writer or others technical other technologies. And then a journey for running a validator notes on the cash network. And this is the front page, a call to action. That can be more call to actions if you find it necessary, all the social links on the bottom, as well as on the top. And yeah, we can either click on each of these to go to specific and to start a specific journey or we can go to the documentation overview.

Joao Luna:  On the documentation overview, we get these three quick links, let's call it that way that which basically lists different resources on a specific team. So if we want the list of guys, we can quick. Kill quickly, Click here and get a list of all the documents that are tagged with the Guides tech category. If we are interested in the blockchain side of a cache network, we also have all the links to to documentation regarding BLOCKCHAIN or data tag with the blockchain tag. Same for architecture if we want to understand how it works.

Joao Luna:  From it from the inside. Also, a bunch of quick links to all the documentation. Sections or top level sections available. Right, right off. By default. You get a bunch of default.

Joao Luna:  Options for for this. So you can basically print entire sections create an issue directly on the projects create a documentation issue creating a child page. So these are quick links that will link to the GitHub and just Provide different actions. Some of them need to be changed on the repository is migrated but that's part of the migration process. But yeah.

Joao Luna:  Oh, the sections are as defined in the spec. So we have the getting started followed by concepts, then, followed by the network features that we can start to explain us, people understand the concepts, then the architecture, we have the different guides on specific tasks. For instance like how to do the provider checkup and all different kind of guides will go under here. Then we have documentation for the developers. This can be like client library, documentation, that, that page Scott has regarding the like deep dive into the concepts of the Akash network.

Joao Luna:  We also have documentation for about providers and about validators. All these pages are basically the concepts explained. So nothing. Really different here from the current documentation. But let's give it a little bit of focus here on the getting started. So this is the Getting Started page. Basically tells you how to install the cash CLI which is basically the starting point. And then it allows the user to select the deployment method that I want to try. So we start with the console is the first one. They can choose cloud moves as well. They could deploy with TERRAFORM the CLI and the client libraries. So these are currently the five different A kind of deployment.

Joao Luna:  Deployment Pathways. We haven't yet migrated. So this page doesn't exist the console. Something I will do today tomorrow. We'll see. But yeah, it's just a matter of migrating. The content not really nothing, really major. We were focusing on the feedback from the last working group session. We have the department, which links to the commutation regarding how to deploy there. This probably means there's images missing. I'll have to check why, but no no big deal. We then have to auto deploy with Terraform, how to deploy with the CLI. And with the client libraries just Goes to the developers because there's no documentation regarding that. Before release, we can all meet some of these we can hide and just show, when

00:10:00

Joao Luna:  these are available.

Joao Luna:  And yeah, I think that's pretty much it. I'll also out of the box, we support. Different languages of documentation currently we only have English, but if we would have like, for example Norse, it would go and try to fetch all the documentation, of course, there's none. So it doesn't show anything. We'll fetch to the commutation for in Norsk. and other languages that we find if you want, And yeah, that's that's pretty much it.

Joao Luna:  Any questions?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if we can go back to the Getting Started screen, perfect, there's a couple of things that I want to talk about. I know that we've previously talked about the, if you go up the screen like this CLI and it's getting started being like, Potentially a better eventually.

Tyler Wright: Before we have a discussion on that, I wonder if we can move like developer funding down. Below deploy. And maybe even your first deployment.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Like I would like to move the deploy tools, higher up.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Tyler Wright:  One thing that I noticed is like and again when you when you minimize it, get it getting Started menu. There's no place on the left hand side. Where it says, deploy, I guess you can assume getting started but it'd be great if you know you have providers your values. It'd be great. If you have like an easy way for people to see deployed you know maybe like getting started with a deployment or maybe that's too long but Deploying on Akash or something. Maybe instead of getting started. I'm not really sure but

Joao Luna:  So you basically want to have a focus on this is where you go if you want to deploy, right,

Tyler Wright: Yeah exactly. Like in the In the paired down menus when it's just like the section categories. I wanted, I think it makes sense to have some place where you can see deployed directly from that list.

Joao Luna: From this list. Hmm.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, exactly.

Tyler Wright:  I don't know. Scott, do you have any feedback on that? Do you think if getting started is just enough and, and I'm in the weeds too much, just, please let me know.

Joao Luna:  I mean with all these quickly already,

Scott Carruthers: that's well, that's I

Scott Carruthers:  I guess a couple of things. One is our main objective out of this call. More to higher level. So go into the steering committee, so, obviously we can Then when I say we, obviously Luna would be leading the conversation but obviously going to the steering committee we can go through. They intent of they create a journeys and those curated journeys that are the initial landing page, which is a huge improvement and can go through that and just like the overall look and feel of the documentation site. So there's that and maybe right now that's our, our only focus if we really are. If we're going beyond that in this conversation, I really want to start to talk about content. I think these are things that we talked about on our last call. Right. That I think that there was consensus that previously.

Scott Carruthers:  Deployment tools were under guides and we suggested that there should be deployments category. Right? So I think we're still kind of talking about the same thing.

Joao Luna:  Okay, so you want really, okay? I understood that we wanted to have it on the getting started. But as you mentioned, we want On a dedicated, deployments.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Category.

Scott Carruthers: some maybe I think you know I think this is something that we've talked about before but maybe there's never been a definitive decision that I think another thing that we talked about last time was was generally keeping the structure and the contents. Very much the same as it is currently. Right? And make this this current effort, like they user created a journeys. They look in the field of the documentation site, after we get out of the limitations that we currently have with get book. All this is a, is a huge improvement and that the focus should really be on those elements and then migrating the documentation. But really the structure in the content should be the same in this first iteration. So I don't know. Maybe we've never had consensus on that or or have had on that but

00:15:00

Joao Luna:  That yeah I was under the impression. We wanted to follow the new spec for todoro right from the beginning because one of the things that we did first was just simply move everything. To here. but then, we started to

Joao Luna:  Migrate to the new structure. So that $2 and starting to match that commentation with this one because from my understanding from from my perspective, I don't know. Correct me if I'm wrong but This document the, the current documentation.

Joao Luna:  Will still be available at this for some time. I think it would make sense, right? So if we kept everything the same, it will just be a duplication and and having maybe you can start by having this one as like new dogs that are cash that network. And then just announced there will be moving this one to like, Or has this is simplistic but like all dogs that are cash that network and this one will be moved to dogs that are cash at network. So we can kind of transition users to start using this one. So we don't have to go through that mill step where we have the new documentation but with the old structure in the old, way of Navigating it, I think it's kind of extra effort that maybe we don't need because we can simply have the old documentation available which the content is still relevant. It's just that it's not with the new structure.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so yes.

Joao Luna:  I don't know what you think.

Scott Carruthers: So that makes sense. But so yeah, that completely makes sense, but my concern really isn't that We need to allow users to find. Documents and familiar places. So to to your point, if it's just a matter of, we don't want users to be lost. We we know and can advertise that they can still use the current documentation site. So we're not not leaving anyone lost? They can they can use either. But that's also suggesting that for the new documentation site. What that we did? There's nowhere. So we want to only make improvements to the the structure, right? And so, I guess what I'm struggling with right now? As I Coming to a consensus in agreement on the structuring of the of the new documentation site. So if we go back to the new documentation site, and in my personal opinion, I

Scott Carruthers: I don't love like the deployment tools. All being under to me that's a very heavy getting started section and to me it seems.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Scott Carruthers: And to Tyler's point of, if you have getting started collapse, you don't have anything on the left hand side that a user would be easily navigate to our deployment tools. So, it seems like

Joao Luna:  I see, yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  so we would have to have redundancy anyways so if we left them and getting started, we'd have to have redundancy because we would also want like a dedicated deployment section but so that's just Just my opinion, another opinion that I wanted as, and I'll finish after this and getting started. I'm Luna, if you can go back to the very first page of getting started,

Joao Luna: Oh, okay. Yes.

Scott Carruthers: So to me, there's there's potential for a little bit of confusion here of when somebody clicks on getting started, we're bringing them through setting up a CLI environment and then at the very bottom of the page, if you scroll down to the bottom, then we have a choose your deployment method. If I was a first time user and not familiar with the cash, I think they're possibly could be some confusion of the beginning.

Joao Luna: Thing.

Scott Carruthers: Part of this document is stepping me through.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I understand,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Seal. Yeah.

Joao Luna: I understand what you're saying. Yeah. I think, yeah. Okay. Because I assumed Well because it was my experience really. So yeah, but I think what you're seeing is make sense. But one of the first things I did was really just installed the CLI either. Even if I'm just using the console or called most are terraform, The first thing really is installing the CLI. But I think it makes sense to,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: at least move this upper here.

Scott Carruthers: I would agree with. I would agree.

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. And I think to a large to a larger extent getting started. I think Well, we've always kind of struggled with and what I was talking with Tyler about prior is I, I would think the opinion with getting started as we want to guide a first-time user that may be very non-technical through the very easiest way to deploy, Hello World Network. And if that's the case, I think what we're struggling with a little bit right now, is the console currently has some issues. So an example is persistent storage deployment, seem to be broken in the console right now. And there's, you know, we don't have shell access and some other things, I think that consensus is certainly that we would want to point everyone to launch. Hello World through the console. But how do we deal with that when the console is not fully featured right now? So,

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers:  Anyway, so I'm Tower. I think you had your hand raised a while ago. The desert just my thoughts.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, I appreciate those thoughts.

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: I would just Second and just like again, push towards a deploy section. Even if it's like redundant, in the Getting started just for like the collapse menu and just have like the different deploy tools. In terms of the getting started again,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: I would I would move it up. I think you're already

Tyler Wright:  Kind of doing that, but I wonder if it makes sense to have on this page, like a way to use Kepler wallet because that's like a really early part for everybody that's getting started with their provider or whether they're deploying. They have to link a some sort of what while that can hold Akt to whatever they're doing deploy tool or provider tool. So I wonder if that should be at the top of the getting started port and part and make that part is easy as possible for the user and then have like the path after that. I think to Scott's point about console right now, I think Luna brought up that if we wanted to hide specific documentation, we can. So, if we don't believe that the console is currently ready, then we can just have the cloud most be like,

Tyler Wright:  The first it furthest left path like tile and people can click on that first and we can even hide console until it's ready or again, make it lower on the tile list. one thing I do want to talk about at a high level that I want to clear up from at least my perspective is, I was under the impression from the spec and from like the scope of work that Luna and I discussed that Phase one of Docs 2.0 included, migrating, the current documentation over Taking that current documentation. And optimizing it for.

Tyler Wright: A structure that we all agreed upon,â€¦

Joao Luna: Hmm.

Tyler Wright: but again, taking the content from the current documentation and moving that over and really the extra item that Luna's team were working on were, again the the user journeys, which are amazing that is on the first page as well as again, migrating from Getbook to Hugo, which is been done for the most part. I think it's not done quite yet. And then lastly set up the infrastructure for Um, multiple languages which has been done. I know that there's no languages yet but that wasn't part of this scope of work. It was just to set up the infrastructure so that we can add future languages. so, That's what I that's the Spec products 2.0. I never saw a world where we would have an old docs that accost on network in a new docs data. Cost.network,

Tyler Wright: My thought process was that we would share this with the steering committee on Thursday, we would get feedback from the steering committee.

Joao Luna: Hmm.

Tyler Wright: We would implement that feedback. We would make sure as a SIG documentation group that all of the documentation from the current docs data, cost.network is in this current docs 2.0 and then we would do a clean. Sweep. When we feel comfortable that this now becomes docs datacos.network,

Tyler Wright: We, I don't see a world where we have to. I don't think it makes sense where we're like,â€¦

Joao Luna: oh,

Tyler Wright: pointing people to new documentation and old documentation because they're both kind of relevant. It's just Our objective here. Was. Again, I never really think there's been an issue with the copy. Of documentation, it's just been with the structure of documentation and so we wanted to again improve it and put it into an open source tool Hugo. And we also wanted to just make it easier for people to take journeys which I think it's been accomplished here. Go ahead, Scott.

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers: Here. So I I as I mentioned in the beginning part of the call, I'm gonna have to jump off here. And another minute is there anything that you guys want my opinion on before I don't really have anything. Else has?

Joao Luna: I just I just wanted to add that. We we don't think also that there's a problem with the copy and on the documentation. So if the other content is come copied as is it's just that we are moving to different place in the new structure.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Joao Luna: So for instance, let's say, The the second G-sec documentation, this is, as is from the old documentation. We haven't changed anything. It's just, I'm not really sure what that is. Profile. No, deployments maybe

Joao Luna:  Yeah. So as you can see it's as is from the old. It's just that it's positioned in accordance with respect. Just to make that clear.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm, I'm all in favor. I know this Scott has to run. Um, Scott, I'll make sure that you have any other feedback we you and I can talk a fine I can and you can either put a discord or we can make sure that Luna has a Thursday. But again much appreciate Scott's feedback. I do think I do agree with the dedicated deployment category as well as the getting started page.

Joao Luna: Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: Which I know it's very important. To Scott from a high level.

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, I'll drop off. Are you guys gonna keep going? Okay. Sounds good.

Tyler Wright:  Yes. Thank you.

Joao Luna:  Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: And yeah. So I've anything that's on my mind. I've already voiced and so yeah, as always, great job, Luna. And I really look forward to the presentation to the Syrian Committee on Thursday. I think this is going to get brave reviews of just getting away from our limitations with Get book and the user care edit journeys. I think it's something that we've always wanted to go towards. So yeah, great job. And yeah, look forward to the presentation during the steering committee.

Joao Luna: Thank you. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you, Scott.

Tyler Wright: Hey um so yeah, back to the high level Luna. Um yes. So when we when this spec was developed and we passed you and your team with doing it again, it was never the implement. There was never the thought that we would have. Now a fragmented experience. We thought that And trusted that, you know, again, with the copy. And then again, you have your own opinion on copy and the structure that this would be the official documentation. So this, Our strategy is to not be thinking about like creating subdomains that are old andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay, okay.

Tyler Wright: new. It should just be docsed out of cost.network and whenever we feel comfortable with that, then this will be docs of a cop.network.

Joao Luna:  Yeah. All what I mean was a strategy where basically, two stages where So we don't immediately swept swap. The old with the new one because people could be just on the process of following a guide or something. so having something like, I'll call it Archive or something which points to the old documentation, which has like a big disclaiming disclaimer saying, We are no longer maintaining this, please visit the newest book documentation, but the reference is still there because I think just erasing, I mean the content is the same but it's in different places so we can get quite confusing at least from my perspective, but I totally understand if you just want to get rid of the old one, Right. Right off.

Tyler Wright:  So I said, I feel like if you So to your point, right? If you change the link to archived out of cash on network, to the old documentation, wouldn't that change the hyperlink for everybody that currently using it or everywhere? It's tweeted tweeted.

Joao Luna:  Yes, it would. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Yes it was like it would be moved anyway you know it would just be like the same kind of thing.

Joao Luna: Okay understand. Yeah makes total sense. Yeah, yeah. External references would now link to the new one. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: Exactly. Exactly.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah. Total

Tyler Wright: Um, so yeah. So I just want to clear that up because, again, I'm a very excited with the direction this is going, but again, and I think I know Scott is as you just mentioned. I know denises, so we're really liking this direction, but this is going to be docs data cost on network, which isâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay, okay.

Tyler Wright: why we're very much in the weeds about making sure it's like fine tune before steering committee and even beyond that, because we want to get this up and going as quickly as possible so that you can go back to focusing on other things.

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And this could just be like, you know, again the official documentation

Joao Luna: Okay. And of course, I mean, I think the work continues even after the steering committee, it's just a overall structure is agreed upon andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

00:30:00

Joao Luna: then we can start migrating everything confidently because I know there's new documentation that have spawned while I was developing this, so Definitely, there's still stuff to migrate in new documentation to create. For instance, this one, I think it's It's kind of.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna:  Tied to to our team to my team to to do it. Because I mean, we created the platform providers, it makes it makes sense. Even if it's not part of the migration, it's something heavy we should do and then I creating the console and all that stuff, so yeah.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Is there can you go to provide us for a quick second, please? Okay, is there a path or build a cloud provider? Is there anything that has Creator in there right now? Okay.

Joao Luna: Not yet. So it is the car provider. So I joined everything. Is there anything on the current documentation about the Predator provider?

Tyler Wright: Maybe not yet, so if there's not yet, then we'll leave it, you know?

Joao Luna: Yeah, because I know I I joined all these under one. So this is the chart Way of building.

Tyler Wright:  Gotcha.

Joao Luna: But I think there's none about great or

Tyler Wright:  No, that's all right. Then that's something we can talk about doing later. Or pretor can talk about like You know, figuring out how to get done and added.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I mean, now, with the new structure adding content is really, really, really easy. It's just They just open. Okay. I think it doesn't exist yet but they just create a pull request with a markdown file which everyone knows that's building like anyone that's building community specs andâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Mm-hmm.

Joao Luna: Stuff like that, they can build. A, an MD file and they even have liked templates. And so it's really easy to just build.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. Um cool. The only other thing. Maybe if you go back to the front page like where the journeys begin,

Joao Luna:  This one your deployment check. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: You're perfect. yeah, I might Talk to. You know, I can just take a screenshot of this. I might have the copy be updated for a couple of these section, but I think this looks great.

Joao Luna: Return. And also,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I wonder if

Joao Luna: if there's more journey that you want. So for instance, like another section with a bunch of cards as well, but for other stuff, That's something we can also.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Maybe we could do like deploy a website.

Joao Luna: Or. Yeah. Or some orâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  I'm trying to think of like some high level things.

Joao Luna: something, something like linking to akashi, do you?

Tyler Wright:  Love that.

Joao Luna:  The operator thing.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Maybe a links to other external.

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Joao Luna: Pages, that we have. so prater, for instance, like the status page about providers

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  I love that. Yeah, yeah.

Joao Luna: A link here and people can just write out right away. See the status of the network While,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, that'll be great.

Joao Luna: you know, we will, I know we'll have something similar to this on the website, but while we don't have it. I mean, we could we could

Joao Luna:  Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I love that. I love that. You know, since they're gonna okay? Denis, what do you feel about like documentation? If you click on that, it goes to an overview. Do we want to have any copy? That goes on the top of this section. About likeâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Maybe.

Tyler Wright: what a cop is.

Denis Lelic: Mean anyone did during this site, probably knows what it is.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Okay. if you go back to the the current docs page, Luna If you like oh andâ€¦

Joao Luna: The sorry.

Tyler Wright: another window, go to the, you know, the docs, that I network. I think you have a And they go to the top of it Intro.

Joao Luna:  Oh, okay.

Tyler Wright: This page hasn't been brought over, right?

Joao Luna:  It has. It it has. Yeah, it's, I mean, it's we put it under concepts about our cashmere

Tyler Wright:  Okay, got you. I wonder if we can move this country to the overview.

Joao Luna: I mean. The Akash means sky orâ€¦

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah exactly.

Joao Luna: this one. Most of all photos,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Both of those.

Joao Luna: okay? Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: Oh, something. I I put now I'm seeing it. Yeah. So, do you want me to put brighter and us, and cloudmose as like an example of companies that are building the Akash network? and I mean,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Of it.

Joao Luna: I won't name individual independent contributors but,

Tyler Wright: Maybe we can take this last sentence out for right now and like, not even mention Overclock andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay. Okay.

Tyler Wright: then we will figure out how to do that in the future.

Joao Luna: I was thinking about the The end. I'm just, I'm just deleting it right now. A kind of like to show how big it is orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I love the idea.

Joao Luna: oh, how different different contributions are coming all over the place.

Tyler Wright: I love the

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, no. I love the idea. I just want to figure out what exactly the copy can be.

Joao Luna:  where,

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, so maybe we can change this to like this section to Akash network FAQ and just move that top part to the overview.

Joao Luna: Okay, the okay. I get that, but I think we'll still need an Akash network, but with a better expansion,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Joao Luna: maybe I'll ask Chetubity and The right time,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: right? And it can be a test on whether shed GP knows. But yeah, this this one is is really enough if IQ FAQ style, but I think it shouldn't and maybe have this. Just like at the end of the page and just have more content and I'll move this to The overview. Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Perfect. Yeah. Cool. That's all I have again. I think it's in. I think it's looking in great shape. I love the images, I love the style, I love the structure and the feel and the journey. So that's all, that's all I have.

Tyler Wright: I know that they will have some other things to work on after the steering committee, but I think that would be really excited. So we can talk about those things. I might put together a list of the things I think we need to work on after the steering committee.

Joao Luna: Instant.

Tyler Wright: Just like hacking structure. I think you have to do some more migration because again, we haven't had like a hard stop of documentation, some things like that,â€¦

Joao Luna:  After.

Tyler Wright: but I think it's in great shape. Then if you have anything, you want to add, Of dentists just dropped off every time Luna. You have any questions, you have any thoughts?

Joao Luna: And no, I think everything's clear. I'll address the feedback post more on. On the Serve Discord Server and Yeah. Regarding the presentation is the format.

Tyler Wright:  Okay.

Joao Luna: Okay, there anything specific they would like to for me to address.

Tyler Wright:  No, I I think you did a great job with the presentation like walking through the different paths. I'm sure people might have feedback and add some paths, but again, but the ability to do that is there um, Going, we talk to you talked about the tagging. You talked about the categories. Yeah, I think it was great. I know that we talked about like, a glossary at one point, but I know that that might be something we can't do right now. So probably better not to talk about it.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Something that we would gladly look at but after because it's really complex, it's a custom. Let's call it. Plug-in that the Kubernetes team implemented. We could copy it, but it has some work associated with it. It's just not copying interesting over here,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: it has some something to do.

Tyler Wright: That makes sense. No but I like the flow of the presentation. It was like clean high level. Good speed. So yeah.

Joao Luna: and now it's, it's looking great, the documentation, I think, Okay, so here's kind of how to set up Kepler. I think someone mentioned I think it was either Scott or you And it's under the developer funding thing. Seems.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think that should be on the Getting Started page developer funding, to be honest, when I saw that and the tab, I thought to move it down and I thought that was like something like For you. Like if I'm trying to get, if you're trying to get money from the community pool of Overclock trying to get me a community pool,â€¦

Joao Luna:  No, no.

Tyler Wright: that's what I actually thought developer funding was.

Joao Luna:  I don't I don't know if I made up the name or if it's really the name. That's here. I'm confused because the name is kind of weird. See, I know the

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Tokens and wallet. Look under tokens and wallet.

Joao Luna: No, buy cash. Oh, okay, it's it's tokens in the wallets everything. It's everything that's here but renamed basically. I think I have a migrated,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: this is something that we want to migrate is this still working. Mixing messages.

Tyler Wright: oh no, I would just I would migrate everything and probably just like archive it, but I, we certainly should migrate the buy a cost tokens and the Kepler.

Joao Luna: This one is migrated this is.

Tyler Wright: Well, and I think the Kepler was to go in the getting started. Yeah. but also I'm saying that buy a cost tokens should be migrated

Joao Luna: This is what's there? Alrighty.

Joao Luna: That this is, this is there as well. It's all from it's all on the same pageâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Okay, cool. That I got you got you telling the same page?

Joao Luna: but it's very so see.

Tyler Wright:  Um, yeah, I think that. Yeah, we should separate that a little bit.

Tyler Wright:  You could pick me on discord if you have any questions on. Or like need a second opinion on how to separate sections out.

Joao Luna: Okay. Turn

Tyler Wright:  yeah, it's got nothing else and we can and it's been again. I think it's in the great shape. We'll add as an agenda item. It's already agenda item for the steering committee for Thursday. Yeah. And we'll just get the opinion and thoughts of the Community and Steering Committee. So it should be very exciting.

Joao Luna: All right. Yeah. Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright:  Anything else before we and this meeting?

Joao Luna:  Everything from my side.

Tyler Wright: Okay, much appreciate the time and the Working group sessions and also in this SIG to go over the Doctor 2.0 and all the efforts that you and your team have done so much. Appreciate you, Luna We'll talk on,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: we'll talk on discord up until Thursday.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah, sure. Thank you very much you too.

Tyler Wright:  Awesome. Have a great rest of the day. Thank you.

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:42:19 ðŸ‘‹
