
# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available).

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, June 27, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://jqtbpq377livrj4hbk4pw4vv2djrt3gmqxgs5zjwl7djg3lq4f5a.arweave.net/TCYXw3_60Vinhwq4-3K10NMZ7MyFzS7lNl_Gk21w4Xo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

 - Tyler Wright talked about **Docs 2.0 migration progress [86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)**:
 - Luna gave a demo at the last Steering Committee meeting, and Docs 2.0 was well received.
 - Participants were prompted to share any feedback with Luna and his team via [sig-documenation discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1111760723463385159/1113084013419171840).
 - Some community members have been sharing feedbacks on docs in sig-documentation discord, and those docs have been improved. Please continue to share any thoughts on documenation or feel free to submit a PR.
 - The link to where docs 2.0 lives now is [here](https://akash-docs.dev.quasarch.cloud/docs/).
 - **Akash Console documentation**: a repository is now available for console under [akash-network/console](https://github.com/akash-network/console), and other documentation related to it can be found on these two links: [akash-network/docs](https://github.com/akash-network/docs) and [Akash Console documentation](https://docs.akash.network/guides/deploy).

### Action Items

 - Community to Give feedback to Luna and team about Docs 2.0 including structure and design.
 - Tyler to follow up on working session for docs freeze strategy.
 - **New documentation**: if you have any documentation that you want to create, you can get involved in the [sig-docs Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752266991456278) by asking whether or not a document is created or should be created.
 - **Akash Console documentation**: Tyler Wright mentions that documentation related to Akash Console is needed. If you feel like you can help with this, write in the [akash-console Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1053359341144653957) on Discord.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Hello, all welcome to SIG Documentation monthly meeting number six. In this SIG, we focus on all things related to a cost documentation, including Creating Documentation. There is a working group around Docs 2.0 that has been led by Luna and the Quasarch team. I know that they have been heads down working on documentation as it and a number of other projects that the Quasarch team is going to be launching soon. So I don't believe they'll be at this meeting.

Tyler Wright: If anybody wants to continue to follow up with things that are happening between meetings, please stay active in SIG Ducks, discord, channel that channel again is especially active with the people talking about new documentation edits, You can kind of see There was a back and forth between a couple of members a couple days ago about some documentation and Scott from the Overclock Labs, team is able to update that documentation to make it easier to digest for some folks in the community. So that again, if anybody has any feedback about documentation, anyone has any thoughts? Please feel free to share The safe documentation channel, or feel free to submit a PR For new documentation because again, it is open source.

Tyler Wright: One other thing. We also want to add and I'll put something in the chat here. Again, if you want to follow what's going on with the doctor 2.0, Please feel free to take a look at Number 86 inside, the support repo where Luna and the Quasar's team are sharing updates. One thing that is going to be discussed between meetings because it won't be discussed. Today is the migration path AT Last Steering Committee. The SIG documentation presented, the Working Group around Docs 2.0, where Luna did a demo of the Docs 2.0 and the steering committee. And many members of community, we're very impressed with all the work that was done by Luna and the QUASAR team, as well as participants in Sig-docs, and the Working Group.

Tyler Wright: And so now the next step is figuring out the best path for migrating. documentation To the Acosta network site. There was some discussion previously on what the links should look like, but I think it's been decided that the ultimate end goal for the docs 2.0 is to be at a cost dot network slash docs, I know previously. It's been Docs.com network, but for SEO purposes and other reasons. The goal is to again, push the new docs page to Akash Dot Network, slash docs Another thing that will have to be figured out between meetings is a code freeze for documentation. So, Again.

Tyler Wright: Quasarch team led by Luna has been migrating. From get book to Hugo a number of times over the past month, or so. But Documentation continues to be updated in real time by Scott and the Overclock latch team. And so it's at some point A

Tyler Wright: Freeze has to be done to new documentation so that we can get into a certain point where we can make the migration to a network/docs with the new documentation in Hugo. And then again, any new documentation will be made thereafter. Another thing that's also being worked on right now because we are in GPU testnet. Scott has been updating documentation for instructions, as well as submissions for testnet. If anybody wants to participate in GPU testnet, please feel free to look in the working group GPU.

Tyler Wright: Are folder and then there's a GPU AI incentivized testnet file in there. Test. Two, is a task that is starting today and you can see again some of the documentation that's been created there for folks that are trying to understand how to participate and how to submit tasks.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions around docs 2.0?

Denis Lelic: Is there a preview link? We can have a look at the progress that's been made so far.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, that's a great question. I will share that link right now in the chat for folks. To be able to reference.

Tyler Wright: if anybody here has comments, Or thoughts about the documentation as they've lived today. Please feel free to look at that link. I just put in the chat or look at the link. If you're watching this later, look at the link. That will be attached in the notes, and then please feel free to. Again, make any comments inside of SIG documentation discord channel or make any notes inside of the issue. Number 86 and the support repo or docs 2.0 and Luna and the quasarch team will make sure to look at those notes questions, comment and respond to them in real time. I know Denis, you've been very active in some of the design elements as a partake to docs 2.0. So again, feel free to make any updates, share any feedback with that group.

Denis Lelic: Just successfully migrate the whole thing and at least what we discussed in our previous conversations was to Focus on the migration. And in the later steps we can focus on the makeup.

Tyler Wright: Yep.

Tyler Wright: course, Cool. Does anyone else have anything that they want to talk about documentation related?

Tyler Wright: One. Other thing, I'll note that is coming in the future. Scott, Caruthers from the Overclock Labs team has been working diligently this year to create developer documentation. So for folks that want to contribute to the core product of the Akash network and build on top of the Akash network, there has been in the past, a slight learning curve as it pertains to Cosmo. It says how things work on the Akash network. And so Scott has been taking the effort of creating This developer documentation will ultimately be added to the Dock site as well as it will be linked to specific areas inside of berries, repose inside the Akash Network Organization on Github. So folks that are developing again can have quick links and quick access to

Tyler Wright: All the developer documentation that Scott Carruthers does has done in Markdown. So it's easily movable and easily adaptable and designed for Github. And also again worked with Hugo and get book. So again anybody else that wants to? Develop new documentation. Has any questions comments about documentation, please feel free to if you want to take on the effort of creating new documentation, do it in Markdown and Github and then it can be reviewed or again, Please leave Thoughts inside of the state documentation discord channel, for folks who cont give feedback and thoughts.

Tyler Wright: Again, I know it's a shorter meeting, we'll probably do a fair amount of work between this meeting and the next meeting if we need to set up a working group session for docs 2.0, We can also set that up in between meetings. I know, folks are busy, I know against God is handling some other business. I know Luna and the Crazy Horse team are working on number of things leading up to some new developments coming this summer. But again, please feel free to look at documentation docs datacos.network. And again, this take documentation

Tyler Wright: Discord channel where you can see up to date changes and thoughts being made about docs 2.0 as well as a current documentation on the site. If anybody has the desire to contribute to making documentation, feel free to leave a comment in discord or reach out to myself, or Scott from the core team about supporting or again, feel free to join any of these future meetings. Much appreciate everybody participating again. There is also console documentation that will be shared.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: In the notes for anybody that wants to feel free to add to console documentation. I know console is continuing to improve every day and so documentation. And folks that want to contribute to developing new documentation, as Always welcome. But again, thank you everyone for participating today. Make these notes available very shortly. And again, I hope everyone has a great day. Look out on discord for the next meeting working group sessions or feel free to comment. on all the work that the quasarch team has done on the docs 2.0, Thank you, everybody. Let's talk online. And reminder,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye.

Tyler Wright: GP GPU, test, that underway Task 2 will be launched at 9:00 AM Pacific today. So heads up. Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:11:13 ðŸ‘‹

