

# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86).
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available).

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, July 25, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Damir Simpovic
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

 - Tyler Wright talked about **Docs 2.0 migration progress [86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)**:
 - Luna is not at the meeting, so a working group session will be set up.
 - Scott talked about the developer documentation that he has been working on.
 - The revised strategy for sharing this documentation is to have a core-docs repository as placeholder of all architectural documentation for the core services
each core repo inherits it as a submodule into docs folder (forcing same name across repos) setup repos to track core-docs , whenever new changes land in docs, core repositories immediately see it.
 - Need to make sure that Hugo can support bringing in code from multiple repositories.

### Action Items

- Tyler to set up a working group session to talk about timeframes and doc freezes. This should happen in the next week or two. 
- Luna to research if Hugo can support bringing in code from multiple reposisitories. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody. To six documentation monthly meeting number seven. In the documentation specialist group, the participants focus on all things related to documentation on Akash, whether that be developer, documentation. That's an initiative, that's Scott Carruthers has been working on or documentation for using a cost deploying on cash A provider on a cache. Again, those efforts that Scott has been leading for a while but now with the open source framework really looking to get some contributions from the community and have other folks contribute to creating updating documentation. And again suggesting any new documentation that might be needed for improving user experience.

Tyler Wright: One of the big working groups that has come out of state documentation is working group for docs 2.0. There was a bounty that came out of one of the earlier state, docs monthly meetings, where

Tyler Wright: There was an effort required previously Scott Carruthers. Who's been leading the documentation efforts for a while has been Our new documentation in Markdown but has been using GIT book. There's been an effort to switch over to Hugo and to again, make that documentation more open to community members, that want to contribute and add new documentation, The Quasarch team led by Luna took on that bounty. And have been working on Docs 2.0 for a couple months at this point where they've migrated a number of documents over from Get book and have worked with Scott Sig Design and others from the core team. And in the community to redesign, we imagine the front end experience for the documentation.

Tyler Wright: As again, we move toward Docs 2.0 in Hugo. The Luna and one of the action item, for this monthly meeting on the agenda, was to go over next steps for a strategy for migrating, that two Dot 2.0. I know that Greg from the Overclock Labs Core team has talked about moving from Data, Cash DOT To a network slash docs as As again has given some feedback on Doc 2.0 after Luna gave a presentation in Steering committee, a couple of months ago. So that's a big action item that's been coming out of work. Think documentation in the form of working Group docs 2.0,

Tyler Wright: If it doesn't get accomplished in this meeting, there will be a working group session set up for folks, to talk about the migration path. If there needs to be a freeze of any new documentation written by Scott or any other members of the community for a while. Before we again map out a new path, for what documentation is going to look like, I don't want Scott to have to talk a little bit more detail right now. But again, in the future meeting, I know that Scott has previously mentioned has been working on developer documentation, which is already in Markdown, but we'll be brought into various repos for developers that are building tools and wanting to interact with the Akash code base. Again, he's been developing documentation that will be brought into

Tyler Wright: The dock site after the migration, after dark 2.0 has been successfully implemented. And then again, that's an agenda item that we could talk about Another monthly meeting in the future.

Tyler Wright: I do want to pause real quick to see if there's any again in lieu of Luna not being here today, one of the other agenda items is there, any suggested new documentation that folks, think needs to be written or needs to be updated? This is a great time to mention any documentation changes or any updates.

Tyler Wright: If no one has any updates again. If anybody has any items that they want to see updated between meetings, I know that the community does a great job of referencing documentation sharing with Andy and Another members of the insiders in vanguards of anything is unclear. And then, I know that Scott, Andy and others from the community do a great job of continually updating that documentation in real time to make sure that again the user experience is continuing

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Today, we're having any questions about anything that I've talked about?

Scott Carruthers: I'm not necessary a question Tyler but A number of things I'm about to say are kind of just reiterating the things that you've said. So number one in primarily I think we need to Schedule, a working group since. Members of Luna, Steam weren't in this session. I think we need to have that session to obviously map out the strategy for talk ducks 2.0, migration brother soon. I think that Thought was as I went testing that was over. We would start to

Scott Carruthers: Transition to Docs2.0, I think maybe even before the minute upgrade. But, anyways, we can talk about that. But again, to reiterate what you said, Tyler would definitely need to have a working session to talk about time frames and putting freezes on documentation updates and additions and things like that. So, yeah. I think it's obviously important that we have that working group session in the next week or two weeks at most secondly, I'm gonna put this into Our. Chat. And I know people listening and after might not Have access to this. so what we can talk about this in the next working group session as well. So along with the docs 2.0, migration and talking about the main documentation site migration, we also have the Thought of migrating the engineering documentation that I've created on to this Hugo site as well.

Scott Carruthers: initially, we were talking about having They mark down source code, documentation files in separate repositories so they provider relevant, engineering documentation would live in that repository that Arter and myself primarily would be update in and then the same for the node repo and also the Akashi API repository. We've come up where we revised strategy that we think Eric's going to work much better and I can put this in the chat but Parker and I crafted a path forward where we're going to have a document engineering

Scott Carruthers: dedicated repository called Cordocs, the Core docs repository and instead of storing documentation and provider services and node repositories, we would instead put all the engineering documentation into the court, docs repository and then The Node and Provider services. Repositories would have sub modules, that would bring docs in from the court. Docs repository, one of the things that's important and again, we can talk about this in a working session, is Hugo's ability. To be able to import documentation from multiple repositories. And I talked about this briefly and he would have said he had to do some research to see if Hugo could support that. So I have a ton of react experience. I don't have any Hugo experience, so Luna since he's leading. That effort was going to do research to see if you could Bringing in.

Scott Carruthers: Source Code Markdown files from multiple repositories. I think he was maybe a little bit uncertain that Hugo had that ability. So obviously we need to identify that and if for some reason, Hugo, doesn't her gonna have to start to strategize how we can get around that? So it started based on this revised strategy of not putting documentation into provider services and the notary POSITORY and the Akashi API repository and putting everything into court docs repository, we're now dealing with less repositories but it's still an additional repository that Hugo would have to import markdown files from. So we need to have a conversation to make sure everyone is on the same page with The idea of this court, docs repository, and also the ability for Hugo to bring those markdown files into Hugo to be part of the larger. Dox 2.0 effort.

Scott Carruthers: So again, I think these are things that we just need to talk about in the upcoming working group. But if anyone is viewing the transcript, this might be some helpful piece of information leading into that sessions that we can get more out of that session.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you very much. Does anyone have any questions about what Scott, which is talking about? Again, if anybody's listening to his transcripts, after the meeting, feel free to drop any questions into the discord channel. When that working group session is set up, I will certainly add it to the events and discord and then make some announcements in Sidocs about when that meeting will happen,

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: I know that again, Scott's led some efforts previously about console documentation that it's a continued work in progress. If anybody from the community wants to contribute to developing new documentation for console, please feel free simpler who's also here has been amongst many efforts that it takes on he's awesome and supporting a community tool pretor and doing some testing again as pretor supported GPU testnet as well as. Of being a main net provider set up tool. I know that SIMPLIS also provided some updates to the prey tour team about documentation changes that will improve the user experience for those, trying to take the Creator pass. I do want to shout out this efforts there and supporting pretor

Tyler Wright: again, if anybody wants to support console documentation, they wants to support Akash court documentation. Feel free to just share your name and the information. Any writing samples that you may have to this point inside the State documentation channel, or inside, the general chat, and we'll make sure to identify you and connect with you. And again, there's even maybe some possible bounties behind certain documentation. feel free to reach out to listening to this. After the fact, Scott, thank you for your thoughts feedback. and an update on the work that you've been doing. Again simple, thank you for all that. You do it. So, anything else that anybody wants to cover documentation wise that happened in covered to this point?

Tyler Wright: Otherwise I have a couple of action items to set up a working group session very soon so we can figure out next steps for ducks. 2.0, and Luna has a action item to research at. Hugo can support bringing code from multiple repositories for documentation. So again, we'll get those things ironed out before at the working group session, so we can move forward some of these items.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Thanks guys. Hey

Meeting ended after 00:13:23 ðŸ‘‹



