
# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #8

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86) handoff.
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available).

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, August 22, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

 - 

### Action Items

- 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to SIG Documentation monthly meeting number eight. during the SIG documentation monthly meetings the group goes over, anything related to a cash documentation, whether it be improvements to a cost documentation, participants that join the meetings, can contribute to writing AKASH documentation and just anything related to Doc's 2.0, which is a working group that is come out of six documentation.

Tyler Wright: out of the last monthly meeting, we talked with Luna and Team, and in between meetings about transferring over the docs 2.0, work that Luna and the Quasar's team have done over to Overclock, so that Overclock can manage it on behalf of the Akash community, Andre, who's on the call right now, helps support a number of costs assets on behalf of OVERCLOCK. So again, one of the things that we're going to do with the containerized Hugo, which is where the docs migration has happened. Was, We're going to host that Sign Documentation Group, decided to host that on So that folks can see it running again on the continents network. And Andrey will be again managing that term behalf of the class community. So

Tyler Wright: One of the action items if Luna's not able to join or remember, the Quasar team is not able to join today. We'll set up some time for Andre to receive that handoff of the container so that it can be hosted on Attache and managed by the Overclock team on behalf of the Akash community.

Tyler Wright: I know there were a couple of other items that Scott Carruthers who has been doing a line share of the documentation to this point. But I know that as we look to expand what the documentation site and experience looks like Scott has been also working on developer documentation for folks that are building on top of the Akash network, building products, building pools, etc. And so to that end out of the last SIG documentation meeting. And even though working group session prior to that, there's been some discussion on passing on creating easy paths for the developer documentation who live in specific repos and to be accessible as easily in this efficiently by again developers as possible.

Tyler Wright: So I know there were some questions that Scott had for Luna about the capabilities and limitations potentially of Hugo as again. We look to bring in not only documentation for folks that are using the cash network and deploying and providing and setting up. Validators etc. but for again, software developers and folks that are looking to build tools and products on top of the Akash network.

Tyler Wright: I know that was a lot but usually we have more participants here and without Luna as a key participant arm, I think that there's not much we can do at this time. Scott, I do want to pass it over to you to see if there's any new documentation or anything else on the documentation side that she want to shout out on this call into the community.

Scott Carruthers: So off the top of my head, I think the only new documentation that's been created. Since our last SIG duct session would be. the maintenance six or Network upgrade to version 0240. So there's been some documentation ads for validator and node upgrades and there will be additional documentation on provider upgrades sometime over the next couple of days. Those are I set off the top of my head, doing new documentation that I can think of yeah but myself and Andy primarily as things come up in the provider community, I'm sure there's been some updates to the documentation as well, just some small, I know that we

Scott Carruthers: make sure that providers kind of made a more apparent to providers, the procedure that they should be using during very small provider documentation adjustments. So I think that's it since our last session

Tyler Wright: Thank you, so as an action item I know that we want to be again transferring over dots 2.0 so that's as we can recall. The next steps with docs 2.0 is I think Luna's here now.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Trying to admit Luna.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Luna, can you hear us?

Tyler Wright: Luna, you might be on mute.

Tyler Wright: All At the top of the call, we were just talking about, just left. I think he'll be back at some point, but again, with Luna trying to join the call. When he's available, we'll go over some of the action items that we outlined and go from there. I think I'll just wait for. Luna to rejoin and then we can go from there.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Luna, can you hear us?

Tyler Wright: You still might be on mute. I'm not able to hear the meeting. You can't hear us, okay?

Tyler Wright: We're not speaking. Can you hear us? Luna, just throw something in the chat, if you can hear us.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Trying to I know that Luna's having some technical difficulties right now. I think you just left. If you still continues have technical difficulties, you might push. We might end this SIG documentation meeting and set up a small working group session, maybe at a time when Lun are you able to hear us now?

Tyler Wright: Can you hear Scott? Are you able to talk? Is it just me?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I could test Luna. Yeah, but hear me.

Scott Carruthers: I'm assuming that is Not you tell her, but

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: All right.

Tyler Wright: Okay, he said or he'll restart and give them two minutes.

Tyler Wright: Hey, Arthur, can you hear us?

Tyler Wright: Can you hear me? Arthur if you can you okay?

Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, Tyler.

Emmanuel Arthur: I can hear you.

Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent.

Tyler Wright: Scott myself and Andre have been here Luna's, been having some technical difficulties, and he could not hear. So I was making sure that it wasn't a issue on my end. I'm luna's gonna be restarting, his computer, he should be rejoining us very soon. on the agenda for today, we want to the two topics on the agenda are

Tyler Wright: Scott has some questions about the capabilities of Hugo as he's looking to bring in developer documentation that he's created to go along with again, the Akash general documentation. For those that are trying to again, deploy or become providers, or validators on the cost network. And then, secondly, Luna has Hugo inside of a container. We want to do during this meeting hand at over that container over to Andrey, so that Andre can manage the container and I get hosted on the Akash network on behalf of the class community. it does a number of other things for Overclock, so we're just going to give Luna a couple more minutes and hopefully he will be able to connect with no issue and we can knock out some of these agendas points.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Just also to reiterate while we wait for Luna. Scott mentioned at the top of this call that the newest documentation has been around The Network upgrade, as well as validator upgrade. There's some documentation that will be developed soon. That will include provider upgrade Luna. Can you hear us I think I heard you go off mute.

Joao Luna: Yes, yes. Sorry.

Tyler Wright: No, you're fine people's channel. yeah, I've just been trying my best install until you're ready. Again, Luna, thank you for joining out of This is state, documentation ly out of a number of sick, documentation monthly meetings and working group sessions.

Tyler Wright: Folks, in the SIG documentation. Group, as well as Luna and the Quasarch team. I've worked together to develop a tax 2.0, which was a migration of docs that have been written by Scott, Andre others members of the community that were previously and get book as Markdown and transferred to Hugo, which is an effort that came out of the steering committing and supported by the steering committee. The next steps in that effort that we want to work through today. I know that Scott had some questions about the Texture of developer, documentation and then Luna Andre's on this call because we want to do I know how to laugh. SIG, Documentation monthly meeting. We talked about transferring,

Tyler Wright: the container that has all the work that your team did for Hugo and Documentation 2.0 and transfer that over to Andre so that we can host it on their class network and then make it available to folks in the insider community to test critique etc over an overcoming weeks. That sound like a fair agenda.

Joao Luna: Yeah, yeah andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Joao Luna: also sorry I was talking a meeting couldn't joined earlier.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no worries at all. Thank you for joining Cool with that said, I know that you and Scott have been talking in previous meetings and then also been talking in the state documentation discord channel. I just want to make sure that you all have some time to live about implementation of the developer documentation. So I want to hand over to Scott to walk us through anything that needs clarification.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, thanks I thought we were in a discussion about this year last week or the week before and thought that this would be very easy to resolve live. so I just want to make sure that we're on the same page, so you brought up Regarding multi-language support and normalization. If the Hugo server is using sub modules of documentation instead of the root docs. So, the thing that I wasn't sure that I was entirely clear on in that conversation was To me, it would seem like Hugo would use the cordocs repository. So again and just a reiterate for others on the call and just to make sure that there's clarity they

Scott Carruthers: Developer documentation strategy that Arthur from the Core team and myself came up with was So that there's one central repository, all developer documentation will live in the cordocs repository. And then there will be some modules in the node and provider an API repository is that will bring in relevant documentation.

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: For those repositories as sub-modules, but all the markdown files will live and cordocs repository. And again, other repositories will borrow from that for appropriate, documentation, based on Github sub-modules. So, the only thing that I wasn't entirely clear of in our prior conversation, and these regards is, it seems like for the purpose of language normalization and the ability to multi language support. If Hugo points to court the court docs repository, we don't have that issue. Right. Because that is

Joao Luna: Yeah, so when we're talking about developer documentation, we are not talking about the normal documentation that we already have. On â€¦

Scott Carruthers: the correct.

Joao Luna: So there are two types of the automated. Maybe I can bring the whiteboard here and hopefully this Works well. I'm not sure how to integration. With the whiteboard on Google Meets works. Are you able to somehow?

Joao Luna: Is not like a screen sharing of a whiteboard, right?

Scott Carruthers: I don't. Yeah I know I did that in Webex, I'm a lot but I've never done that in Google made. I'm not really Familiaro Whiteboarding and Google meet

Joao Luna: Okay, I just thought it would be, but maybe I can share my screen.

Joao Luna: Maybe it's just. Present.

Joao Luna: Sorry. Okay, sure.

Joao Luna: Terrible to see my screen.

Scott Carruthers: It's coming up.

Tyler Wright: It's coming up. Yeah. Yes.

Joao Luna: So this is kind of like what I was thinking about. let me know if it's the idea. You also had so, We would have the docs, which is basically that you go documentation, right? And then you would have the core logs repo.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Joao Luna: And the problem here is that on your side, you have a root folder, you have basically the content folder and then inside that Content folder, which is the root folder for all the content. You have one folder for each language that you support. So you currently have an English one. Let's say you would have a Portuguese one And the idea here, from what I understood was to have the core as a sub module. Here, right.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so So yeah, I'm glad you diagram this out so this is probably where the confusion was. So the docs repository that you're very familiar with and where They operator documentation that we're all familiar with which so currently, watch that a cost.network that documentation lives in the Dock repository. The developer documentation would live in the core docs repository. the docs repository is not using Some repository of cordocs.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Those are just two.

Joao Luna: also, maybe I'm not being cleared, but this is the new documentation. This is the new report that I migrated Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Joao Luna: So this would be two different repos, And the idea is to have the core as a whole separate.

Scott Carruthers: Correct.

Joao Luna: Documentation website, is it?

Scott Carruthers: And so this probably goes back to the conversation about is Hugo able to import from two repository. So these are two completely independent repository.

Joao Luna: Yes.

Scott Carruthers: So I thought we had validation. That Hugo was able to bring in so in the future docs at a Costa network and this is another conversation but eventually that would be a caution network slash dock. But irregardless of network for now. Would I thought we had validation that Hugo could bring in multiple for the current documentation operators,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: that would come from the Doc's repository and the developer documentation won't come from, the core docs repository,

Joao Luna: And then the strategy to achieve that is using the submodules. There's really no way like native to you, go to support remote repositorigmentation. So the workaround would be to use some modules that's where the

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: Then that's where our disconnect was. I thought we had a verification that Hugo was able to support For different pages or different sections of the documentation.

Joao Luna: Okay, maybe that was that. Because why I was proposing the modules was to achieve what we wanted to eat. You go remote reposâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Joao Luna: but because that's not the native solution to you go. We would have to use that. So maybe that'sâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Joao Luna: where the confusion was.

Scott Carruthers: in it. And it probably were the confusion came up as we were both talking about sub modules, but we were talking about some modules and different locations. I was talking.

Joao Luna: Exactly. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: That I was talking about There will be some modules from core docs into the node and provider and API repository. So there will be some module use but those are sub modules off of cordocs. I understand that you're saying with definity that Hugo is not able to support bringing in assets different repositories andâ€¦

Joao Luna: and now,

Scott Carruthers: you can only do that through sub module use Now. I understand, obviously, that's where they issue with Normalization comes from. So okay, I think probably at this point since we have a clear understanding of that, I Need to give some thought into how we're going to handle that or move forward. So yeah.

Joao Luna: Yeah, and the problem so I can continue on The problem with this approach is that it wouldn't really support localization because you only have a small,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Right. And

Joao Luna: you can submodel to the root of the content, you have to some module to One of these one.

Scott Carruthers: No, I completely understand that. what I wasn't following was I thought that we were going to be bringing in documentation directly from both the docs repository, and markdown files directly from the court repository.

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: And so, my confusion was why some modules, a limitation for the core docs repository, because we're Hugo should be pointing directly to court docs for that developer documentation. that I know that that's not possible on Hugo, I understand.

Joao Luna: And it's not possible. New, Of course, we maybe can think of a solution where we either have a script that goes through these people and generate static documentation or downloads them to the appropriate folder. But it would have to be done in continues integration or something. So It will have to be an automated process andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Joao Luna: maybe we can come up with the solution for this,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Joao Luna: but it's a whole feature, it's not supporting a table natively. Through Hugo, it's not impossible to do, it's just a native.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Understood. So I understand the limitation Hugo So yeah. We'll probably have to discuss this internally so obviously one strategy would be for developer documentation at least for the short term. We're not concerned about multiple language support. I'm not saying the best That's what we come to or the agreement that we come to. But obviously that's one possibility, but I think now knowing the limitations of Hugo, we just need to discuss this in the core team and decide what strategy we want to use. So I'm definitely clear on where the limitations are now.

Scott Carruthers: So yeah, I think with that Tyler, we can continue to discuss that internally when comparative move into the Other. Portions of the conversation.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely cool. Thank I was just taking some notes and adding some action items for again, internal conversation. We'll follow up Luna on next steps there with you, probably in discord and then figure out post strategize in the next month and The second item that I want to focus on today is just talk live. I know that Luna's here and so is Andre, I just want to talk live about a transfer of the container over to Andre Luna, is there anything? from a process standpoint that you need clarification on and getting that over to Andre so that Andre can Take next steps on again. Hosting it on Akash.

Joao Luna: And I think it's pretty straightforward. I think Andrey will find very Clear the path to decorate it. the script is already done. I think I have a shell script. It builds the image and he just has to push somewhere on their cash side, maybe. Na Taka Registry. And yes, another container is there is just creating an STL department. I think is pretty straight for process. I don't know if Andrea you have any particular questions but I think it's something that you build quite easily.

00:25:00

Andrey Arapov: I think the questions will follow after probably quite helpful.

Tyler Wright: From a coordination standpoint Luna, are you able to descend Andre everything he needs? You have all this contact information and where to send it.

Joao Luna: What do you mean? Sorry.

Tyler Wright: Do you have a way to contact Make sure that okay.

Joao Luna: yeah, we have already talked previously on discord, so yeah.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Excellent. So I'll just have this action. I am that you all. Will that lunaable again transfer anything from the Tax 2.0 process over to Andrey and then if Andre has any questions, he'll ask Luna and how they take documentation discord channel. Hopefully this should be any questions.

Tyler Wright: Cool from there. Andre I work with you to create a place where folks from the insiders and vanguards community can look at the Docs 2.0 site and be able to give real time feedback. I know that Luna has made it available than a demo during steering committee.

Joao Luna: If I think it's even online now,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I think a couple steering committee meetings ago, he He's made it available to folks andâ€¦

Joao Luna: I can change. You can check.

Tyler Wright: discord, but again, we're going to as after the made that upgrade. even prior. But we are going to allow folks to interact with the DOC site. They cannot be sharing any links. This is just for internal use only to Make sure that docs 2.0 is of a state where we all feel comfortable. So that when we do the migration sometime after the We will update links on the marketing side and then again we'll just redirect traffic from docs out of class dot network, to the new docs 2.0, That this SIG has been working at a cost on network slash docs.

Tyler Wright: So again, next exercise are, We'll Andrey will receive everything he needs of Luna. Andre will take it live on behalf of their cash community, with the specific that URL will be made available to folks in the Insider and the Vanguard Akash entire bank, our community to give feedback and test over a period of two weeks or three weeks. And then again, once things calmed down, remain an upgrade once folks have made sure that any collateral that has any of the whole documentation links has been updated, then again, we'll do the transfer from to Akasha Network, slash docs Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Is Satara, I wondered if we at least want to discussing and get on record that we've discussed the Github pages. questions that have been posed, so

Scott Carruthers: Do you want to try to frame that conversation or you want me to review that?

Tyler Wright: Can you review and I don't recall what you're talking about right now.

Scott Carruthers: I'm talking about that. A cop shot network website. is using Hugo and it's hosted on Github pages and it was asked why were

Tyler Wright: Yes yes,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. I mean do you want me to just frame that up andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Call out Scott.

Scott Carruthers: then you might some stuff that asâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah. We?

Scott Carruthers: okay, so I don't really know how much there is to discuss in this, but again, I just want to get it on record that it was discussed. since I brought up, I've had very little involvement in the network website, but when we are having internal discussion about the new documentation site, which offices also using Hugo, the point came up that currently the in Andy, you might be more familiar with this and have had a little more involvement. Would they cost that network website and s But it been brought up that Hugo site is currently hosted on Github pages.

Scott Carruthers: So the question was brought up, Why are we using different strategies here? if these are both Hugo sites, The net Network website is a Hugo site and the new documentation site is a Hugo site, Why are we hosting a network website? And get a pages? And we're planning to host the Hugo site for documentation site within a container, I assuming running as a cost deployment, I don't. So personally, I said, so I guess I'll just open that up for discussion. Like I said, very little involvement with the cost at network. I'm not really sure why we would prefer to host the documentation site and Github pages instead of in a container to me, The container makes sense. But obviously, it does make sense to me that we might want to have a consistent strategy. So again, just want to open that up for discussion to see if anybody had any thoughts.

00:30:00

Andrey Arapov: I just wanted to say that, I remember when I cast the pencil was running as a container and then it was switched out to run as a github. And I think Greg was switching it over and I said I'm sure why would be he wanted to ensure a better stability because the crash still kind of fresh and if you are running something in the cash, very running, a single okay deployment, meaning that whenever there is some long time goes down, and they don't come to containers on two different providers, more important sites as such as front on facing a car side. I believe that if you want to run it at least to just providers so they are old balanced and globe. Once you could be achieved through about Slayer, despite to

Andrey Arapov: Addresses of provider where it's running which deployment. And then if one is down and still up and running and we can set up the very using of time robot for monitoring deployments and it's very easy to meet or HD is the best employment so we can put there to all this is running on providers. And whenever one is down, For the clients, they will never noticed them the main patient down, but you always get an alert. So we need to bring up the other instance or to return the redundancy Deployments just like questions. And on program, I haven't heard of this one until this meeting, right? No idea what's been just under that one there,

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, it makes sense to me that we can just use, so that all makes sense that maybe Github pages is used for to ensure stability, but we should be able to achieve that relatively affectively and cloudfair with DNS round Robin and so, yeah. Makes sense.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah. just that, we can also kind of measure, because running on github, if it's easier in terms of updating pages, if there's no issue then maybe it's better to run there, just want to say that we don't know necessarily have to run everything or all the things in a caches because we want to run them in a cache. it's cool but that's up the management address. Once we are running doing success in Akash, we need to try the deployment sequences somewhere and specify some people do presentation explaining how it's deployed. So that whatever is down or if I'm on location but you can quickly deploy it and it will involve updating the most player and points can be automated. But again this could involve extraordical automating this kind of things which is also kind of beneficial and useful because we can then share is the community the way we approach.

Andrey Arapov: People solution for the simple Web page. So I kind of see present cons for both solutions. Probably maybe. I know kind of inside what direction we want. But currently as we are wanting to release a only network upgrade or a cash note and providers services, I believe that we should focus on that first and then we can actually create the network and providers and then plan this. So maybe you can Don't get up for now and then what create some ticket to track it to then move to Akash in proper ways, and current on the presentation. So on and so on. Do you think?

Scott Carruthers: Yes, the makes sense. Yeah, I don't.

Tyler Wright: Right.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. as you said, I think there's pros and cons to both. Obviously one pro of getting in putting in Github pages, would be consistency for the same approach that we're using for a cash out network. We'd be using for docs.co.network. But yeah, again there's pros and cons of each and obviously I love the idea of being able to promote that. We are running our own infrastructure and insights and a cost appointments.

00:35:00

Scott Carruthers: See how Tyler,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: I guess. I'm really sure as I think Andy and I'm sure anyone would agree? There's pros and cons to both. I don't really know where we want to take this From here. since there's pros and content on both sides, a decision could be made in either directions. So't do you have any thoughts on where we want to take this from here?

Tyler Wright: Yeah I understand what andrey's thing. I think that's in the short term with the main note upgrade, number of things being up, high priority, whatever we do will be done after the main net upgrade. and maybe a longer-term effort, it seems like Github pages might be

Tyler Wright: easier to use or is it still a build layer that is still manual even after commits are merged but If we were to move to deploying on a cash, we have to do, I'm sure some other steps to automate the process. Yeah. to be honest, I prefer their approach of running it on a cache and then being able to explain to folks about our process of the people can optimize building their own simple websites in a similar way. But stability is obviously the most important Luna from your standpoint. Was there any reason why you decided to Do a container versus, just keep everything and github pages. Just from a philosophical standpoint.

Joao Luna: Yeah. The idea was precisely to try to be run on macash. I think it would make sense. That's why I went with Containerization And yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yep. Okay.

Joao Luna: I ended up hosting at least the demo version. on GCP, but I couldn't run it on a cash. It's really just

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I would,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I would say in the short term, because of effort has already been done what this transfer the container, Let's talk about running it in a cache. I will set up some time either in a working group session, or maybe even because of the way that timing is going right now. Maybe the next SIG documentation meeting, that could be a talking point that we can rally focus on the community. I could bring up during steering committee, I can bring it up to books in the internal team and we can the epic conversation about how we want to move forward at the end of next month. if we want to keep everything github pages, if we want to move everything to a class network, or if we want to do a combination of both, which I don't think is the worst thing either. I seem like a fair plan for everyone here.

Tyler Wright: I saw some thumbs Cool. All right, I've noticed some action items. I get Scott, we'll talk in the Core team about a strategy around the Core developer documentation and where that can live so that we can again optimize the user experience for folks on the developer documentation side. And then Luna will work closely with Andrey to transfer the container over to Andrey's possession so that it can be set up as in a cash deployment. Andrey will ask any questions that he has of Luna there and then I'll work with Andre to set up. Again, a URL.

Tyler Wright: Or make sure that we have something that we can share with the insiders and their guards. So the folks can start looking at docs 2.0, giving feedback and making sure that everything's in tip top shape, so that we can do a clean transfer from to a constant network slash docs over the next month or so. And then again, I'll make sure that we have some internal conversations about Github pages versus making the website the Dock site and the cost appointment. We'll talk about strategies on how we can monitor and make sure that their stability with the cost appointment. But just talk about the pros and cons, we talked about this fall.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about that hasn't been talked about related to SIG documentation.

Tyler Wright: again I appreciate You fighting through technical difficulties and the busy day to get here, Shadow, Arthur for all that you do. I'm very thank you for joining in Scott. Always appreciate you and all that. You bring to big documentation and everything else when they passionate work. But everyone have a great day, much, appreciate every one of you.

Joao Luna: And have a great day. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, thank you.

Andrey Arapov: And you have a good one.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks around.

Meeting ended after 00:40:15 ðŸ‘‹
