# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #8

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86) discussion.
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Updates on documentation.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available).

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, September 26th, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://dknymsd25d4wo4gbxp6435niarkm3ugz7f6onipsi7r7aoghn72q.arweave.net/GpuGSHro-Wdwwbv9zfWoBFTN0Nn5fOah8kfj8DjHb_U)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrew Mello
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



## Notes

- Scott and Tyler talked about some changes to the provider documentation. To this point, there was separate documentation for setting up a CPU provider versus setting up a GPU provider. Many of the steps are the same, so Scott consolidated the documentation to make it easier to find during a users journey through the Akash Docs. These changes will be live soon.
- Scott mentioned that the Akash Sandbox is more stable, and documentation has been updated.
- Sandbox is for exploration and experimentation, and the core team wanted to make sure there was approriate supply, so the user experience is ideal for users.
- Andrew Mello mentioned that there needs to be some video guides that could add value to the docs site. He mentioned that he was interested in creating this content, and he would create a sample of what he was thinking to share with the rest of the docs special interest group.
- Tyler thanked Luna and the Quasarch team for the work that they did with the the [new docs](https://github.com/akash-network/new-docs).
- Tyler invited Luna to the next working group session for the akash website to talk about the docs and any other items.
- Tyler reiterated that the sig-docs is always looking for individuals who would like to write Akash documentation and earn AKT. Please feel free to reach out in the [sig-documentation discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1111760723463385159/1113084013419171840), if interested. 
 

### Action Items

- Andrew Mello to create a content plan for adding video references to the Akash Docs. 



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Just all right, welcome everybody. To special interest group for documentation on their class network. This special interest group talks about improving documentation, a new documentation changes to documentation on the Akash network. Over the past couple of months, a group has been formed to make a working group for Docs 2.0, which is included in migration of the documentation. From Get Book, over to Hugo, Luna and Equate, Search Team led. Those efforts in migrating much of the documentation over to again, Hugo and delivered that to the Overclock Labs team for management in a darker eyes file.

Tyler Wright: again that docs 2.0 but working group also continue to improve the structure and the layout of the documentation, and how the user flows through various parts of documentation site, so much, appreciate again, all the efforts of that working group, again, I believe that the Dockerized file has been passed over to the Overclock Labs team for management. So the Docs 2.0 Working Group has successfully completed their mission and again, continuing to move forward in this special interest group that meets monthly

Tyler Wright: Just want to. Again, remind everybody that if there are folks in the community that have some technical ability and want to contribute to documentation this work or this special interest group is open to all members of the community. So if anybody has any documentation that they want to, Again, feel free to Wright's, documentation, add in a PR and then again it'll get reviewed by folks in this special interest group and we'll be merged taken live. So again there is a need for more folks in the community to contribute to documentation. I know Scott has been leading those efforts in the past, but because the team is so small, again, there is a desire for more contribution from the community in updating and creating documentation.

Tyler Wright: So if anybody's interested, please feel free to message me or put a message in Big Ducks. Discord group.

Tyler Wright: Real quick before I open up to any discussion. there's some documentation that will be shared over the coming hours and discord most specifically. I know that Scott has been working on

Tyler Wright: Has been working on documentation as there is a validator upgrade happening tomorrow around 12 pm. If all things continue to push in the same direction, they are with that proposal. Again, there's a proposal right now that's up for vote for a small, validator upgrade Believe, that proposal is 231. And again, that upgrade will be happening tomorrow at 12:00 pm Eastern time 9:00 am Pacific time that documentation will be shared and discord a little bit later. So if anybody has any questions related to the validator upgrade happening tomorrow in the documentation associated with that, please feel free to leave a message in chat again when that documentation is available,

Tyler Wright: I know that Scott's and Andre and other members of the team have been working on some improvements to the provider documentation. So I know that again over the past week or so. I think there's been a number of changes and upgrades to the provider documentation for those that are Building Providers and Managing Providers on the Akash Network. Scott's, I know that you've had a big hand in many of those efforts. Is there anything that you want to mention specific to that documentation that's been updated.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, it hasn't been merged yet. But yes, the big update will be. as we're going through Testnet and as Mainnet launch, we wanted very concise instructions for those that want to bring GPU resources on to the network. And there's also, some divergence and steps of there's obviously some things involved and they provider build that are not relevant to A provider that is not hosting GPU resources, like Nvidia, drivers and runtime installs, and things like that. But now going out over time, it's not

Scott Carruthers: efficient for us to maintain two completely. Separate provider instructions and docsolutely. So anytime To be something like provider version update, missing air prone to have to make those updates in both spots. So, I've going through the process of converging, the provider instructions, and A existing provider instructions, and I pretty much have Completed. I think it's a very seamless process now where someone's not gonna have to jump back and forth between documents? there's some optional stuff for GPU providers that Non-gpu providers can just skip over. So, I've pretty much completed it. But as with anything before actually published documentation, I like to actually run through the instructions myself to make sure there's no,

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: Errors. So over the next 24 to 48 hours, I should be able to complete that testing and then I'll merge That new provider documentation. So again, it's not really anything. All that new. It's just kind of convergent of disparate documents at this point, but anybody in this gone through the process, will still look very, very familiar.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Scott by clarification.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other documentation that you've been working on over the past month or so that you think is worth noting and sharing with members as a team and folk that'll be listening in later?

Scott Carruthers: I mean, primarily it over the last month, that's may not upgrade documentation and the stuff that I previously. Mentioned with. GPU provider documentation. I just send out a announcements to the insiders, the occasion ciders today so that they can distribute the message we're now bringing in the Akash sandbox and to

Scott Carruthers: Were now opening the Akash sandbox for use across. All different types of new user. Onboarding and experimentation. So we're no longer going to have to provide faucet manually. Divyo 20 Akt for initial user experimentation, so we're just going to be using the sandbox. Solely for those purposes. So the sandbox has been around for a while but We have to wait full client support for it. And now the Akash console and Cloud must deploy both support sandbox. And we also obviously needed to ensure that there was sufficient.

Scott Carruthers: Capacity on sandbox providers for new users to not give them a bad first experience and we've now completed all those items there's sufficient capacity on the providers. We believe we'll have to monitor that over time but we Believe there's sufficient capacity and now all clients support it. So that was another documentation that I Just announced this morning. And yeah, that's main Upgrade GPU providers, and sandbox documentation, or we'll come to mind since our last

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Does anyone else have any Comments, thoughts about cost augmentation that they want to bring up right now?

Tyler Wright: is there any? Glaring. I know that some folklines call, our also involved in the insiders communities or anything that might need updating that you all see on the community side or The insiders when you're supporting folks and discord and elsewhere, that might need some clarification. Be a documentation for folks that are using it.

Joao Luna: From my side. Nothing that I found yet.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Mello: Good morning, everyone. Can you hear me? Okay, great.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Andrew Mello: So I just wanted to confirm I know a ways in a whiles back we had in a multiple paths for provider builds and it seems that we are now fully in helm charts is the default path. that's what I understand. I just like to bring up a little clarification around kind of the layout of things and the high level is that our documentation still seems to push us.

Andrew Mello: Through a variety of potential like provider pads and it just high level, note here. It might be nice to kind of dial in and focus in on those helm charts as that default path. Because right now, when you go to the Providers tab and build a cloud provider, it's still the original 45 minute fullcade s cluster, through that kind of path without the helm charts as being the focus there. So I just want to bring that up and I'm sure it's something that Scott is aware of. But yeah, just make things a little bit easier for people.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you very much, Andrew for that perspective, and I'll stop.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else documentation wise that anybody wants to cover?

Joao Luna: I would like to ask regarding the migration for the tudoro.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I just want to Go ahead then. Yes.

Joao Luna: Maybe that's a subject we can touch on.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Joao Luna: So, what's the progress? Have you done anything with The docker image. that was migrated is it's still on the backlog To do.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so over the next week and even by weekend weeks, and that Docker image will be live on Akash with a specific URL that could be tested. And We'll share that out with the insider community over the next maybe 10 to 15 days for people to give feedback on the structure and path. There's still some discussion happening, unrelated to the docs around Hugo as

Tyler Wright: a building block resource that will be used for the website. I think you could see that there was a website revamp proposal that went through as a part of that proposal. There is some discussion on whether or not Hugo is a better option than potentially Astro. There's not been a conclusion made but basically, whatever happens. the front end structure of how the experience kind of looks and feels the work that was done by a doctor 2.0 would not change. The only thing that potentially would change would be if you go is

Tyler Wright: not geared to support, both developer documentation. The current a user documentation Ass show, might be able to do a better job of that and some other elements related to the blog and some other things. So there's a working group Akash website session happening on Thursday where we're going to get an update on Astro versus Hugo. and then again following that conversation will either Take the documentation sites out of docs 2.0, that Luna you an equation. Worked on live for again, feedback from the insiders by Friday or This week based upon the decision that's made amongst other cash website group.

Joao Luna: Okay, got it.

Tyler Wright: Anyone else have any questions?

Tyler Wright: About that or anything else tax related.

Tyler Wright: One other thing. Again, I think I mentioned this at the top of the call, but this dig is looking for folks that want to contribute to writing, new documentation, Scott who's been leading efforts on documentation for a long time. Needs to be focusing on other things core to the product and so the goal is to continue to push him towards those things, which means we're really going to need folks from the community to step up and contribute to at least developing phase one of new documentation. It can always be edited by folks, like anybody on this call that might be able to edit and test out the documentation before again, it gets merged. But if you all see anybody in the community, that's get looking to contribute and you see that there will be rewards, and potentially again, monthly, rolling down teeth for folks that

Tyler Wright: Want to contribute to documentation on a consistent basis. Go ahead and

Andrew Mello: Yeah, so just could you clarify it there a little bit, Tyler? What? The purpose is, obviously there's a lot of existing documentation, Are you looking to expand that documentation into specific directions? I heard the word rewrite there, out of nowhere. I mean Could you clarify a little bit what that is? And then second point is this only covering written documentation, my opinion is there's a bit of a blind side here with video documentation missing especially in 2023. So just to question there, if you could clarify that a bit and then that would help me know if I could somehow help out or get involved in direction.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so I think to start, as it retains to the word rewriting of documentation. I believe that the documentation is in a great position right now. But there are always times when as Scott maybe mentioned at the top of the call where the documentation is a little bit out of date because version change, there's upgrades that happen so maybe the definitely not rewriting documentation from The beginning. But always updating documentation, says as things change or writing of new documentation is new features present themselves on the network. So a lot of the efforts that Scott has done in the past, where new features have come on again. Now, there's a sandbox environment for folks to test those features Scott had to

Tyler Wright: I had to go through and test all the features write documentation for folks that are going to be levity, news teachers, like ipleases persistent storage again upgrades, etc. So as we continue to move forward as a special interest group, and as a cost continues to evolve, there's a desire for more people to get involved in the process of writing. Some of that documentation in terms of video guides, there is a consensus amongst folks in the working group of cosh website that video guides are very much needed democus from the community has worked on a couple of video guides on how to deploy specific things on a console and cloudmose, as well as using the CLI Andrew, If you would like to have a discussion about what kind of video content you with to contribute or you think needs to be added to the state documentation. I would love for you to throw any.

Tyler Wright: Questions in discord and then put an associated. This is how much it will cost me to create this content and this SIG there's dollars it's going to Akt available. That's this. Special interest group can pull from if it makes sense. So,

Andrew Mello: And just to give you full clarity on what I meant by the video stuff, the Akash network YouTube last video was published three months ago and the last one before that, looks like eight months ago. That would be a great place to just, start building a documentation playlist and having our channel have updated videos, weekly or whatnot, just to keep subscribers, just to keep people interested. Even if it is just videos going into a, documentation playlist. But, it's so creating content and it's so putting it out there for people to engage, watch and share.

Tyler Wright: Andrew, I can't agree with you more. So I think this is a great idea. I would hope that again, I know that you're working a number of things, but if you have time, if you could throw in the SIG, documentation discord channel and idea of maybe one or two videos that you would like to start with. And again, What a desired reward for that would be and we can continue to move from there.

Andrew Mello: Yeah, what I'll do is I'll model out a little sample schedule for what a quarter or so would look like ideally again in these social media platforms. You really really want consistency because without it you're not triggering the algorithms at all, you don't get them excited or alive by, huge gaps of time. So consistency is really important and that's what I'll ideally come back with for a video schedule for some documentation.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Does anyone else have any discussions or anything else that they want to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Okay, if not then again, much enjoyed the conversation today. Luna, if you want, please feel free to join that working group of cost, websites on Thursday and here live kind of what's going on and how it affects stocks 2.0 again much. Appreciate all the work that quesar shame is done on Dock 2.0 in helping migrate again, the documentation from Get book, but also helping with the structure as we continue to improve. And just again focus on user experience for folks. But again, much appreciate everybody on this call notes, will follow. Please let me know if you have any other questions and feel free to leave any comments thoughts or concerns inside the SIG documentation discord.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: there is a Syrian committee meeting rather happening on Thursday. look after that. And also some other special interest groups happening this week. So, again, much, apprecious, much appreciate everybody has a great rest of the day. Talk soon.

Andrew Mello: So yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Joao Luna: My thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:22:19 ðŸ‘‹

