# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #10
## Agenda
- Update on Documentation
- Docs 2.0 Effort

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, October 24th, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://j7umqwzmkiglhuckkezav7c2rbh4cirv4d2nrjophespxwsjqtxa.arweave.net/T-jIWyxSDLPQSlEyCvxaiE_BIjXg9Nilzzkk-9pJhO4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Dimokus
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Samuel Walker
- Joao Luna
- Tyler Wright

## Metting Notes

### Docs 2.0 effort
#### Tyler: 
- Appreciated the work done by Luna and the Quasarch team.
- Mentioned Piyush and his team's involvement in optimizing the efforts and the availability of the repository.
- Mentioned that the [repository is now public](https://github.com/akash-network/new-docs) for everyone's access.
- Highlighted the work done by Quasarch in the migration from Gitbook to Hugo and optimization of the structure.
- Discussed ongoing efforts related to optimizing docs 2.0.
- Mentioned that these efforts are being passed to Piyush and the website revamp team for completion.
- Highlighted that Scott has been working on technical documentation for developers focusing on the Akash network code base.
- Announced the inclusion of this documentation in multiple places, specifically in the docs 2.0 site for accessibility by developers.
- Noted that this documentation targets those developing and building on top of Akash.

### Call for Additional Contributors to Documentation
#### Tyler: 
- Discussed the need for additional contributors to create, edit, and update documentation.
- Mentioned that Scott had led this effort with support from Andre, but Scott's focus has shifted more towards the Engineering Core team and Overclock Labs.
- Encouraged community members to contribute to technical documentation following the structure laid out by Scott.
- Highlighted that there are rewards available for those contributing to documentation.
- Noted that Scott has many responsibilities within Overclock Labs, making community support essential for maintaining and improving documentation.

### Consideration of Video Documentation
#### Tyler: 
- Mentioned the recent monthly meeting where video documentation was a significant topic of discussion.
- Noted that while there is substantial written documentation on Akash and elsewhere, there is a growing demand for video documentation.
- Highlighted the ongoing work by Andre on videos related to deploying stable diffusion.
- Mentioned that other community members have expressed interest in creating video guides or tutorials for specific tasks to be included on the documentation pages.
- Indicated that this has been a focal point of discussion within the group for documentation over the last month or two.

### Update on Documentation
####  Scott Carruthers:
- Shared an update on new documentation.
- Mentioned that new documentation has been relatively light due to necessity.
- Highlighted the addition of documentation on stable payment deployments.
- Explained that the stable payment process is currently somewhat cumbersome but has been simplified by conducting all actions within Leap Wallet.
- Anticipated the introduction of 'taker forwarding' to further streamline the process.

### Support for Sandbox
####  Scott Carruthers:
- Discussed the recent shift in supporting the use of the sandbox for new user experimentation.
- Noted that significant resources are now available for using the sandbox as the preferred method for new user experimentation.
- Highlighted that manual processes for supplying new users with Akt, faucets, have faced challenges due to fraud protection measures.
- Mentioned that there have been weekly requests for minor edits in the documentation, which have been addressed.

### Whitelisting Changes on Sandbox
- Tyler asked Scott about the requirement for whitelisted wallet addresses for users of the sandbox.
- Scott explained that the requirements for using the sandbox have changed.
- Scott mentioned that the whitelisting requirement has been temporarily removed.
- Scott clarified that users currently do not need to be on the address whitelist to use the sandbox.
- Scott indicated that while the current guardrails have been lifted, there may be the need for additional safeguards in the future.
- Scott discussed potential policies to address abuse, such as workloads running for extended periods.

### Leap Wallet and Documentation Needs
- Denis inquired about the possibility of deploying with Leap Wallet through Cloudmos.
- Denis mentioned that he had heard positive feedback about Leap Wallet and was interested in its deployment capabilities.
- Scott responded that people who have used Leap Wallet often find it to be a superior experience.
- Scott noted that the Cloudmos team has been looking at adding Leap Wallet support, and it may already be in place or close to being implemented.
- Denis suggested the need for an additional section in the documentation to cover tokens and wallets, particularly Leap Wallet.
- Scott agreed that once Leap Wallet support is in place and tested, documentation would be necessary.

### Other Matters Discussed 
- Samuel inquired about developer guidelines related to documentation and any specific standards to follow when submitting PRs.
- Tyler asked Scott if there are established guidelines or standards for developer documentation.
- Scott responded that there are no strict guidelines for developer documentation.
- Scott suggested looking at the structure and layout of existing documentation for reference.
- Scott mentioned that there might be some initial back and forth when submitting a PR for documentation, but the process usually becomes smoother.

## Action Items
- Group to continue to update and improve documentation.
- Group to make Leap Wallet documentation available.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG, documentation monthly meeting number nine, I believe. Or Number 10, During these special interest groups for documentation the group gets together and talks any you recommendation on the Akash network talks about documentation updates, Denis, who's been in the background? I know there's some work happening across multiple CIGS and working groups. Right now, with the Working Group of Cash website, taking on some of the efforts of the front, end of the documentation site. Luna, and the quasarch team did a great job of

Tyler Wright: of migrating, some of the documentation from Getbook. And now, it's, again, open source that they have it on Hugo. Those efforts are not going to be in vain, as again, a lot of work has been done by Luna and the Price Arch team so much appreciate their efforts. What's happening now is again Piyush and his team that are working on the revamp of the website are going to be taking the efforts and just optimizing them that repository is available. Here, I'll drop it in. It was private for some time but now it's public. So again, everybody should have access to win. This is again the work from Quasarch and a. on their efforts on the migration and optimization of the structuring

Tyler Wright: So again, there's been some efforts happening for a number of docs meetings related to optimizing docs 2.0. And again, those efforts are being passed now to piyush and the website revamp team to get those over the line. As there's going to be a revamped website coming very soon.

Tyler Wright: In addition, some of those efforts that Scott has been working on in the background that have been talked about in SIG documentation over, a number of meetings are going to be added in number of places. Again, Some of the documentation is going to be brought in to the docs 2.0 site and made accessible for developers. Scott Carruthers, who's on this call, has been working on a number of pieces of documentation for developers. For more technical folks that dive deeper into the Akash network, the code base. And again, is designed more for folks that are developing building on top of Akash and so that documentation will be shared very soon. But again, Scott has done a lot of work there and that documentation will be leveraged both on the dockside and a number of other places that focus on developer experience and developer getting started.

Tyler Wright: So much appreciated Scott and his efforts there.

Tyler Wright: One other thing that were looking for is additional people that want to create edit and update documentation in the past, it's been an effort. That's been led by Scott with support from Andre. Andre is going to continue to stay involved in documentation, Scott, a little bit here and there, but with Scott's increased need and presence in the Engineering Core team and overclock labs, and is desire and his need to be heads down with engineering efforts. Again, we are asking for more folks in the community, to be able to contribute to documentation. And even if there is a language barrier, again, some of this documentation is very technical and the structures already been laid out by Scott. So, it's just about creating PRS and then again, whether it be internally, or again, members of the community, we can find folks that kind of edit and optimize those

Tyler Wright: trees. Damir. Go ahead. I know you had your hand up.

Damir Simpovic: No, you answered my question. So, Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. And again there are rewards available for those that want to help contribute to documentation because it is certainly a need as many folks on this call know that are involved in discord and helping new and existing users interact with the Akash network. But again with Scott already wearing so many hats within the Overclock Labs organization. Now on being more heads down on engineering we're certainly calling upon the community to step up a little bit more and be able to provide some support in developing existing documentation, and making updates where they see where it needed.

Tyler Wright: Anyone have any questions about any of those next steps? Again, if anybody wants to feel free to drop a message in SIG, documentation and we can take it from there, or, you can feel free to DM me as well.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Cool out of the last monthly meeting. One of the big topics. I was discussed by a member. That's not here. Currently today was video documentation. I know that again there's a great written documentation both on a docs out of cash on network, as well as elsewhere. But there was a call for folks that maybe

Tyler Wright: Respond to have some more video documentation on how to do specific things. I know that Andre has been working on some videos related to deploying stable, diffusion in eight minutes or less. But again, other community members have talked about the idea of potentially creating video guides or video tutorials for specific things that can go on the documentation pages. So, that's something that we can talk more about async but that's something that's been top of mind for folks, in this special interest group for documentation over the last month or two.

Tyler Wright: other than that,

Tyler Wright: Scott, I know that you have been working documentation adjacent and hopefully less and less. So over time. So we can rely on more people from the community. Is there anything on the new documentation side that maybe is worth talking about? Or does anybody on this call have anything that they want to ask about documentation wise? I'll start with you Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I knew doumentation. I'm going to share my screen. So new documentation has definitely been. Pretty light, just out of necessity. It hasn't really been that much so they only ones that I can think of that have been added since our last SIG documentation meeting is stable payment deployments. So this is

Scott Carruthers: a processes a little bit cumbersome right now. We've made it as less cumbersome as possible by doing everything within leap wallet. I'm so doing transfer of to Usdc and A leap wallet and then doing the IBC transfer all within Leap wallet is going to be introducing something called taka forwarding soon that it's gonna make this process, even less cumbersome. So again if someone was really interested in stable payments it's definitely possible today obviously, both from SDL perspective so we documented the inclusion of stable payments in SDL documentation several weeks ago. And then in the last couple weeks out of this stable, payment deployment, documentation, there were some bugs and leapball that we had to Wait for ratification before I could publish After the last meeting at upgrade. But those are solved. So again.

Scott Carruthers: I don't think it's incredibly cumbersome, but it's a little bit cumbersome. Using stable payments today but I will just become easier and easier. Over time. so, that's probably the biggest documentation addition, since our last session the other one is not Necessarily an addition, but more just a shifts. and as I announced to insiders in Vanguards, over the last several weeks were now, supporting sandbox. We have a significant enough resources to use the sandbox as our preferred method for new user experimentation, which is obviously great taking away some of the manual efforts of Supplying new users with Akt, fossil hasn't been working for a while because of fraud protection necessities. So it's been a manual process to get users started. But now we have enough resources in sandbox again to Love this. Be our

Scott Carruthers: Suggested method for experimentation. So I shifted the sandbox documentation from periment Now into the production, Documentation under deployments. I think that's and obviously there's been weekly. There's some requests that come up for minor edits. I'm sure there's been some of that over the last several weeks, as well, but I think those two documentation ads are the only real significant additions.

Scott Carruthers: That days here. Someone has their hand up.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, Scott quick question on the sandbox front or is there still a requirement for whitelisted wallet, addresses for folks that are using the sandbox? Sorry if this is common knowledge and I just didn't read

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and so We're gonna. Start a gauge. How sandbox is used over the upcoming weeks and months we took the safeguards off those guardrails off of the white listing for now. So no directly answer the question. You don't need to be on the address whitest about to use this sandbox currently. So those guardrails have been removed to remove some of the friction and new users getting started. There's also other safeguards in guardrails that we might need to put into place eventually as time goes on. So the most prominent or obvious one is potentially, if we see some abuse from mining activity and other kinds of activities, we may need to put in policies in place where

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: workloads that are running for more than 24 hours or 48 hours or whatever. That threshold would be automatically removed in Kubernetes. We haven't seen that kind of abuse of people trying to run long running persistent workloads yet. So we're not putting those guardrails in place on day one, but we may need to if possible, we couldn't reenact the address white listing and the duration of deployment workloads in the future, but we don't find any for those guardrails currently.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, Scott. Thank you very much.

Scott Carruthers: Sure.

Tyler Wright: One other thing I go ahead, Denis.

Denis Lelic: Sorry was muted one. Quick thought regarding the wallet. I know Kepler has been kind of like our to wallet but I've been hearing a lot of good things about the leap wallet.

Denis Lelic: Is there, I'm not really sure if it's possible to deploy with it through cloudmose. I haven't tried it.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. So Yes,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Because I don't.

Scott Carruthers: we would agree that I think people that have used leap wallet find it to be a superior experience. So, I would have to go back and check. I know that the cloud most team was looking at adding leak wallet support. And I think it actually might already be in place or there's a PR in place, that's eminent.

Denis Lelic: Know.

Scott Carruthers: So, it's either possible today or will be possible and then your future to use leap wallet and cloud most for deployment purposes. So yeah, we completely agree. We would prefer to I'm altered sleep. Well,

Denis Lelic: So let's then we would need something like, additional section at the documentation for we were talking about tokens and wallets, Like something for the leap wallet.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah as soon as it's in place and tested it ready.

Denis Lelic: Cool.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah we'll definitely need some documentation around. Leapball is yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's it for my side.

Tyler Wright: Good call out. good color.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other documentation from anybody that's working with people in the community or anything else that might need updating or any other documentation? Anybody wants to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: Who. again if there's nothing else then I can certainly cut this short to manage folks time from folks that are in the insiders. And vanguards please spread the word that we're certainly interested in folks that want to contribute to documentation. There are Akt rewards available for folks that want to contribute to documentation. So, feel free to reach out to me or feel free to throw a message and sing documentation if you want to help. Again, there are folks in the community are thinking about video guides. So again, if anybody wants to contribute to those conversations or contribute to developing those guys, feel free to drop a message documentation as well. On top of that. Again, Scott mentioned, all the documentation that's going to be updated or excuse me, has already been updated and when

Tyler Wright: Leap wallet available for folks that will be made available as well. The documentation will be updated as well. Is there anything else? I know that we got a couple of new folks here, we've been talking about some of Scott went over. Some of the changes that have been reflected in the current SIG documentation. We talked at a high level about Scott Carruthers, who's been leading efforts through support and has been doing a line share The documentation over last year has moved more into an engineering role within the Overclock Labs Core team. So we're really hoping that more people from the community want to step up and want to potentially earn Akt, rewards to help, write new documentation update, current documentation or see where again documentation can be improved and help support the documentation is open source. So we've been talking about again, getting more contributions.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: The community there. And again, we also talked about, there was an effort from the quasarch team.

Tyler Wright: For many of the special interest groups and the spring and early summer around Docks 2.0 the efforts around the Dock 2.0 which makes improves the user experience around documentation has been passed off to Piyush and his team that are working on the website revamp. So, all that documentation that is now on Docs.com network will be moved to a network slash docs and is being optimized by Piyush and his team. So that again we can continue to optimize the user experience for those that are new and existing users that are trying to do different things from set up providers with ipleases, persistent storage or trying to deploy different kinds of workloads on Again, we have a great community of folks that is live and giving real-time feedback in discord, telegram and elsewhere, but we want to have the documentation, be a resource that people can, start and continue their own journeys.

Tyler Wright: Something else that's also been talked about is adding videos to the docs for specific items. So maybe their best way of understanding is not through reading but maybe through video tutorials again. There's some folks in the community that are putting together some pitches and putting together, some examples of the kind of video that we want to have live on the documentation and in you and on YouTube, And then finally, again, we talked a little bit about leap wallet, which is something that's coming to the Akash network, it may live right now on cloud most. And once it's been tested by the internal team again, there will be some documentation added to docs out of cashnet.network. That will reflect how to use leapball, how to set that up and how to deploy using the wallet.

Tyler Wright: Does anybody new or existing to this call? Have any questions or comments about anything documentation related that they want to talk about?

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Samuel Walker: Hey I'm new sorry about that. I'm leading you I think a nice thingâ€¦

Tyler Wright: You're?

Samuel Walker: which you will I am looking and have been kind of working with some of the documentation even to get my own kind of clusters. I've got my own stuff set up this morning on the main thing.

Samuel Walker: Work meeting that had to do. So I guess based on that, are there developer guidelines related to your method of documenting things, or just kind of add things as any kind of standards have to follow when many these PRS.

Tyler Wright: It's a great question. Scott. I know you've been leading a lot of efforts. Is there any specific guidelines that you put in place when you're thinking about documentation that we can share with the community?

Scott Carruthers: I want to really say that for our developer documentation at docs datacos.network, I want to really say that there's any established guidelines other than obviously, you could just look at the structuring and the layout of existing documentation. But no, I want to really say that there's any hard guidelines. So, Just it may be a process where if you submit your first PR for a documentation ad, there may be some back and forth with some suggestions on maybe based on your review of the documentation site. You might pretty much now at the first time if not, maybe there'll be some initial back and forth and then probably going forward will be even easier process. But aside from looking at the documentation examples, on our documentation side, there's really not any additional. Guidelines are schema for our documentation.

Samuel Walker: And I said, Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, sure.

Tyler Wright: Again, Sam, if you have any other questions, feel free to drop them in SIG, documentation, or if you want to get more involved in writing documentation, feel free to reach out to me. I'm Tyler at Core team or I think you've been working with Andy, but I know there's a number of people in the community that can help point you in the right direction of next steps.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Other than that, is there anything else documentation related to anybody wants to discuss at this time?

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, we can certainly end this call early. We try to be conscious of people's times but a much appreciate everybody for joining and participating. Today we got some clear action items and again Samuel look at those PRS and then hopefully we can get more engaged with you over the next month and talk a little bit more about contributing. Damir. I know that you've talked about other ways in which it contribute. So hopefully we can get contributions on the documentation side, amongst many other things that you all do.

Tyler Wright: If there's any other updates related to documentation as it retains to the Akash website, we'll make sure that those get dropped in the special interest group for docs So that folks, on this, call in this group, can kind of see the folks that aren't here, can kind of see the updates on what's going on with the Site. And then we can certainly go from there. I think we got someone else joining who also is from the website group as well. But again, if there's nothing else. Hey, Arthur we were about to wrap up this call. We talked about everything documentation related, including some things with the website Is there anything specifically docs related that you want to cover today before we let folks go

Tyler Wright: Arthur. If you have anything that you want to talk about, that's where they feel free to drop it in discord and we can go from there. But again, much appreciate everyone's time today. yeah, we'll talk certainly between meetings online and please, we'll look out for some more documentation updates when Leapball is available. But again, if anybody has any desire to support documentation, feel free to continue, coming to these meetings, and make yourself known in discord, so that we can talk offline and figure out where documentation updates are needed. And again, put some Akt rewards behind it. But much. Appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you, Sam, for the context on some of the work that you've been doing over the last day or so, again, if anybody has any questions comments about anything, UX related documentation, or otherwise, feel free to continue to drop those in SIG, documentation. We can talk about those during these

Tyler Wright: meetings every month. Hope everyone has a great day, Appreciate everyone's time. Today. We'll talk online. Thank you very much.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:23:13 ðŸ‘‹

