# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #11

## Agenda
- Update on Documentation.
- Docs 2.0 Effort.
- Community and Support Contributions on Documentation.
- Discussions Video Documentation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, November, 28 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://na7gjhjowrrxc37tzk76rixczxf4st6b3rjpfjrzktiln7yxuckq.arweave.net/aD5knS60Y3Fv88q_6KLizcvJT8HcUvKmOVTQtv8XoJU)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- TG (Thomas Greco )
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Metting Notes

### Community Involvement in Documentation
##### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler opened the meeting by emphasizing the purpose of monthly documentation meetings: reviewing new documentation, addressing necessary changes, and discussing documentation handled in the past year.
- Scott has been actively involved in both support and documentation to ensure the shared information aligns with community needs.
- The group aims to broaden the community effort in tackling documentation, encouraging more participation in creating and revising documentation.
- Recent discussions have centered around "Docs 2.0," an initiative to further enhance the structure of documentation. Scott has played a pivotal role in managing this initiative, supported by other team members.
- Tyler shared positive progress, noting contributions from community members, including insiders and vanguards, particularly focused on Leap Wallet documentation.
- Emphasis on ongoing efforts to encourage more contributions from the community.
- Introduction of documentation bounties as an incentive for community members interested in contributing.
- Details to be clarified in the coming week, with a clear explanation provided in the Akash network documentation repository.
- Operational process outlined: Open contributions will be reviewed by the core team for functionality and checked for typos. Approved pull requests (PRs) will be merged, and contributors will receive payouts.
- Tyler emphasized the need to fine-tune the process for clarity, with details to be documented in the repository.
- Planning for the next steps involving key members attending the meeting, who have shown interest in contributing to documentation.
- Aim to collaborate on laying out the specifics and next steps for community involvement.


### Discussions on Merging Technical and Developer-Focused Documentation
##### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler provided an update on the website and documentation page, [sharing a link](https://akash-network.vercel.app/docs) to the staging website for the community to review.
- Structural changes discussed in previous Sig Documentation and Docs 2.0 meetings have been implemented by Scott, Luna, and other community members.
-  Piyush and his team at Human HQ are actively involved in migrating documentation to the updated URL (akash.network/docs).
- Design decisions for the docs on the website are still pending, and a link to the staging website was shared for participants to review.
- Stakeholders were expected to discuss design decisions during the meeting, but due to their absence, a follow-up conversation will be scheduled.
- Two distinct user experience items discussed:
  - Documentation for users interacting with Akash Network (deployment, becoming a provider, validation, etc.).
  - Engineering documentation for those building applications and contributing to the core code base.
- Challenge identified in merging technical engineering documentation with user-focused documentation.
- Participants encouraged to brainstorm and share thoughts in the Sig Documentation Discord Channel for follow-up discussions.


### Layout of Specific Documentation (Docs 2.0)
##### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler introduced the second point of conversation, focusing on the layout of specific documentation on the website.
- Noted that there was a previous agreement on the structure during Docs 2.0 discussions, but there seems to be differing opinions as the website revamp progresses.
- Described the historical changes: from long continuous pages, to steps and sub-pages, and the potential thought of returning to longer scroll pages with a side menu.
- Raised two user experience items for discussion:
   - Long Continuous Scroll: A single long page with steps, using a side menu for navigation.
   - Step-by-Step Pages: Each step on a separate page, as currently implemented.


### Community and Support Contributions on Documentation
##### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler addressed the importance of community involvement, support, and contributions on the documentation site.
- Emphasized the goal for increased community contributions in 2023 and moving into 2024.
- Operational guidelines for community contributions will be outlined soon, aligning with the new website structure.
- Identified areas for community involvement:
   - Review and Improvement: Community members to review current documentation, identify areas for improvement, and suggest changes.
   - Additions to Existing Documentation: Opportunities for adding small items to documentation based on user interactions and community needs.
   - Creation of New Documents: Community members encouraged to create entirely new documents, such as guides for new wallets or other tools.

### Discussions on Video Documentation
##### Tyler Wright: 
- Tyler discussed the community's desire for video documentation as an alternative learning style.
- Emphasized the goal of creating more video documentation accessible through YouTube, blogs, or the Akash website.
- Called for community involvement in video documentation and suggested dropping suggestions or issues in the Sig Documentation or support repository.
- Introduced the idea of preliminary bounties for specific documentation tasks, especially for areas identified by community members.
- Acknowledged the ongoing effort to determine the bounty structure and costs for different documentation tasks.
- Encouraged community members to provide input on the operational aspects and potential costs associated with documentation efforts.
- Mentioned that Andre, Zach, and himself would review documentation contributions, outlining the need for strict standards.
- Quality standards discussed, including guidelines for high-quality screenshots and specific formatting for code blocks in the new website structure.
- Tyler highlighted the importance of clear and structured documentation due to contributors coming from diverse backgrounds and language proficiencies.
### Incorporating Video Documentation
- TG suggested the idea of having video documentation corresponding to written documentation pages, providing an alternative learning style.
- Tyler and Scott expressed support for the idea, considering video content on the same page as written documentation.
- Scott highlighted historical challenges in storing and organizing different versions of video content.
- The suggestion of including video links within the written documentation was considered a favorable path forward.
- The discussion emphasized the importance of having a cohesive place to store and organize videos, with a potential solution being video links on the documentation site.
- Zach pointed out the significance of having videos in documentation and emphasized the opportunity to build out the Akash YouTube channel as a technical resource.
- Zach outlined the goal of organizing the YouTube channel into sections for different technical topics, creating a comprehensive resource for users.
- Tyler expressed agreement with the goal of building a technical component on the YouTube channel, seeing it as a way to enhance the overall user experience.
- Rodrigo mentioned existing videos by community members, suggesting the addition of a "Tutorials" tab under the "Resources" section for easier access.
- Tyler agreed with Rodrigo's suggestion, emphasizing the need to ensure accessibility and visibility of video content.
- The discussion highlighted the conservative effort to introduce steady bounties for video content, with ongoing fine-tuning of the operational process.

### Preference for Chatbots and Quick Information Retrieval
- Scott highlighted the importance of considering how people prefer to consume content, acknowledging the shift towards video documentation and the use of tools like Chat GPT.
- Emphasized the significance of quick and easy information retrieval, possibly altering the way documentation is written.
- Scott mentioned the ongoing efforts in creating effective paths for quick and concerted options of the documentation site.
- Discussed the impact of emerging technologies, such as Chat GPT, on the writing and presentation of documentation.
- Zach expressed agreement with the importance of adapting documentation for future consumption methods.
- Tyler emphasized the need for tracking and making adjustments over time, considering the evolving landscape of content consumption.

### Other Matters Discussed
- TG congratulated the team on the seamless upgrade process, completing the upgrade in under five minutes.
- Tyler expressed gratitude for validator and community support, highlighting ongoing efforts to improve the upgrade process.
- Tyler encouraged participants to think about potential contribution opportunities, considering the impact, time, and preferred methods of contribution.
- Tyler call for feedback in Discord on user experience decisions to finalize documentation for the new website.
- Acknowledged ongoing work to finalize the documentation structure for contributions.

## Action Items
- Tyler to Clarify details of documentation bounties and update the documentation repository.
- Tyler to arrange a follow-up conversation, potentially on Discord, to discuss the two separate user experience items.
- Group to determine the optimal user experience for distinct sets of documentation.
- Group to continue refining the operational structure for community contributions to documentation.
- Group to continue refining the strategy for incorporating video documentation into key areas of the Akash documentation.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: During these documentation monthly meetings the group goes over any new documentation that's been created any documentation that is necessary or any documentation changes. That need to be made previously through much of last year and through the first half of this year a line share. The documentation has been handled by Scott Carruthers who's on this call. He is one of the core Engineers that has had to do a fair amount of Support over time and also documentation to make sure that a lot of again think that we're sharing with the community are working properly. As he is a continued to get more involved in engineering efforts and core code efforts. It's been more of

Tyler Wright: A goal of this group to have more of a community effort in tackling documentation. So again getting more folks whether they be insiders vanguards or just members of the community that care about writing technical documentation to either again help with new documentation help with revising documentation and figuring out no new ways for us to connect with users that are trying to interact with the cost. Most recently. We've been talking about docs 2.0 his in effort to again continue to improve the structure of the documentation. Has been handled much to this point by Scott with support from other members of the team.

Tyler Wright: We have got started to get some contributions for members of community including some insiders in vanguards who have contributed to documentation around leap wallet. And again, we're going to continue to look for contributions from the community. There are going to be bounties that are going to be made available for folks that want to contribute to documentation. Added from an operational process because again everything that cost network is open those documentation that documentations will just be reviewed by members of the core team just make sure that their functioning properly and then make sure there's no typos. And then those DRS will get merged and those down people could get paid out. So again, that's something that it will be fine-tuned to make very clear.

Tyler Wright: Over the next week or so and laid out in the documentation's repo inside the Akash network, but I wanted to get together with some of those key members right here that usually attend these meetings that have shown some interest in getting involved in helping to write documentation to be involved in the process of kind of laying out the next steps. One other thing that was on the agenda for the item that is going to be moved is we were going to be talking about some of the work that's been happening around the websites with the documentation page. I'm going to drop a link to the documentation page inside of the chat for people to look at the staging website as it stands today. what has happened is based upon the structure that has been previously discussed in

Tyler Wright: sync documentation and docs 2.0 meetings, which you could find here inside the sigdagmentation o. There was been some updates that Scott Luna and other members of the community came together to talk about just ways to improve architectural structure of how the docs are laid out those conversations have happened and again push and his team at human HQ have implemented that structure and our continuing to migrate many of the documentation and much of the documentation from the Dark Side as you say today that Dot Network to updated URL which will be again a network slash docs and you can kind of see again the staging website right here.

Tyler Wright: There are some design design decisions that still need to be finalized. I was hoping to have some of those design decisions made here today, but because against the stakeholders aren't here today. I'm going to have a follow-up conversation. For those that want to participate in that conversation, we might have that conversation a little bit and Discord between now and the next meeting those two points of conversation are happening around again two separate but very specific user experience items. The first is and again, I'm just gonna talk about these at a high level before we move on with the agenda. first there is a documentation that you see right now that again is reflected in this current state of network and this is

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Folks that are interacting and using the Akash Network, this is geared for folks that again are deploying. I'm looking to become a provider looking to validate and looking do a number of other things on the notebook. So this is the documentation as you kind of see it today. Scott Carruthers who was on the call has also been working on. Engineering documentation, which is more geared to folks that are looking to build applications on top of Akash are looking to contribute to the core code base and need to understand how Akash works at its deepest technical level.

Tyler Wright: And so trying to find a way to merge this very technical documentation. That's for an engineering Focus audience with the documentation. That's more focused for developers that are again looking to use the account network is one point of conversation that we're trying to figure out from a user experience standpoint. I know there's a couple of varying opinions on how we should lay out those two very important, but very distinctly different set the documentation. From a technical standpoint the tool Astro allows us to implement both of these specific markdown repos and onto dock site. But again how we lay out that user experience and how people are interacting with the different sets of documentation. It's something that needs to be discussed.

Tyler Wright: So that's one point of conversation if anybody wants to again think about that in brainstorm a little bit about that. I don't want to go into detail about it now, but we can start to put any thoughts in the sick documentation Discord Channel and then we'll have a follow-up conversation very soon about this. The second point of conversation is around layouts of specific documentation. So as an example. In the current structure of the website. This is something that was agreed upon and docs 2.0 but there seems to be as we move to the website revamp again a little bit of difference of opinion on user experience.

Tyler Wright: Previously there was a version where the text on the page was very long. And so if you were going down as an example to build a provider, you would just scroll down from step to step to step and it would just be a continuous page scroll.

Tyler Wright: At some point last year Scott's made a change where he moved everything into steps. And now you just go step by step in each page is a new Step. So again, you just start with step one after you're done with step one and you complete it then to go on to the next step. And so again, that's how the website is kind of structured right now with the steps and kind of sub pages that kind of walk you through how to do specific things on the Akash network. But again with the most recent revamper is the potential thought around just having basically these longer Pages where you just going step by step. And again, you have this side menu on the right hand side, but instead of having specific Pages for each step. it's a longer scroll that you're having to go through. So again, these are just

Tyler Wright: Are two user experience items that I want folks on this call and folks in the community to? Talk about and think about a little bit more as we approach getting this website live. I know that docs are one of last things that's being worked on and being migrated. And so there's so again some outstanding user experience decisions. Does anyone have any questions? I don't want to go into detail about anyone's opinions about these decisions right now, but does anyone have any questions about The actual user experience items that are up for discussion.

TG: A show I have one question. By the way, I'm realized I'm signed in this TG. This is Thomas Greco. I'm kind of new here. so the current documentation.

TG: if it has the developer docs and the main net docs all merge together. Is that correct? Whereas the new documentation it's gonna be split out and focused on people. Just trying to deploy.

Tyler Wright: So the current documentation as it's built today does not have any engineering documentation in it. It just has everything related to understanding the network technically having to you how to set up wallets how to use wallets how to deploy using Cloud modes how to deploy using the CLI, use of the sandbox and you can kind of see all these steps related to the actual use of the Akash Network. So that's the documentation as it stands today. There is a separate effort that's been done by Scott Carruthers on the core team where he's been developing engineering documentation. We kind of highlighted this in the six support meeting where there are folks that are trying to build.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Clients on top of a cost and they need to understand how to set up an engineering environment and how to set up a validators and how to do all these more technical things that allow them to build on top of a cost that documentation is not in the current iteration of the documentation site, but was going to be added to the revamp version as a second set of documentation that more focused towards an engineering audience or again potentially combined with this documentation so that it all webs in one area on one page. That's the user experience decision that's being figured out

TG: Okay, cool. Thank you for the clarification and

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no problem. Does anyone else have any questions about kind of the user experience decisions that will finalize at a later time?

Tyler Wright: awesome All again, one of the other items that we wanted to talk about at a high level is community and support and contributions on the documentation site Frankly as we finish out 2023 and to move into 2024. The goal is for more folks in the community to actively be contributing to developing new documentation and again,

Tyler Wright: The guidelines for the operational part of how that will be done will be outlined very soon. Once we have that kind of set up with the new website structure but a couple of things that I want to highlight and we talked about this a little bit last meeting is we are looking for folks that one to either take a look at the current documentation. These also folks that we know are in the community active in Discord Telegram and other channels. Dealing with users and if there's any spots that maybe can be improved so that maybe there's language that needs to be added or specific items that the community continues to run into that should be added to documentation. We want to have an area where again people can add small items to documentation.

Tyler Wright: There's also another bucket that we're looking at where folks can add entirely new documents, whether it be a new wallet is made available and we want to add documentation on how to use that wall and how to implement that while with some of the clients and that might just be a new Wright that's from scratch. that's another bucket of documentation. And then again we talked about this in the last tax monthly meeting maybe the last two monthly meetings.

Tyler Wright: There's been a desire from folks in the community. You have video documentation where for specific areas. There's maybe a different style in which people learn where they might not respond to reading things off of page but might respond better to seeing it done in video form. And so something that we want to do a lot more of is video documentation that is either made available on YouTube made available via blogs or other A cost website so it's easily accessible for folks that want to interact with it. I know there's some folks on this call that again previously showed interest in supporting writing documentation.

Tyler Wright: One of the things that we want to do at least in the short term is because we want to see where people want to get involved from an operational standpoint. We would like for folks in the community, I'll call out Rodrigo because I know he's very involved. Roger I'm sure he's seen documentation improvements that he has an idea in the back of his mind or things that he's seen from the community if there's ever an area that you see that hey I want you I think documentation should be added to this page and this section because I'm getting feedback. From in the short term I would just love for people to drop that into Sig documentation or make an issue specifically around that documentation inside the support repo.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: And then maybe put a preliminary Bounty around it. One thing that we're still trying to work out is how much some of these efforts cost, obviously creating a video from scratch or creating documentation from scratch and having to go through the steps and outline those steps is different than just updating maybe a few lines of copy or just changing some Text so we're trying to figure out the Bounty structure. So we love some help on Broad Jazz an example hey, I want to update this document. I think it will take me about one hour. This is how much and from that we can start to standardize over time what some of these tiers are for different kinds of documentation support. But again, we would love the team's effort and there is some

Tyler Wright: akt available for folks that want to contribute to documentation.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any initial thoughts questions about anything? I was just talking about in terms of more Community contributions and some of the initial operational structure around that.

Tyler Wright: cool Again, Andre who's on vacation right now will usually attend these meetings and it'll be a combination of myself Andre and Zach. that'll just be reviewing the documentation as it comes in. There will be some. Again structural items we want to make sure that the screenshots are as high quality as possible and we'll have some specific standards around what quality and what size we're looking for screenshots. They'll be specific examples and guidelines around how you should drop in copy or excuse me our code.

Tyler Wright: Because again in a new website structure those code blocks will have a button where people can just easily click them and add the code wherever they need it. So they'll be specific guidelines about how things should be formatted and laid out. So those will be coming soon. And again if anybody has any feedback about those as they come out feel free to drop it in either the pr or in Discord and we can talk about it. But we want to have as strict standards on the kinds of contributions because again, we're getting them from a wide array of people where English is not always folks first language and people come from different backgrounds. So we want to make sure that there's as much structure in place as possible. So it leads little to the imagination when folks are writing documentation.

Tyler Wright: I saw a couple of hands up or maybe there was just thumbs up. Go ahead.

TG: I might have raised him. so just for example could. some upgrades possibly look like essentially the new documentation just in video format. but what I'm saying is a page goes setting up a specific part of the Akash Network. Good. It's just an idea of an example each page has a corresponding video, for people who? Don't particularly learn well reading or would rather watch video.

Tyler Wright: Yes, I think that's great again. There's a number of places that I imagine video documentation living one of them being particular on the page where maybe it's on the same page as The written documentation but There's a couple other areas on the website that have already been outlined where Community contributions can go again. It can go on the Akash YouTube channel as well and we can create specific. Channels there but there's a couple of places go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I actually really like that idea and I had the same thought as So I think historically we've been challenged that when video content is created. There's a number of different versions of it. And there's never been a cohesive place to store these videos. These are all things that are being worked on and we make it there through other vehicles, but they suggestion of including the video actually and the documentation site I think would be and possibly in parallel to this video content existing in other places. I think that would be an excellent path forward. So if you were to go to the provider documentation and we put out a bounty for someone to go through the build of a kubernetes cluster for a cost provider and a very top of that related written documentation we could

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah have something in the states if you're more inclined to? Follow technical videos have a link right at the top of it for that. So yeah, I was thinking the same thing and I think eventually that would be a really optimal path, to have that video links actually within the written documentation as well.

TG: Yeah, cool. I'm not great at I Google meet. So I'm not with the reactions. Everyone's giving hearts. but I would given the hearts and…

Tyler Wright: Just don't even worry about it. you just

TG: everything if yeah, don't touch anything.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, you're good. Go ahead Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, yeah lots of Hearts going around. the point on YouTube is important because I think having the videos in documentation is going to be key to the point that everyone's making around that some people are going to have a better time following the written documentation. Some people probably want to watch a video.

Zach Horn: But ideally and this is something that we've had on the back burner for a long time, but I think this is going to be the opportunity for us to bring into reality is having our YouTube channel built out with a more technical component. So people can be working within the documentation. But ideally they could click through to YouTube and find entire sections of our YouTube channel that have been split out with How would you describe it sections for each technical topic so ideally I see this is a way that we can organize these videos within the documentation but also start to build out our YouTube channel as a technical resource. We just haven't had the technical capability up to this point to really produce that video content, but that's one high level goal that I've had for a long time that I think this could dovetail nicely with what we're talking about here.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

TG: Yeah. Yeah I agreed. he's gonna say it seems like there's endless.

Tyler Wright: So again from a I'll go ahead Tom.

TG: Areas that kind of need documenting and it's only going to continue kind of growing. with the network For having to sort of strip probably is definitely gonna be really important.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Zach Horn: Yeah agreed.

TG: So people can

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Most definitely one point that I've been thinking about a bit that I'd be curious to hear what the rest of the broader Community thanks is if we had to shortlist places within the documentation that we want to prioritize for video content. Where were those places partially it's obvious in some ways where you could do, getting started but the deployment setting up a provider and going through those steps like there are places that make more sense than others, but I'd be curious if there's a hot button place that the community is seeing lots of people asking for more documentation or clarification that we get prioritize if we're going to start somewhere with these videos.

Tyler Wright: rodri I know that you're very active besides just again doing your first deployment videos and setting up a provider either with the prador tool or with Helm do you see any other areas that folks should focus on if they're thinking about a video documentation.

Rodrigo Rochin: nothing that comes to mind right now from what I've seen recently in this group of mostly people asking about some mining stuff and providers and adjusting as the health, but that's not in the Ducks. So

Zach Horn: That's actually a good point because one of the things that recently happened was we had a large influx of Zach miners Zephyr. I don't know too much about Zephyr. So I can't speak one way or another about what the project is, but I do know that we have lots of people that were interested in doing that coming into the network and spinning up deployments to do proof of work mining for zapper.

Zach Horn: maybe that's something that lives in the documentation at some point the feature. Maybe it's not, I'm here nor there on that. But one thing that did come to mind is Rodrigo's point. Is that on social some people not even really affiliated with the Akash Community all that much made videos of how to deploy a Zep Miner on Akash, and those did really really well both with people in the Zep community and people within Akash saying wow, this is great that we have these walkthrough videos of exactly how to go through Cloud most and how to set up the deployment and how to customize it and all that so, that's one place and it doesn't have to be as ever obviously but It's clear that there are definitely areas within how to interface with Akash where people want really step by step instructions of how to set up deployments.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: I think that's good.

TG: Yeah, I carry agree with all that I mean quickly and being so I'm heavily embedded in the agoric community and they're really interested In kind of getting a better understanding of how to deploy, that node on a cash and then even is something like a front end, Just like a web application like I see interest there in weekly meetings.

Zach Horn: Yeah, the front ends are something that we've been talking about for a really long time, but think that's almost. I don't want to say low hanging fruit in a bad way. But like I do I do think that deploying front ends is really the better way to say would be an easy touch point for people to start using a caution get used to what a dependent feels like on So I think that's great. I might even be worth a conversation directly with a goric to see how we can help them get up and running but more broadly front ends are a great first touch point for people who want to get started at the point.

TG: Yeah, I definitely don't speak. Or to so let me take there.

Zach Horn: For sure.

TG: I think there's some limitations in just deploying a front end. I don't want to go up on a tangent and this specific topic but I think that there's some value in having to go a little bit deeper and an sdl file. Or using the STL language then just grabbing a front end image. heading to

Zach Horn: Yeah. most definitely agreed

Tyler Wright: Scott correctly…

Rodrigo Rochin: that

Tyler Wright: if I'm wrong, but I think we could also just besides all the videos that have been talked about and suggested. even technical content that might be video based around specific topics like the what a provider is and maybe even how they are conscient network works, would be something that I think some people even technical folks don't truly understand all the way. And so if we had some content that a lot of people like, all right, what it actually makes sense. This is what actually is then it can help in their development process or whatever the case may be, but that was just something I was thinking about as you all were talking.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, I definitely think that there's a place for some Akash architecture or topology videos, that would be useful I think that we've attempted that before and a lot of times are they being produced with? some more guidelines and where did these videos exist so I know that we'll get there and again this goes back to I'm sure there will develop other. Frameworks and hosting strategies for this or Zach talked about the YouTube channel and if that's formatted then it can be conducive to this. But I also again you could just really go down the documentation site and

Scott Carruthers: create videos including overviews and then deeper technical depth content. I mean Google or just go through the documentation site and create a video on almost every talk. I found the documentation site and then have a link to that within the documentation site, I think would work really well as far as Deploying the front end on I think there's also been some attempts at doing those kind of videos. So there's different perspectives and different angles that you take on this, but if I think they biggest friction point for people deploying front ends on Akash is maybe not necessarily the deployment on Akash that that might be the easy part. It's having the front end exist in a containerized image and so walking through that, but I know that we have some very capable.

00:30:00

Scott Carruthers: people within the community that could produce a 30 minute video on taking a react app containerizing it which is not overly complicated process and they could pretty much just be copy and pasting of a Docker file to get there and then hosting on a public repository. So I think that's probably where the most friction is and creating web front ends. But I definitely think we could create some very useful video documentation around that and then again, it's just a matter of ensuring that people are able to find it far easier than they've been able to historically

Tyler Wright: Scott I think that's a great call out. Go ahead Roger.

Rodrigo Rochin: yeah, and agree with what Scott and everyone says you said, there's actually quite a few videos or invites already. For example chimpa here from Arrow plots has a few weekdays, but creating a validator with Cosmos apnigos and stuff, but it's hard to find them in and they're not in the Box what I see in other documentation and projects. Sometimes it's for example that the bottom of our current talks and the resources tap other resources that Right under there, there could be a tap that needs to tutorials. For there's another what are these called subtitles? That's a tutorials title and then it leads to either. videos or written guide

Rodrigo Rochin: And we could maybe add those Under a tab make it easier for everyone to find it.

Tyler Wright: I think that's a great suggestion Roger.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: So I think we're on the grill about the importance and value of video content as a part of this documentation strategy, especially if we move to 2024 one thing that I want to emphasize is there's going to be a conservative effort. And again, we're fine-tuning it right now to make sure that there are steady bounties available in the operational

Tyler Wright: is today I just needed myself is optimized because one thing that we want to do is

Tyler Wright: make sure that the docs is a community effort and it's not something that is Reliant specifically on members or Really Scott on the overclock Labs core team something that we've certainly trying to get him to pass on to other members of the community for a while. And this is something that we think that the community is able to handle because again, there's such great support that's given inside Discord when folks have any issues. So hopefully people will be proactive and kind of looking at documentation and seeing how they can get involved. And then again, we'll make sure that the battery structure is fair and paid out accordingly and as officially as possible, I think Huey does a great job of doing that to this point, but we'll continue to be focused on that and that folks aren't contributing.

Tyler Wright: To the degree that I'm going to start to reach out to folks in the community and just ask them to see if they're still interested because again a number of I think nine people are so interest whether it be public or privately to help contribute to writing documentation. Some are focused on the provider, but many just want to contribute to writing and contribute to documentation. So as we move into 2024, I'm really going to be relying on those folks, too.

Tyler Wright: Join this monthly meeting when they can if we need to find a better time. I'm happy to find a better time. But I would like this special interest group around docs to be a community run effort around making sure that documentation is optimized because again, that's one thing that we've gotten a lot of phrase about in the past as the Akash Network gets grown is that the docs are easy to understand and it's easy for people to onboard themselves. And then when they have issues with the docs, there's great support from inside of the vanguards. And so it's a network continues to grow and continues to expand new audiences and more audiences whether they be web to focus. It's really going to be important for the documentation to stay up to date with all the new features coming and all the new things happening on the network, but also serve it to people in a way that they can easily digest it and feel like they can use the network.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: pretty quickly that makes sense that low head talk. I just gave so as next steps from an operational standpoint, I I know that we'll start moving towards.

Tyler Wright: Getting the YouTube together and they're making talk about that in future meetings again. There will be some guidelines. I'll be shared and Discord around contributing to documentation, but I would love for folks to start to look at the documentation as it is today and start to think of ways that can contribute. I think that what not. We will wait until after the website we did website to start making documentation changes so that everything is in the upset new repo in the migration isn't affected and that is planned for December 15th. But in over the next couple of weeks, we'll just again assign work and start the process go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: I just might be a worth a quick match in that so as we accept and discuss this notion of how people consume content and their preferred method to consume contents along with possibly. some individuals preferring video documentation over written documentation. I also think that we live in a time that people want to be able to get information from my chat GPT and tools like that instead of having to scour throughout volumes of documentation as well. So I think that will be interesting as well. when we think about this in totality that Zach. I know that

Scott Carruthers: obviously you I worked on some efforts in the past on this that we've now gone in different directions just based on time investment, but I think if the community hasn't heard that it's important to note as well. So I think we're very focused with how people like to consume content today. So along with our video documentation. I think we're going to have very effective pass to allow. Very quick and very concerted scrubs of our documentation site in the future. I also think it's interesting when you start to think about that deeper and we start to talk about Community contributions to our documentation site. Maybe there isn't much to this or maybe there is but it'll be interest when I was focused on creating chatbots for our documentation site. I started to think that

Scott Carruthers: Theoretically maybe it even Alters to some degree how you're writing documentation. when you're having your eye I'm like if we have chatbots out there that are going to consume this information and it may be presented in that format either primarily or always had a pretty high volume, do you alter so I was starting to think about if we were having a chat GPT type of experience for a cock documentation as I'm writing documentation. Do I want to massage it in any way that

Scott Carruthers: knowing that a lot of information is going to be consumed enough format. So maybe that alters documentation right in significantly or maybe a dozen but the overall point being as we start to think about our next generation of content consumption. I think that's along with video content going to be very key as well. And I just want to briefly mention that in case people in the community weren't aware that were very rapidly heading down that path as well.

Tyler Wright: I love that's about that.

Zach Horn: Couldn't agree with that more. That's Everything that's happening with material augmented generation and all this next Generation language model retrieval. That happens when you're querying these models I've been thinking about this non-stop. it's all very down the line because this stuff is both evolving really quickly and also there's lots of work going into to your point how documentation is written today to think about how it's going to be accessed in the future. But yes, that's very top of mind. I'm glad you brought it up.

Tyler Wright: so as we continue to meet month over month, this is something certainly that we can track and make adjustments whether it be to the guidelines to the structure to make sure that we're optimizing for however people receive documentation. I know that there's been some main that's nine.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Documentation that's been written again. Shout out to Scott who has been leading those efforts again as we continue to move forward some of the documentation that's consistent is just, structurally kind of templated there and I just swapping out information and so some of those efforts will again, but made that It's a documentation and the midnight nine Akash May 9 upgrade happened this morning. And was successful, but that documentation Is there any other documentation that's new or does anyone have any specific question about any existing documentation that they want to talk about? During the special interest group.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I think from my part really the only documentation of significance over the last. Month has been around a couple of different main net upgrades. I think there's been some small tweaks and adjustments to other documentation. But as far as Introduction of new documentation. I think that's been it.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: And the only thing I would say is there are some folks. Hopefully not that many but Roger just something to track in the community that eight documentation was on the sidebar but has been moved to other resources. So if there's anybody in the provider side that's still has an upgraded they're provider than they probably will have to go to this provider documentation here and then make sure that they're using Again, the most recent version of the node to go with it. So that documentation has just been moved just for as to not confuse folks as they were upgrading this morning.

Tyler Wright: But yeah, does anyone else have any other questions comments about anything or any discussion topics and he wants to bring up right now?

TG: yeah, my Firefox just restarted. So sorry for dropping there. I did just want to comment. And kind of congratulate you guys on that upgrade being so seamless.

TG: under five minutes. It's pretty significant. So take really quick impressive.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. And I know that again one of the many things that Scott is working on is continuing to improve that process both in the testing of upgrades prior to upgrade going live and we're continuing to improve operational process. So the last few upgrades had been very good and we want to continue to improve that process because there's a lot of new features coming so really appreciate the validators and people in the community. They're supporting for their help. So thank you all.

Tyler Wright: I know we have about 13 minutes left, but I don't want to keep you all again. We've talked at a high level about some of the user experience topics of discussion as it pertains to the revamped dock site, if you have any feedback on either of those Please leave that feedback and Discord. We'll look to have a follow-up meeting. If not, Thursday some other time. I'm trying to work on some Logistics with some key stakeholders, but we want to finalize the docs for the new website as soon as possible.

Tyler Wright: and make those user experience decisions one way or the other as soon as possible. So looking for feedback from the community hopefully during this call or right after this call and then I'll make this recording available as soon as possible. So that folks can have the next day or so to hear what's going on and get some feedback in addition to that. We talked about continued desire for contributions both in written documentation and video documentation and some strategies there. I'm looking for and hoping that folks on this call and elsewhere. We'll start to look where they can provide some impact start to think about what's kind of time May cost in akt and then either again send messages in the Discord Channel or would prefer in the state documentation Discord Channel, but we can also don't privately as we continue to work out what this like.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: me structure for documentation contributions could look like but hoping that folks can start to think about how they can contribute and we can start to throw akt to folks that want to contribute to continuing to make the documentation reliable and quality for all types of users. So

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Scott.

Tyler Wright: you I think Okay.

Scott Carruthers: I don't have my hand. No.

Tyler Wright: Sorry about me. you did have your hand out. That is a good point.

Scott Carruthers: I'm I actually was going now so do I get bounties as I write documentation as well?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and retroactively I'm not sure about yeah, yes papa figure out…

Scott Carruthers: Richard retroactively would be right.

Tyler Wright: what their rate is, maybe it's like 25 akt her documentation section, not just

Scott Carruthers: 25 ak2

Tyler Wright: But yeah, think about how we're going to incorporate the engineering documentation with a cost documentation. And then again the structure of how things are laid out on the page and we'll have those continuous discussions offline. And please figure out how you would like to contribute Scott is moving away from documentation. So he won't even have time to contribute hopefully, but for other folks that want to get more involved in documentation writing we're looking for more support as a community so much appreciate you all in advance. Zach roderie Scott is anything else? You'll want to say before we head out of here.

Scott Carruthers: I guess just to put on the record in case anyone is listening to the recording or if you guys have any thoughts and maybe not today but as you think about it more so I've heard that and I think these are outside of discussions. I was part of making where they developer documentation is going to live and possibly making it directly in categories off of the Akash documentation site and maybe even the suggestion of doing it under validators specifically. so that documentation would cover

Scott Carruthers: they Provider Services the node Repository. And probably eventually they Akash API repository as well. So I want to Make sense to have all that documentation under It could make sense to. Have the developer documentation split up into a validator. and node documentation under the validators category and they developer documentation for Provider Services Under the providers category, but just something to think about because again I've heard possibly in some other conversations there were some thoughts about that. So just keep that in mind if we were thinking about putting the developer documentation. directly on a network backslash Docs

Scott Carruthers: we would have just think about the structuring a little bit more. I don't think it's complicated. Like I said, maybe it's just splitting it up between validator and provider, but that's it still a little bit work to make that happen.

Tyler Wright: Of Roger I said, I know that you're off me to want to say anything before we head out of here. Don't feel obliged.

Rodrigo Rochin: How good they're ready to help out.

Tyler Wright: looking forward and Thank you for joining today. Feel free to you don't have to do it today. But if you hope that you continue to join these meetings and stay involved and we continue to hope to get to know you more. We don't like to tax people here. So as you get more comfortable with the group you can Say However, you want to say hello and we respect all lifestyles of privacy and otherwise

TG: Yeah.

TG: Yeah, for I mean. Yeah, I think I introduced myself as Thomas Greco Tom Greco and my Gmail is just signed into not my work. Yeah Gmail or else you've seen my name? But I did want to just say yeah. Thanks for today. And it was a great experience.

TG: just having this call and it's clear as to why really a cautious documentation and just all of the resources that I currently provided to the users developers validators is because all the hard work you guys are putting in so that's

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate it's a great community. So we hope to have you get more involved and can help us get where we want to go. Anyway, steering committee has been moved from this week to next week. Just because some key stakeholders will be out this week and we'll have one meeting in December for the steering committee and then have another meeting. That's usually at the end of December move to early January just like kick off 2024, but that has already been adjusted in the calendar. But again much appreciate everyone's time much appreciate those. That are going to get more involved. And again, I'll make the notes and the video available as quickly as possible so that we can get some more feedback and contributions but much appreciate you all. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, everyone.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

TG: against

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:51:19 👋

