# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- Update on Documentation.
- Docs 2.0 Effort.
- Community and Support Contributions on Documentation.
- Discussions on Video Documentation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, December, 19 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://w3evlgbcqz4g4b4kicipe3gxrblirj4f2czs3eutaibrqrp7xtva.arweave.net/tslVmCKGeG4HikCQ8mzXiFaIp4XQsy2SkwIDGEX_vOo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- Scott Carruthers
- TG (Thomas Greco )
- Tyler Wright

## Metting Notes
#### Tyler Wright: 
- Welcomed everyone to monthly meeting number 12.
- Discussed ongoing efforts to update and address documentation needs.
- Highlighted discussions on video documentation and the creation of a working group for Docs 2.0.
- Emphasized the transition from GitBook to Hugo for a more open-source solution.
- Acknowledged Scott Carruthers' significant hands-on involvement in 2022 and beyond.
- Noted Scott's role in transforming documentation from sparse and inconsistent to a usable state.
- Recognized Scott's collaboration with Andrey and the group effort to maintain up-to-date documentation.
- Highlighted Scott's proactive approach in Discord and other community platforms to ensure optimized documentation.
- Commended the two responsiveness to community needs and continuous improvement of documentation.

### Community support for writing and editing documentation
#### Tyler Wright:
- Noted Scott's shift to an engineering role in the last four to five months.
- Emphasized the importance of community support for writing and editing documentation.
- Interest from both Insiders and the general community to assist in documentation.
- Anticipated Docs as a hub for those wanting to contribute.
- Announced a meeting at the beginning of the year to share the documentation framework.
- The framework will be available on GitHub, with live meetings for questions and support.
- Community Engagement and Documentation Process:
- Encouraged community involvement during calls to discuss documentation.
- Highlighted the documentation Discord channel for real-time communication.
- Outlined the process for community members to participate in editing or updating documentation through Pull Requests.
- Emphasized the ongoing nature of real-time documentation updates.
- Encouraged involvement from anyone interested in contributing, regardless of technical background.
- Mentioned upcoming framework with rules, regulations, and guidelines for documentation creation.
- Announced akt bounties for those actively participating in documentation.
- Highlighted the availability of ongoing conversations into the new year.

### Transition from Hugo to Astro
#### Tyler Wright:
- Noted a shift from Hugo to Astro for documentation based on community and website working group decisions.
- Mentioned flexibility and support as key factors influencing the decision.
- Acknowledged the impact on the Docs 2.0 deliverables after the transition to Astro.
- Highlighted ongoing rework led by Piyush and his team as part of the website revamp effort.
- Acknowledged the necessity for a bit of rework due to the shift from Hugo to Astro.
- Emphasized the hands-on approach of the website revamp team in migrating the documentation.
### Video Content Plans:
- Thomas plans to speak with Zach about creating general-purpose videos not reliant on Docs 2.0.
- Emphasized the intention to get videos out ASAP.
- Reiterated the importance of creating content that remains applicable even without Docs 2.0 being fully operational.
- Tyler and Thomas discussed the idea of creating high-level content showcasing Akash Network features.
- Mentioned the possibility of creating content on Cloudmos deployment as part of the initial video plan.
- Tyler confirmed agreement with the idea of creating high-level content before Docs 2.0.
- Tyler encouraged content that highlights Akash Network features and could later be linked to specific documentation.

### Website Launch Date Inquiry:
- Scott Carruthers inquired about the projected launch date for the new Akash website.
- Specifically asked if the launch date is affected by the holidays and if there is a firm date for Docs 2.0 launch.
#### Tyler's Response:
- Tyler acknowledged the question and provided information about the original plan.
- Explained that the revamp website working group is focusing on ensuring elements like light mode and mobile functionality work seamlessly.
- Mentioned that the technical work is expected to be completed within the next 10 days.
- Stated that the website launch is planned for early January when more team members are back.
- Emphasized that the launch date has not been finalized but is likely to be in the first or second week of January.
- Discussed the possibility of delaying it by a week if necessary but assured that it wouldn't be an issue.

### Inquiry about Docs 2.0 Review Period
- Scott Carruthers inquired about the synchronization of the working revamp website for Docs 2.0 with the final product.
- Mentioned the concern that the current links to Docs 2.0 are not up to date, leading to potential confusion for reviewers.
#### Tyler's Clarification:
- Tyler clarified that the intent is for the working site to be in sync with the final Docs 2.0 product for review.
- Acknowledged the current state being not worth reviewing but assured it will be ready for review by the next working group session.
- Emphasized that staging links will be continuously updated this week and beyond as changes occur for Docs 2.0.
- Mentioned the plan for Thomas, Scott, Andrey, and others to start reviewing the updated docs by the upcoming Thursday.
- Clarified the current local state of Docs 2.0, which is not yet ready for public review.
- Confirmed there will be a period, possibly one or two weeks, for the community to review and make suggestions.
- Assured that direct links will be provided in SIG documentation, the website working group, and GitHub for accessibility.

### Discussion on Links in the revamp Website
- Scott Carruthers raised a concern about the current working site linking "Getting Started" to the Akash CLI documentation without sufficient context.
- Inquired about how Piyush and his team are obtaining feedback on the direction and structure of Docs 2.0.
#### Tyler's Response:
- Tyler clarified that Piyush and his team are actively receiving direct feedback from working group sessions.
- Emphasized his role as a representative for the working group Docs 2.0, ensuring effective communication of feedback.
- Mentioned the involvement of Dennis in user experience and Zach Horn in marketing, both contributing to many of the pages, including the "Getting Started" page.
- Highlighted the "Getting Started" page, which focuses on tools like Cloudmos and Preator, providing alternative ways to start rather than directing users immediately to the Akash CLI documentation.
- Acknowledged that while the CLI is present in the documentation structure, it is not the primary focus and is placed further down the user experience tree.
### Concerns Regarding Documentation 2.0 Structure:
- Scott Carruthers expressed concerns about the structure of Documentation 2.0, particularly in categories like providers and feature sections.
- Mentioned potential issues with the sequencing of documents and deeper structuring concerns.
- Raised the possibility that there might be a need for significant updates beyond the "Getting Started" section.
- Highlighted a desire for a more organized and logical sequence of documentation.
#### Tyler's Response:
- Tyler assured that he has actively participated in Docs 2.0 working group discussions and the special interest group for documentation.
- Emphasized his efforts to articulate feedback clearly and involve engineering resources in addressing concerns.
- Stated that the working group for the Akash website has been highly transparent, with confidence that many concerns will be addressed in the new iteration.
- Encouraged waiting until the new link is provided before making specific comments or raising concerns.
- Acknowledged that while optimization is a goal, preserving elements that are working well in the current documentation is also essential.

### Engineering Notes Overview:
#### Tyler Wright:
- Acknowledged Scott Carruthers' parallel work on engineering notes.
- Highlighted the need for more technical documentation for those building on Akash.
- Scott collaborated with the engineering team and community for detailed engineering notes.
- Emphasized the importance for those seeking a deeper understanding of the Akash Network.
- Engineering documentation currently available in staging for Akash Engineers.
- Engineering notes Will be part of the revamped Akash Network website on the docs page in 2024.


### Other Matters Discussed
#### Recognition of Thomas's Contribution:
- Tyler acknowledged Thomas's recent active involvement in the Akash Network Community.
- Tyler mentioned Thomas's commitment to contributing to technical documentation, both written and video.
- Highlighted Thomas's efforts in articulating skills and improving documentation and user experience.
- Expressed appreciation for Thomas's contributions and anticipated more in 2024.
#### Acknowledgements and Appreciation:
- Tyler opened the floor for any questions or topics participants wanted to discuss in the final Sig documentation meeting for 2023.
- Thomas expressed gratitude to Tyler for running the Sig meetings and acknowledged the helpfulness of Scott as he ramped up his contributions to Akash.
- Andrey echoed Thomas's sentiments, expressing his anticipation of working more closely with Thomas in the future.
- Wishes for happy holidays and a great New Year were exchanged among the participants.

## Action items
- Tyler to provide direct links to Docs 2.0 in SIG documentation, the website working group, and GitHub for easy access during the review period.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All rights, welcome everybody to monthly meeting number 12, I believe during The Specialist Group for documentation folks on this call meet and discuss active documentation any documentation needs to be updated there's been discussions in the past couple of meetings about video documentation Out of the special interest group docs there was a working group that was created to support Doc's 2.0 to really update the structure of the documentation and at the time moved from getbook to Hugo. So again there would be a more open source solution that the community can use

Tyler Wright: On the call Scott Carruthers has been Hands-On very much of 2022 in the first half but really beyond that in 2023 getting the documentation into the state. It is with a great deal with support from Andre as well before Scott's had joined the team the documentation was a sparse inconsistent in some cases and that was just as the fact of a growing organization with again new features the product was continuing to evolve but Scott Carruthers did a great job over I believe his first year and a half with overclock Labs really taking that documentation to a state where users can use a documentation without

Tyler Wright: needing support from anybody from the community and really leveling the documentation to a point where the kind of is today. Scott's again along with Andre have had a pulse on the support in Discord and other places in the community and made sure that the documentation was always up to date who again features improved as the product continue to mature as they saw folks in the community dealing with issues with the documentation or as a documentation change. They made sure that the documentation was optimized for the community and again made any changes where we're necessary. So I just want to shout out those that hurts there.

Tyler Wright: as one of the big items this year was around working group docs 2.0 where a structure was updated for how the user documentation on the Akash Network would be outlined and laid out. Thanks to the croissants team for being a part of that process led by And halfway through the year again, a structure was initially determined Luna and his team presented that structure and a preliminary understanding of what the web of the documentation would look like to the steering committee and got some great feedback. Over the last really four to five months with Scott's moving into more of a engineering capacity to help build out the features of the Akash Network. It is really been.

Tyler Wright: important to find folks in the community that are willing to support writing editing existing documentation and making sure that documentation is to the standard Which Scott and Andre lifted to there's been a number of folks in the community both on the Insiders and just in a general community that showed interests over the last couple of months to help support documentation. In 2024 docs will really be a place for folks that are looking to get involved the right documentation to ask questions. Make sure that the structure the format of how documentation look it consistent.

Tyler Wright: There will be a meeting at the top of the Year where again the framework and the structure of how documentation should look when users start to get more involved in contributing to documentation will be shared again that framework will live a couple places and GitHub as well as there will be some live meetings for people to ask questions get some support just in case they have any questions about to get that documentation framework. There'll be something that's happening in the top of the year. But again as we get there, we want to make sure that folks are know that there's the possibility to get involved with documentation.

Tyler Wright: The process as of right now is focus on this call and during these calls will talk about documentation. We can ask additional questions in the documentation Discord channel of there's something live that we want to talk about. And then again if anybody wants to participate in editing or updating a documentation In they can or make a PR and then Andrey and myself will look at those PRS and merge those as necessary to make sure it again the documentation is updated in real time.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: So as we again move into 2024, I really call upon anybody that's listening in to this call later or looking at the notes to know that they can get involved in documentation. If they're technical writer there are non-technical writer and they want to help with editing again always next there will be a framework. So the rules and regulations and guidelines and how the documentation should be created and how it should look. But again from there, there will be akt bounties available to those that want to participate in making sure that the documentation continues to be updated in real time.

Tyler Wright: So again, those are conversations that will continue in to the new year and that's how we're kind of structure this sig in 2024 around again existing documentation is maybe up for PR and needs to be edited updated or talked about someone talk about those things during this think that meeting or if anybody has any suggestions for new documentation or just again a review of any outstanding documentation.

Tyler Wright: cool one other thing that puts us kind of in limbo right now is after Luna and the quasarch team moved the docks over to Hugo as part of the requirements for the doc's 2.0 deliverables the Akash community and the website working group decided that Hugo was not the best approach moving forward for a number of reasons. But again the team on the website side to go in the direction of Astro because of his flexibility and support.

Tyler Wright: Because the changes when computer go to Astro and meant that while the work of the working group docs 2.0 structure structuring and some of the discussions that were carried over into the ducks that will be on the website. There did have to be a little bit of rework that is currently going on with piyush and his team that's leading the website rehab effort. Again, it's a part of the new website. The docs will be moving from data cash dot Network to a/docs. That's not a change that's happening right now. But that is the change that's going to be happening in the future. So as a part of those efforts again the team that's doing the website revamp is going to be Hands-On and migrating and documentation over.

Tyler Wright: Two again the more optimized Astro backend.

Tyler Wright: One other thing I want to call out before I move on as we review 2023 is the work that Scott has done in parallel on some engineering notes. So again, the core documentation is around using the Akash Network deploying as a tenant becoming a validator upgrade documentation. Everything related to again the network. There are those that are interested in building on top of akash, whether it's their own clients or other tooling and just leveraging their cash Network and there it's a deeper understanding of what the Akash network is and how it works that again is not has not currently been outlined in the documentation that today

Tyler Wright: Scott Carruthers has been working behind the scenes with the engineering team and certain members of the community for validation to design engineering notes that are far more technical documentation that deep died into exactly how the accost network works. the code base where things might be able to be found etc. For those again that are a little bit more Technical and looking to be to build on top of the cost Network that engineering documentation has been available for people to digest and it's staging

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: area Akash Engineers that XYZ. But again, this documentation will also be a part of the new revamped a cost on network websites on the docs page. So again, I just want to shout out the efforts of Scott's across, the current documentation as well as the engineering documentation. something that'll be launched in 2024 with the goal of having more folks. They're looking to maybe help with support issues looking to contribute to the core code base Etc have the documentation that is a little bit more technical that does a deep dive into some of the concepts so that when they are ready to Support and help with the code base They Are Up level to a point of understanding that is necessary to build on top of the Akash Network.

Tyler Wright: I'm sure there's plenty that I forgot again much appreciate Scott and Andre for all their efforts on 2023 and really before that and getting the documentation to where it is today.

Tyler Wright: again as we also way to move into 2024, I do want to shout out who's also in the call Thomas who has recently gotten a little bit more active in the Akash Network Community. He's somebody that is going to be contributing to technical documentation, whether it's written or video in the last couple of special interest group sessions and working group sessions. Thomas has been doing a great job of articulating his skills and kind of taking the first steps and understanding what kind of content should be first up for showing showcasing, ways to improve documentation or improve the user experience for those that are trying to use the Akash network with video guides Etc.

Tyler Wright: To much appreciate his effort that I know that as we move into 2024, there will be more from him and on the consistency front in terms of items that he's working on to support written documentation with video guides or just again to support documentation in general which is expertise and knowledge. So just want to call them out because he's on the call. And been very active. One other thing I want to call out is again inside six documentation.

Tyler Wright: Thomas has started discussion around. Some feedback in terms of some videos if anybody wants to contribute. I know that I owe I believe a response as well, but I'll drop the link to that chat. In here and I'll drop it in the notes for folks that are watching later or looking at the notes later. But again, if anybody wants to give feedback, I know that Scott gave feedback on just a general high-level direction for video content speed. Cadence topics how things are linked Etc. Thomas is certainly looking for feedback there.

Tyler Wright: I just went on a 14 minute monologue describing 2023 in great detail or in some detail rather. Does anyone have? Anything that they want to talk about today, I know that we're again kind of in a holding pattern as pollution is team are moving some of documentation over. I know that there's a staging site for the website to the cost Network website revamped on that website. There is that docs page is very much out of date as again Pierson is team grading the documentation over and optimizing so I think it wouldn't be a great use of our time to talk about that right now until it's in the states that is worth discussing and optimizing but Thomas I see your hands up. So go ahead.

Thomas Greco: yes, so forgive me if my voices shot because seem to have got another sick or something. you can hear me, right?

Tyler Wright: Yes, sir.

Thomas Greco: Okay, All Yeah and just from Tyler's we spoke last week. and as you know Scott and I spoke about Showing some of the live docs 2.0 in some of the video content. And I kind of the need to put some of that on hold. I just want to Reiterate that I will be speaking with Zach about just getting some videos out the door. ASAP that don't necessarily rely on back 2.0.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: ;?

Thomas Greco: being up and running and just more general purpose the content was still be applicable. So if there's something you're interested in. I could definitely find time for that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that we talked about this in. Sig documentation that I'm a firm believer that some of that high-level content that maybe doesn't link I like the idea that Scott talked about when that's 2.0 is available and Thomas and others are creating videos for specific documentation linking to that documentation. So it's easy for somebody to find the documentation. If they need to read alongside. They're watching the video would be great. But prior to that there's anything that we can do that just like highlights at a high level the accost Network features Etc. I think those kind of content would be great or even Cloud most,

Thomas Greco: You just took the words out of my mouth. I was going to say even my cloud most deployed. and that's one area I could cover and that was actually in. the word plan for the initial videos I was going to do so. There's some over that there.

Thomas Greco: Hey, as long as you're on the same page.

Tyler Wright: Yes, yeah.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: I'm sorry. I have to relate a question. So I'll just go one at a time. So, it's Tyler. what is the current? projected day for the new Akash website spending up and I think we've definitely always been under this standing understanding and that the expectation is that ducks 2.0 will launch of the same time. So I'm wondering what do we have a firm date on when we're supposed to live and also related to that is that impacted by the holidays at all. So, knowing that after this week, I'm going to be

Scott Carruthers: out for two weeks return on January 6th. And yeah, could you just speak to what is the current projected date? And is it possible? It could be hitting during that period where some of us are out and I'm not saying that necessarily that's a showstopper. But just wondering what the projected date is and if it's affected by the holidays.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely. That's a great question. the original plan was to launch part of the Cosh website on Christmas morning and the other part on New Year's but nobody was available not I'm just kidding. the plan is really open the next couple of weeks the revamp website working group has decided to make sure that the light mode mobile all the things are working not demise. So petition is team are working on those things over the next 10 days.

Tyler Wright: Once those items are done. They're going to be reviewed by Dennis myself Zach. I'll bring an Andre to look at them as well because I believe he'll be around but the plan to launch a website isn't until early January when folks are back. I mean we made sure that the docs are look good in some of the other items. So again, the technical work should be done. 10 days from last Thursday, but again, the launch date has not been finalized yet, but we both but will be at a time and probably the first or second week of January. I think there was initial thought of it being around January 3rd, when more folks are back, but even if we have to delay it another week There's no problem to do But that's the initial plan right now.

Scott Carruthers: And my follow-up question was some related to the launch date. so we know based on this specifically Tyler you're my direct conversation last week, and I think it's well known to the community as well that they Links that we have to docs to God. as you mentioned earlier in this conversation are not up to date. So if you visit the working site for ducks 2.0 that shouldn't be Taken as representation of what the final structure is going to look like And it's out of date. It's not in sync with where piercing his team are currently on Atwood Ducks 2.0. So my question is there going to be a period of time That working site is in sync with the final product and then there be a period of time where we can review.

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: On that working site or is that not the intent and they intend instead is that people are inspecting it in the background and we'll just rely on Behind the scenes design and structure sessions instead of having a link that would allow. The community to be able to review the content before launch.

Tyler Wright: no, no, sorry if I misspoke the intent is that Hopefully by Thursday the next working group.

Tyler Wright: For a cost website piercing his team will have the docs 2.0 in a state for review. The staging links always will be up to date this week. And then we'll be continuing to be up to date as things change for Doc 2.0. So I believe folks like Thomas Scott yourself Andre and others in the community will be able to start reviewing the updated docs this Thursday. But right now it's just in a local state,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Tyler Wright: right so currently it's not worth reviewing but that's a Thursday should be and beyond that it'll continue to live and staging so that folks can give feedback async and patience team can continue to update as necessary.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so there be a period of possibly one or two weeks where that will be the date that people can review andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: exactly

Scott Carruthers: make suggestions. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Exactly, and I'll throw those links when they're available in Sig documentation for direct link to the website. So people can see it there and also live in the Working group and the website working group. projectile and GitHub as well

Scott Carruthers: All Yeah that all Sounds good and optimal, I guess I'll raise this question. How are they you and I discussed before just to get it out in public and maybe Andy and Tom. May benefit from the sum as we get access to that link and look at the new structure content. So in a discussion between you and I last week I talked about A concern that in the current working site that understood it's not up to date at all. But in the current working site it is linking people getting started to the costs toi documentation. And so I guess my question to kind of follow up to that conversation that we had as petition his team are. going through the current iteration of ducks 2.0

Scott Carruthers: I mean, maybe could you just speak into so how exactly is that working? how are they getting the feedback that we believe that we're getting started should definitely not just dump people into a cost CLI documentation without much context and as I guess that From a high level. What I'm asking is Pierson his team if they're working through. their current version of ducks 2.0 getting that input enough feedback on or how are they deciding on what direction to take they structure

Tyler Wright: Yes, so they are getting direct feedback from those sessions and I'm being representative for the working group docs 2.0 making sure that those things are articulated but also Dennis on the user experience side as well as Zach horn on the marketing and also focus on user experience side. Have we Worked many of those pages. So they're getting started page really highlights some of the tools like cloudmos Prey tour some of the other ways you can get started that are not focused and really puts an emphasis on trying to make a user Journey that is as smooth as possible with the CLI not being optimal right now. the structures of the documentation is

Tyler Wright: pretty above pretty much the only thing that we took from Dr. 2.0. That's I kind of outline but in the iteration from huge and the working group of cost website CLI is not the first thing at all. It's pretty far down the user experience Tree on how people are going interact, but it is there.

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers: So I would say that my only concern and you may be thinking just wait until we provide you the link and then draw an opinion on that. I understand that I'm not trying to jump to conclusions. to me they're Possibly could be a concern that the first time that we have access to possibly find out that there's a decent amount of updates that are necessary. So the reason I say that is if you visit that link right now and you go into the provider section and some of the feature Sections and things like that. I would think that if Andy and I were to look at that to think about the user journey and building a cost provider right there. the current representation in that link is that

Scott Carruthers: the categories are not structured and structured from that sequencing perspective of just simply what documents should come first and then also, some deeper structuring concern so I guess my point being is when I look at that the concern is not just in getting started, but they're probably a lot concern over. the structuring throughout docnts documentation 2.0. So all that's fine. And like I said maybe they're responses just wait and until we provide you the new link and go from there. But if it

Scott Carruthers: If there's a lot of attention being paid to getting started, but we're following the structure generally of what I've seen. From the first iteration of ducks 2.0 the third Bay a lot of work that's necessary even outside of getting started. So again, maybe it's not concern and maybe All that's been. Adjusted and when we get the blanket wall. All look. It doesn't sound like There's participation in some of those discussions right now, so I don't know to me. It seems like possibly there could be a concern, but maybe we'll get the link in all as well. But those would be my concerns going into it.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I hear My only feedback would be I Tried my best to be a part of every Doc's 2.0 working group as well as the special instance group for documentation. I've taken everything that I've heard and

Tyler Wright: Try to make sure that it is articulated as clearly as possible when things are not represented properly. I try to bring an engineering resources. So working group for a cost website has been extremely public over the last two or three months and I feel confident that once you all have the link that I'm sure it won't be perfect. But my hope is that a lot of your concerns will.

Tyler Wright: Not be there. But again, I will save any comment until you all have the link in them. We can go from there. But everything that you've articulated is very much top of mind because I know there's been a lot of work that's gone into the documentation as it stands today. And I know that there's not really that much of a complaint from people in the community as things stand today. So we want to optimize the structure but make sure that many of the things that are here today on to the Future because they're working.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, sounds good. Yeah, I don't want to race concerns when there might not be any so yeah, obviously we just need to see what it looks like when the new link is provided. the new work inside is provided. It sounds like on Thursday. So yes. It just voice and possibly some concerns based on what I saw with the previous. Iteration, but yeah, it's probably doesn't make too much sense to spend much more time on it and just wait till we get the link and go from there.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: Is anyone else have any questions? Anything they want to talk about today as we wrap up this last Sig documentation meeting for 2023.

Tyler Wright: if anybody thinks if anything, go ahead Thomas.

Thomas Greco: All I just want to say thanks you Tyler for running these girls. So Scott communicating with you. you've been really helpful and really useful as I really ramp up here contributing your cash. And then Andrey, I kind of assume the same. the new and not sure if we worked directly together as much but I'm sure we will in the future and I look forward to it.

00:30:00

Andrey Arapov: They're looking forward to Thomas. Thanks for a nice words. And Merry Christmas guys.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, happy holidays. Have a good New Year too with it for everybody if you don't talk.

Andrey Arapov: the holidays

Tyler Wright: That's absolutely thank you all much appreciate everybody,â€¦

Thomas Greco: See you.

Tyler Wright: but we'll talk online. If anybody has anything else. They want to talk about feel free to drop it in Sig documentation Discord, but as Thomas said I just want to Echo much appreciate Scott as always big fan of his Andre the same just great guy and Thomas says, I'm getting to know you really like your Diligence and your communication style and so really excited to work more closely with you in To all those that'll be listening later again much. Appreciate your efforts over the Year I hope everyone has a great holiday season and happy New Year and we'll just picked us up in 2024 and hit the ground running with a lot more contributions from the community.

Tyler Wright: Thank you everybody. Talk to you soon.

Andrey Arapov: thank you my

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, everyone.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:31:42 ðŸ‘‹
