# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Update on Documentation.
- Next steps for documentation.
- Updates on ongoing website revamp.
- Discussion on documentation contributions from community.
- Discussions on Video Documentation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, January, 23 2024
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- Benjamin B
- Joao Luna
- Mayank Choudhary
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- TG (Thomas Greco )
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes 
### Tyler Wright
- Tyler Wright welcomes everyone to the first SIG Documentation meeting of 2024, extending New Year wishes to all.
- Discuss current documentation updates and encourage community involvement due to limited capacity within the core team to maintain documentation.
- Emphasis on seeking contributions from community members, insiders, vanguards, etc.
- Proposal to introduce rewards for documentation contributions, considering bounties for specific items.
- Acknowledgment of ongoing changes to the revamped website impacting documentation.
- Encourage community members to contribute new documentation for the revamped website through a dedicated section, ensuring it's back-ported to the current website.
- Assistance available from Tyler for those needing help with documentation suggestions or contributions.
- Shared a [link](https://akash.hooman.digital/) in the chat for the ongoing website revamp.
- Current documentation led by Scott with contributions from the community.
- Updated structure for the sidebar from working group docs 2.0, influenced by Luna.
- Shared link to engineering documentation by Scott Carruthers for in-depth Akash Network understanding.
- Encouraged members to check the revamp website for a preview of the documentation's look and feel.
- Welcomed suggestions for page optimization; encouraged posting in the website revamp or sig documentation Discord Channel.
### Video Content Plans by Thomas Greco
- Thomas Greco shares plans for creating video content, aiming to discuss specific content with Zach and other community members.
- Thomas updates on his video content creation, acknowledging a delay due to documentation finalization concerns raised by Tyler.
- Thomas mentions creating an initial video demonstrating the deployment of a Next.js app, awaiting feedback before proceeding with more content.
- Tyler appreciates Thomas's efforts despite the delay caused by the website revamp, suggests sharing the video in SIG Documentation or Insiders Channel for initial feedback.
- Tyler and Thomas discuss the strategy for finalizing and circulating the videos once completed, acknowledging alignment on the approach with Scott's feedback being beneficial.
- Tyler expresses gratitude for Thomas's efforts and anticipates the positive impact once the videos are finalized

### Thomas Greco: Migration and Documentation 2.0 Feedback
- Thomas mentioned ongoing rebranding of Cloudmos to Akash Network console.
- Inquired about the completion status of the migration.
- Tyler confirmed the ongoing status, with certain functionalities still in progress.
- Thomas expressed satisfaction with the Documentation 2.0's appearance but plans to review it in detail.
- Offered assistance and a second set of eyes for feedback on flow or any specific areas needing attention.

### Community Involvement in Documentation
- Tyler emphasized the community effort in updating documentation.
- Encouraged members, including Thomas, to contribute to documentation optimization, copy updates, and more.
- Highlighted the goal of having Scott and Andrey focus on high-level review and merging PRs.
- Scott clarified his role, stating he is more involved in writing and updating documentation rather than restructuring Docs 2.0.
- Advised Thomas to provide structure feedback to Tyler and content-related feedback to himself.
- Suggested using the Discord Sig Documentation Channel for communication.
- Tyler urged participants to consider ways to help with documentation, including editing and identifying gaps.
- Mentioned the plan to create a list of documentation improvement areas and introduce bounties.
- Encouraged community members to contribute suggestions for potential bounties and pricing structures.
- Emphasized the need for setting the tone and initiating the work in defining the pricing structure.

### Documentation Management and GitHub Process:
- Thomas inquired about the process for content modification and GitHub PRs.
- Tyler explained the absence of an open issues list for Sig Documentation.
- Tyler suggested starting by suggesting items in the Sig Documentation Discord Channel.
- Tyler shared plans to link the repo inside the revamped website for documentation updates via PRs.
- Encouraged updating documentation in the website revamped repo while waiting for the revamp to go live.
- Mentioned the need for documentation on AMD GPU support on the Akash Network.

### Documentation Updates and New Content:
- Tyler inquired about any new documentation or edits from Scott and Andrey.
- Scott mentioned a community-contributed PR regarding subquery integration for indexing Akash Network attributes.
- Scott identified the need for documentation on GPU provider build, specifically for AMD, as the next significant addition.
- Scott Proposed collaboration with Tyler on splitting the tasks for documentation creation.
- Andrey highlighted the raw format of AMD documentation as comments in GitHub.
- Andrey mentioned existing issues, such as GPU account degradation with mixed GPU vendors, needing resolution before finalizing documentation.
- Discussed potential challenges, including issues with deploying Jupyter containers and locating GPUs for AMD.
- Andrey emphasized the need for a global consensus and addressing outstanding issues before shipping AMD documentation.
- Scott clarified the stance on mixed AMD and Nvidia support on a single Kubernetes worker node, stating it's currently not supported.

### Hardware recommendations documentation
- There is an existing document with some guidance for hardware recommendations for Akash providers, but it has some problems with the structuring.
- Rodrigo mentioned the importance of updating the experimental build examples section in the documentation.
- Rodrigo acknowledged Shimpa's efforts in revamping the rough draft for Hardware Recommendations, expecting a more finalized version soon.
- The draft will be reviewed by others and then added to the documentation.
- Scott highlighted the community's role in maintaining such documentation over time.
- Suggested that the Providers channel in Discord has become more design-oriented and discussed the idea of separating it into provider design and provider troubleshooting or potentially adding a hardware-specific channel.
- Andrey and Rodrigo agreed with the idea of creating separate channels for hardware-related discussions.
- Tyler supported the idea and proposed discussing it in the Sig Providers meeting.

### Other matters Discusssed
#### Mixed GPU Vendor Support and AMD Documentation:
- Scott reiterated the current stance of not supporting mixed vendors on a single host, emphasizing the need for clarity in documentation.
- Andrey highlighted considerations for AMD deployments, including the need for additional software and potential challenges in obtaining a "golden image" for AMD.
- Mentioned creating a question in the AMD device plugin repository but awaiting responses.
- Tyler expressed gratitude for Andrey's perspective and suggested discussing these issues during the Engineering sync.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of prioritizing experimental documentation for AMD, allowing the community to provide feedback on the user experience.
- Andrey agreed to proceed with prioritizing documentation for community testing, even if in an experimental state.

### Closing Remarks
##### Tyler wright
- Thomas committed to creating more videos, with plans to share them in Discord for real-time feedback.
- Tomorrow's Sig Providers meeting will delve into the discussion of creating a provider hardware channel and include a presentation on an open-source auditing tool by Benjamin.
- Continued work on the AMD support documentation with the aim of sharing it with the community for feedback and optimization.
- Ongoing community involvement encouraged for reviewing current documentation, providing feedback, and contributing to the evolving structure and content.
- The mention of Shimpa sharing documentation on builds with Scott, indicating imminent updates.
- Tyler expressed appreciation for everyone's time and contributions.
- Encouraged inviting others interested in documentation to join meetings and Discord discussions.

## Action Items
- Thomas to share video content in Sig Documentation or Insiders Channel for feedback.
- Tyler to gather feedback on the ongoing migration status bt cloudmos and provide updates in future meetings
- Tyler to share the repository link for documentation updates in the Sig Documentation Channel.
- Documentation on AMD GPU support on the Akash Network to be added to the website revamped repo.
- Scott and Andrey to address outstanding issues with GPU provider documentation and seek consensus before finalizing.
- Further discussion on AMD GPU support and documentation in the engineering sync.
- Shimpa to provide a more finalized version of the Hardware Recommendations documentation.
- Discussion on channel separation to be brought up in the Sig Providers meeting


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig documentation. This is the first state documentation meeting of 2024. So again, Happy New Year to everybody. During the Sig documentation monthly meetings. The group comes together to discuss all current documentation folks talk about documentation Updates. This is a Sig where we're looking for more contributions from members of our core team have limited capacity to continue to maintain

Tyler Wright: the documentation amongst a number of other responsibilities. So this is something that we're certainly hoping that the community members of the community insiders vanguards Etc and get more involved we're looking to put rewards around this. So again, anybody wants to contribute to documentation. Feel free to share any ideas in state documentation channel on Discord and we can start creating bounties for certain items. I know right now. We're in the midst of a little bit of limbo around the website with some changes being made to the revamped website right now, which have to effect on documentation because the docks are being moved from network slash documentation or slash doctor rather.

Tyler Wright: What I would suggest in the meantime and I've already talked to the folks that are managing the website revamp as well as they help to manage the current website as a part of the community. Bounty is have folks contribute if they have any new documentation that needs to go on the website and this goes for community members specifically, I would ask that you put it inside of the website revamp o. There is a specific section for docs and you can follow the instructions on how to access it. And then from there it will be back ported to the current website while we wait. But again, these are things that I can help folks with offline if anybody has any suggestions for documentation that they want to see added subtracted or

Tyler Wright: 12 meeting of the year the group really went over I guess some of the items that I was talked about today next steps for the documentation again, I'll share a link in the chat for folks right now for the website revamp and the structure and the setup obviously can continue to improve but on that docs page you can see a culmination of the current documentation that again has been led by Scott and now is like getting contributions from other people in the community if an updated structure for the sidebar that came out of working group docs 2.0 that Luna was heavily instrumental in

Tyler Wright: as well as a link to the engineering documentation, which is an effort that Scott Carruthers had been doing basically by himself to have more in-depth documentation for folks that are looking to build on top of Akash or looking to understand the accost Network at the deeper level. So again on the current revamp website, you can kind of get a look at to what the documentation will look and feel like over time. If anybody has any suggestions on optimization for this page again, feel free to drop those inside the website revamp. You can make an issue or you can start a conversation in safe documentation Discord Channel and You can go from there.

Tyler Wright: Other than that, I know that Thomas who's on the call here today had some plans to create some video content and talk to Zach and other members of the community about specific content so we can talk about that. I know that we also had to have as an agenda item, but usually talk about any new documentation that may have been added in the past couple weeks. I know that again we've been in kind of a holding pattern the past couple weeks, but usually that's something that gets covered during these monthly meeting calls. And then again, we can open it up to the floor if anybody had anything else that they want to specifically discuss that hasn't been discussed related to documentation.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: cool What?

Thomas Greco: Yet and I'd love to chime in regarding.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely.

Thomas Greco: Yeah. Happy New Year. first and foremost everybody glad to be back.

Thomas Greco: So yeah, we can lift off. It was a little bit of a guy they can in between state with the documentation.

Thomas Greco: You just kind of means that exact and I were. Trying to figure out a plan.

Thomas Greco: For it's using my time. wisely and specifically

Thomas Greco: That meant not filming any. Videos of me going to the documentation until it was all finalized. tie you and I spoke kind of on the side and you expressed just a need for videos in video content

Thomas Greco: and so is a fair share that still and ask

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Thomas Greco: alright, so I've been kind of tied up with other projects. It's and the beginning of this year. But as I mentioned on the Thursday's call. I spent together.

Thomas Greco: an initial video showing deploying and xjs app just like the basic, Bare Bones like baby step video

Thomas Greco: and some happy to share that I was really kind of waiting to get feedback too from people on my initial video in the format of the videos, but it seems as though no news is good news, and I'm just gonna go forward with it.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, so yeah in terms of video content. I think over these next few days. I will.

Thomas Greco: You'll be kind of getting. Some videos from me.

Thomas Greco: Showing the Akash console. He's deployments. Going to that process. I won't be showing the docs specifically I'll be waiting until the docs are done. to show them and so yeah, let me know. That sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful for me. That sounds great. I know that the process has been slowed a little bit by this website revamp being in a little bit of delayed in the launch, especially because there's a couple of critical elements in terms of endings and just the back end structure of it so apologies, but I know that the working group for a cash website and Sig designer working hard to figure that But in the meantime Thomas, yeah, I think some content would be great. I know that Scott gave feedback on their original video maybe a little bit about Pace. I'm sure other people gave you a little bit of feedback as well. But I think you should continue moving forward as you have and maybe drop a video in sync documentation or maybe even insiders Channel as well to get some initial feedback andâ€¦

Thomas Greco: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: that might be a great place to start and then once it's finalized then I'm

Tyler Wright: exact will have a strategy on where we can put it and how we can circulate it a wider if we just create some blog around it in the meantime or what the case may do. So I really appreciate those efforts and I think they'll go a long way once they're finalized.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, no problem and yet wearing Scott's feedback that those. Really useful, so thanks again for that.

Thomas Greco: It's clear that we're definitely the same page for kind of. what? We think the best. Approach to these really are so yeah. I'm excited for that.

Thomas Greco: I do have another migration that's happening has been from cloud most to that Akash Network or Not sure if I get the ordering on there like cash console that Network. But is that right?

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Thomas Greco: Is that migration done?

Thomas Greco: but

Tyler Wright: No, that migration is ongoing so I believe there is. network where you can deploy the Akash console beta which is cloud most back-end. but it does not have the full functionality of cloud most andâ€¦

Thomas Greco: but

Tyler Wright: I believe that is still ongoing. There's an item that's in the road map.

Tyler Wright: But yeah, the max are so working on that so you won't get the full functionality of the cloud most app.

Thomas Greco: I

Tyler Wright: At console, but you'll get a lot of it and they'll get The Branding element.

Thomas Greco: okay, go so it's cool to use that and all right awesome andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Thomas Greco: then the last thing I mentioned was that. But the documentation 2.0. I think it looks really great.

Thomas Greco: I haven't really got the sift through it in detail. And so that's definitely something I put on my list of things to do, but I just Area if you need the second set of eyeballs on anything. or would just like me to check out the flow of things. whatever area might need assistance don't hesitate to reach out because yeah, I know that can go a long way.

Tyler Wright: I don't think I'll speak for Scott and Scott can feel free to chime in but one of the hopes of this sig documentation is to get more folks like yourselves that are interested in contributing to documentation and can so that Scott Andre and other members of the kind of core team. They're working on a number of things like teacher editions, just like new products can focus on that and are basically just reviewing at the highest level some of this stuff. I know that Scott again has spent a great deal of effort as Andre and particular time to optimize specific documentation and think about the flow and participate a number of meetings. But as we move forward the goal is that

Tyler Wright: Scott and Andre can be at this meeting can give feedback. But in between these meetings as much of it's very much a community effort on updating documentation working together to make sure that the flow is optimized updating any copy if it needs to be updated directly and then all Scott and potentially Andre are doing is just like merging PRS and it's just our Been effort so I apologize if I'm speaking on behalf of you, but just want to put

Scott Carruthers: I think all that is fair and maybe one additional plane of clarification is I'm not really overly involved and they restructuring of document documentation 2.0. So I'm still definitely very involved and writing new documentation are updating existing documentation, but just based on assignments and focuses. I haven't really been to involved in. the Threshold just restructuring of the docs 2.0. So Thomas I would recommend I guess I would say two things. If you have any feedback on this structure of ducks 2.0. I would probably just feed that to Tyler and then Tyler can. distribute that to the people that are working on those efforts or the necessary parties and then if there was feedback on actual

Scott Carruthers: Content of documentation if you get into a provider documentation and believe that's something should be clarified, then you can definitely bring that to me. So I'd say structure Tyler and then content you can bring to myself.

Thomas Greco: Okay, and then I mean, I'll probably just use the diet cig documentation Channel.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, yeah, that's fine. Yeah, just leave it there and then whoever is assigned or responsible. I'll pick it up from there. So yeah, that's fine.

Thomas Greco: cool, definitely want to take as much stuff off your guys's Place possible, free Epson bandwidth

Tyler Wright: Much appreciated and again, especially over the next month or so. I would like participants in this group to start to. Think more about ways that they can help with documentation, whether it's like editing current documentation or gaps whether it be in the sdl. I know Benjamin I talked about that previously gaps that users may be stumbling across that maybe we be able to optimize I would like to start to

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: pray, a list of what those things might be get contributions from folks in the community and have suggestions on a potential Bounty so we can start to put together a board and kind of like a structure that makes sense for everybody of what an edit should cost what a new document should cost so that we can start to figure out next steps in terms of the operational component of Again, incentivizing folks to continue to contribute to documentation. So I'm hoping that folks on this call that are involved right now can really Step Up in setting the tone and doing the work and studying kind of the initial ructure of what a pricing structure might look like.

Thomas Greco: yeah, okay, that's a good and so just the GitHub just make for content and modification there Edition that process is just like PR is to GitHub Aries. What I'm trying to get at is there a list of open issues or anything?

Thomas Greco: and githubers project

Tyler Wright: There's no list of open.

Tyler Wright: There's no list of open issues right now for the Sig documentation. And in terms of order of operation when I would suggest is start by suggesting items in Sig documentation Discord Channel. And then from there we can start to finalize where items should go. I will link specifically the repo inside of the revamped website where things should be because This will be the place where all documentation will be updated via PR. I'm going to link that to everybody in six documentation after this call with some readme instructions from the website team just on how folks can update documentation and then my suggestion is while we're waiting for the website revamp Continue to update.

Tyler Wright: A documentation in that website revamped repo and then anything that's really pressing will get back ported manually by a member by either Peterson his team or a member of the core team to the current documentation docs out of network. as an example, and I hate to put some folks on the spot, but I know that Scott and Andre have been extensively testing. AMD support as a GPU type on the Akash Network. I believe that a Next Step would be creating documentation that we can add to the

Tyler Wright: Docs for folks that are trying to use AMD gpus I'm going to cost Network. We should probably put that on the current website right now because again, I think it will live fairly soon, but we can add it to the website revamp repo and then I'll make sure it gets back towards.

Thomas Greco: Yeah. Yeah sure That'll be useful which is quite a bit to sift Between overclock too and a cash Network. but specifically

Tyler Wright: I'll share that repo in.

Tyler Wright: and sick documentation

Tyler Wright: real quick. Can we take a brief aside to quickly put a laughing emoji at Rodrigo being a Dallas Cowboys fan. cool

Thomas Greco: I was actually gonna chime in and say I'm a die-hard Cowboys fan. So I'm gonna have to veto that.

Thomas Greco: Okay.

Tyler Wright: There's a number of people we can laugh with prilo this call.

Thomas Greco: What's up existence?

Tyler Wright: You want a top existence? Yeah. Cool is anyone.

Scott Carruthers: Whether it's Sorry for additional side.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: But Broadway is saying that I sound like I'm from Texas. I've never Rotary, that's the first time that anyone has told me that do really do I sound like I'm from, Texas. Because I don't mind that but I've never heard that.

Rodrigo Rochin: I just moved I think you have a western accent, but I really like it. I dig it. And I figure like you andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, no, I'm from you.

Rodrigo Rochin: your spare time. You probably wear a cowboy hat in boots, or I don't know. Maybe you're from I don't know but

Scott Carruthers: No, I'm from.

Rodrigo Rochin: I really like it.

Scott Carruthers: All yeah, that's no I'm actually from New York. So I don't know where the Western accent is coming from. But yeah, I'm down with it andâ€¦

Thomas Greco: I mean he had time

Scott Carruthers: And growing up in New York state. ironically I'm a Cowboys fan as well. So I don't know how that happened but sounds like it's all coming together perfectly.

Tyler Wright: Yes, Exactly.

Thomas Greco: Yes, got it.

Andrey Arapov: Maybe from the past life.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, I don't know why I just thought you were Western from I don't remember the states of up, Texas, but somewhere in the south.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, no,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: But very imagined that you were from,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: that's a yeah, I mean.

Rodrigo Rochin: New York.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I'm not from the city. So yeah, I definitely don't have the Long Island accent. But yeah, I'm from New York state. But yeah, I'll take the Western accent. I've been told before that I sound like I have a computer generated voice and I sound like Darth Vader. So in those options, I'll take a look.

Tyler Wright: cool All right.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any documentation or I guess specifically Scott and Andre because I know between last meetings you all. I've been working over things and I'll been break. Is there any new documentation or documentation edits, that might be worth sharing with focus on the call that it

Scott Carruthers: Okay, if I need to come to mind, so we had a request subquery to their doing some indexing of Akash Network attributes or cost network data, so they submitted a PR and I merge that so that's in Integrations now, so that's a document created by the community. It's obviously been a long time since we did our last Sig documentation. So I bet I would assume that there probably were some small documentation edits, but none of any significance really come to mind something. They come to Andy's mind. So yeah, really the subquery document document Edition is really the only thing I can think of and Tyler to your point that certainly then next document of significance that needs to be added is the

Scott Carruthers: GPU provider build Andy we obviously can Take this offline, but wonder if we want to split that up. If you want to go through based on your build of the AMD provider on circus scale if you wanted to. kind of divide this up if you wanted to take some of the scaffolding of another way it needed to do this on circuit scale, but obviously another

Scott Carruthers: bare metal machines will have to go through the install of the

Scott Carruthers: AMD drivers and then also some guidance on Using rock them or rocm. It's me instead of Nvidious me so we could go through all that in a documentation. So yeah, I'll take this opinion on this and even maybe something that we could work on together this week, but maybe you could go through some of the scaffolding of that and then I could take some of the bare bone structure and turn it into documentation for the documentation site. And yeah, I think that's really the only items that come to my mind.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, thanks, but for MD, I think the documentation we kind of have it in a very role format is a form of comments in GitHub that we can copy paste stuff into the official recommendation. But the global thing is that the major issue there is if you can see in the support repo issue number 142 there are there a few things that they like in degradation of the GPU account when you have mixed GPU vendors and medium D on the single host things so yet to be fixed before pushing the recommendation I would say, but I know if people want to have it ship this as fast as possible, even if it's like we'll say in the working way, but

00:25:00

Andrey Arapov: In this specific condition where you have a single per host, then it's fine with me. But other than that, I would prefer rather like to make sure that the provider has this issue fixed first, and there are a couple of more things. Such as when somebody deploys something with the jupyo, if he spawns into the port container, he needs to install specific software to locate the GPU to actually work with it, but

Andrey Arapov: drivers and stuff like that because these things are getting through the pot by default with a media in immediate review but not with So you need basically to find something to run on AMD and see how painful it will be for the customer because if we ship it this way, then it might be painful for my point of view. Other than that and if everyone is okay with that, I'm fine to ship it this way, but we need to find the global consensus first and only then we should go with the documentation for AMD. Let's try and take

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I Andy I just to let you know and we can take this up and Engineering sink as well. But we have the once significant issue that you just raised of mixed AMD and video support on a single. Kubernetes worker node. So we talked about that last week and our stances that's not currently supported. So just as we don't currently support end video Gpus,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, fine fine.

Scott Carruthers: I'm just say most yes.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I remember this conversation. I just want to like to iterate again. Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, yeah, so that and we would obviously very clear. It's called us out in the documentation as well. But yeah, the current stances. We do not support mix vendors on a single host.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah the time and the other thing is that to make sure when you customer creates a deployment in Akash for AMD. He might figure that he needs to install some additional software or just basically get some kind of let's say quote unquote golden image for AMD image Docker image. So it contains all these drivers because there's difference between the plugin the VR is for NVIDIA Whereas in Nvidia device plugin in automatically supports the future and basically mounts over from the host to the pot the directories in the drivers for accessing the immediate GPU and for AMD, you basically need to install specific drivers or have software that already has the driver so to

Andrey Arapov: so that you are able to basically communicate with the AMD card but generally MD card gets through the container without any problem as a device under a slash dri. So it's all about the usability I would say right now. I've created the question in the issues of the AMD device plugin repository for their developers. And I think I still haven't received any information on that yet. There's a possibility that we also try to look for different kind of plug. And that supports AMD and supports all these things out of the box or in the worst case. We'll have to contribute to In the code, is this extensions and I'm actually not sure how much work would be required there. But I think it's quite extensive so it's for information.

Tyler Wright: Andy I appreciate that perspective, it's Scott mentioned we can talk about some of the stuff during the engineering sink specific to this issue. I would just say generally if we can prioritize even if it's an experimental State, I know that there's some folks in the community that have AMD gpus and I would just like them to be able to test out General documentation. Even if there's some limitations right now, but I would just like them to test out the process so we can get some Community feedback on some of the things that you're talking about whether it's user experience or onboarding experience or whatever. So if we can be one of documentation for andâ€¦

00:30:00

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: David go from there.

Andrey Arapov: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Excellent life, cool. Thank you Andrey. Is there any other? Specific documentation that anybody is seen or anybody on the inside of the vanguards are part of the community has seen people in the community get hiccup on or stuck on or anything that anybody has any suggestions on improving in terms of documentation.

Tyler Wright: Go.

Rodrigo Rochin: So we talked about this in the Bangor Channel or insiders channel, the experimental build examples there in there. chimpa said and recommended there's always gonna be new hardware being released. and I think he said that he would happily edit them. I'm not familiar with the best hardware for built. But I think that section is very helpful. I presented it to some of the people asking about building providers and Discord, too. And let them know that it would be updated. So not sure if she is here who could keep that updated, but I think it would be really helpful for all of us.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, so ship is not currently here, but he actually shared a rough draft and these are shrimpas words. It was a very rough draft, but I thought a lot of the content in the direction he was going with or were great so

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so we know that for a while there's been a document and experimental with some guidance for Hardware recommendations for a cost providers. And we thought there was a lot of polls and problems with the structuring so ship but took on revamping that and as all documentation I would think that that would be something that would be maintained by the community over time because that was another issue with the existing document as obviously hard work can become outdated and that kind of documentation could take a lot of love and care over time, but I think that will work very well in the community. So yeah, the update is shambo's written a rough draft for that and I would think that he would have a More finalized version that people like myself and Andy could review and then get into the documentation very soon. So not putting words in champa's mouth. But basically from what I've seen I would think that as plausible we might have that.

Scott Carruthers: Hardware recommendation documentation up and the next couple weeks.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thanks Alex there. I didn't know it existed until two or three weeks ago. If I had seen it before I probably would have started building one of those.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. I'd also say this isn't necessarily documentation related, but has some Association Any I was going to reach out to you for your opinion on this as well. I noticed recently that the providers channel in Discord is mostly full of. Conversations around this very topic like Hardware recommendations and people reaching out to others in the community asking what Hardware they use for their provider build in it seems like the providers channel has become very design oriented instead of troubleshooting oriented. And I think that the danger with that is if someone is looking for a troubleshooting topic and might start to become difficult to find past conversations or their current conversation might get muddied by a lot of design conversations. So Tyler and something that we

Scott Carruthers: May want to consider going forward as I wonder if we'd be better start by having a provider design and a provider troubleshooting. Channel

Andrey Arapov: Or we could have a hardware Channel Maybe. Yeah, I think it's a good point.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, something like that. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: You brought up Scotty. Yeah, definitely. I agree.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, okay.

Tyler Wright: I agree as well we can figure out how to make that happen. And I think we have sick providers tomorrow. So

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: We can either bring that up tomorrow. Just wait a day or we can just make the change now and just talk about it tomorrow. I don't know how people feel on this call. I know some that'll be on this call also being sick providers, but does anyone from the community have any issues about separating those two channels so we can keep Channel specific to again troubleshooting provider fixes and all that kind of stuff and then a separate channel for Hardware.

Tyler Wright: All right, figure that out and take next steps there but much appreciate you bringing that up Scott. Does anyone else have anything documentation related that hasn't been discussed? already

Tyler Wright: I know it's an action items off follow up and share some repos on where people can specifically contribute to documentation. So that again it will live in the website revamp repo and it'll be visible in the staging site. But then again any specific documentation that needs to be added a timely fashion will get back ported to the current website while we For the website recap to happen.

Tyler Wright: Thomas is going to spend some time continuing to create some videos and I'll share those and Discord with folks so that you can get some real-time feedback. And again we can get those shared across social and attitude YouTube or whatever Zach has in mind for him. And then again, we'll talk about the provider Hardware Channel tomorrow a little bit more detail during Sig providers. I know that as an aside Benjamin who is working on a open source auditing tool believe also be presentation providers to talk a little bit about next steps with his project. So feel free to join that conversation tomorrow as well as I'm sure continued conversations around State providers.

Tyler Wright: and then yeah, we'll just continue to work on a B1 of the AMD support documentation that I'll be shared with folks in the community and it could be continued to be optimized over time and the community will continue to look at the documentation themselves both the current docs data Costa Network as well as again, the staging link that's available for folks and continue to get feedback on any documentation holes anything that I think can be edited. Proved Etc and we'll start to map out kind of like a Time structure and a pricing structure for rewards around more Community contributions for they cost stocks.

Tyler Wright: Alright much appreciate everybody if there's nothing else then let you all go a couple minutes early and we can continue to talk on Discord and follow up with those action items. And again as mentioned simple has also been sharing documentation in terms of builds with Scott. So I'm sure that documentation will be available and updated very soon but much appreciated everybody's time and contributions today and we'll continue to work together offline. If you know anybody that wants to get involved in documentation and feel free to have them, join these calls or join the meeting or join the Discord so that again we can find more folks in the community that can contribute to documentation but much appreciate you all. Thank you very much.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you very much. Thank you everyone.

Benjamin B: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: That's everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: the

Meeting ended after 00:39:06 ðŸ‘‹

