# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #14

## Agenda
- Welcome and Introduction
- Review of Documentation Updates
- Community Contributions and Collaboration
- Addressing Documentation Issues
- Future Plans and Initiatives

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, February 27, 2024
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- B S, Benjamin B
- Dan Pavel Sinkovicz
- Dimokus
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes 
### Tyler wright
- Welcome to SIG Documentation monthly meeting #14.
- Purpose: Review new documentation updates from the past month.
- Encourage contributions from the community due to small core team.
- Scott Carruthers praised for improving documentation quality.
- Funds available for specific documentation contributions.
- Engineering documentation for technical users created by Scott.
- Issue with live documentation being addressed by Akash website working group.
- Transitioning users to new documentation URL: /docs on Akash Network website.

### Community Contribution to Documentation
- Community members asked to contribute to website revamp repo for documentation.
- Specific instructions provided in the repo.
- Uniformity and regularity in documentation encouraged.
- Previous meeting discussed contribution methods: written and video documentation.
- Combination of written and video documentation encouraged.
- Discussions on adding videos to current documentation structure.
- Experimenting with different documentation approaches.
- Scott working on experimental documentation for provider feature Discovery service.
- Documentation under construction for providers upgrading with GPUs.
- Issues with one provider causing rework by the core team.
- Documentation for provider feature Discovery upgrades to be modified accordingly.
  
### Relayer Documentation 
- Emphasis on the need for more relayer documentation for Akash.
- Dan mentioned desire for simple guide to make relaying on Akash easier.
- Dan tasked with creating relayer documentation, with support from the community.
- Invitation to ask questions or share comments in the SIG Documentation Channel or privately to Tyler Wright.
- Recognition of efforts from the core team and Dan for their contributions to documentation.

### Future Plans and Initiatives
- Scott, Andrey, and community members acknowledged for their efforts in improving documentation quality.
- Continuous refinement of documentation through battle testing and user feedback.
- Encouragement for users to provide feedback on documentation gaps or consistent questions in the docs channel.
- Rewards available for contributors to documentation.
- Recap of developments since the last SIG docs monthly meeting.
- Discussion on alternative ways to contribute to documentation for those less inclined towards writing.
- Emphasis on collaboration and support from community members in structuring and optimizing documentation.

### Closing Remarks 
#### Tyler wright
- Tyler Wright encouraged questions on documentation.
- Mentioned updates from Thomas Greco and highlighted Sig documentation.
- Acknowledged Europlots' video contribution on port forwarding.
- Encouraged feedback on documentation and offered rewards for new documentation contributions.
- Invited contributions and urged spreading the word to the community.
- Expressed appreciation for attendees' time and contributions.
- Ended the meeting, thanking everyone.
- Emphasized the importance of various forms of contributions beyond traditional documentation, such as videos or Medium posts.
- Highlighted the significance of documentation for community support, including 24/7 support on Discord.
- Stressed the need for user-friendly documentation to facilitate onboarding new users to the Akash Network. 

## Action Items
- Dan to create relayer documentation for Akash, seeking input and support from the community.
- Tyler Wright to provide instructions for contributing to the website revamp repo in the meeting notes and SIG Documentation Channel.
- Scott to provide updates on the progress of experimental documentation related to provider feature Discovery service.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig documentation monthly meeting number 14. During the special interest group for documentation monthly meetings. The group goes over any new documentation that has been updated over the last month. So that folks can ask any specific questions to the documentation writers. this is certainly a special interest group where we're looking for more contributions from the general Community as many know the overclock Labs core team is very small and as momentum continues to push many of the efforts of the core team are now being focused on feature additions the core product and again continuing to improve the Akash Network.

Tyler Wright: Scott Carruthers who's on this call has been Paramount in taking Sig documentation from what it was which was very fragmented a couple of years ago to something that is very complete. And again, the documentation has gone through rigorous testing from Andrey and other members of the community to make sure that it solves users issues. So much appreciate Scott Andre and others for all their contributions to documentation as we've moved into 2024. There are specific. Funds available to those that want to contribute to specific documentation.

Tyler Wright: I know over the last month again since the last meeting during Sig documentation meeting number 13. The group went over new ways in which we're asking folks to contribute to documentation. as previously mentioned the website revamp that went live a little while ago, maybe like a couple weeks ago. The docks are now a part of that website revamp.

Tyler Wright: There are some current issues because Scott Carruthers also did a great job of creating from scratch engineering documentation. So for those that are trying to contribute to the core product those that are end testing. Those are really looking to do things. They're a little bit more technical on that cost network besides again deploy and set up a provider. there's documentation that's been created for again that specific engineering audience. The documentation There's a little bit of a Issue as we went live, but again that issue is being rectified by the working group for their cost website as we speak.

Tyler Wright: So once that's updated we're going to certainly be pushing users towards the new documentation a slash docs as opposed to Ducks data network. But for anybody here on this call that's looking to contribute to documentation to ask is that you all contribute to the new Ducks so a network and slash docs and then again those changes will be reflected once merged in the new docs and we'll make sure that the structure is updated. I know that's the members of the core team have their own flow, but for members of the community that want to contribute to documentation, we ask that you contribute to the website revamp repo Inside of that repo there are specific. Instructions for those that are looking to contribute to documentation.

Tyler Wright: I'm going to drop those instructions inside of the chat for here and I'll make them available in notes as well for anybody that needs them. But again because of the way that the new website was constructed, it should be significantly easier for folks to contribute to documentation and there is a flow that we're asking folks. to follow so that there is some uniformity and regularity and how documentation looks especially as we again continue to get contributions from the community.

Tyler Wright: The last meeting we talked at a high level about again how folks can contribute and again, I've attached how to contribute in the chat here members on that call talked about specific ways that they wanted to contribute including a combination of written documentation. That'll be added to the cost on Network slash docs as well as some video documentation that can either be added on YouTube or over time. I know there's been discussions the last couple of meetings about when applicable adding videos to some of the current structure the documentation so that Folks at learn in different ways have the ability to read and follow documentation and copy code Snippets when applicable or others can just again, I'll pull up a video and follow along with that video. So this is a number of ways that we're looking to for folks that contribute to documentation.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Since the last meeting, I know there's been some experimental documentation that's been worked on and continues to be worked Scott on the call and doesn't have to go into deep in depth because I know that documentation is still a work in progress right now, but with the launch of the provider future Discovery service, there's some documentation for providers that have gpus that are looking to upgrade again that documentation is under construction right now. Some of the providers have a successfully upgraded but there was a small issue with one provider that caused. Some rework from the core team and so again documentation related to provided feature Discovery upgrades will be changed and modified to reflect some of those changes. So look out for that documentation coming very soon.

Tyler Wright: In addition to that I think Dan kind of mentioned it. There is certainly a desire and need for some more relayer documentation. So for folks that are looking to relay on a cost making it easier and having a simple guy for them to go through the steps would be very helpful. I think it would contribute to

Tyler Wright: More people using the relayer so Dan on the call today is going to help with that documentation. And if he has any questions comments, you can feel free to drop them in Sig documentation Channel where folks like myself Scott Andre other members of the community can provide some insights or he can ping me privately. So again want to shout out the efforts of the core team as well as Dan for their contributions to documentation.

Tyler Wright: One thing that we ask at every meeting is for folks that want to contribute, again, I'm of the opinion that Scott has done a great job along with Andre and many other members of the community to continue to battle test documentation continue to improve documentation. I know Andre icc's folks that are interacting with documentation and maybe having some issues. There's small little tweaks that get discussed and get added so that again users can come in as quickly as possible be able to build the provider or be able to deploy on the network. So as we continue to move forward if anybody sees any documentation

Tyler Wright: gaps or if anybody sees any consistent question, can we go over this during six support as well? But if anybody sees any consistent questions that maybe aren't specifically outline and documentation and could be improved by documentation. Feel free to drop those suggestions in docs channel so we can discuss those and then again if anybody wants to step up and contribute to writing that documentation, there are rewards available for those that want to contribute there.

Tyler Wright: So again, we've talked about what's happened at the last Sig cs monthly meeting. We've talked about some documentation that has been developed over. The last month or is in the pipeline as we continue to move forward.

Tyler Wright: Kind of think of what else we can discuss. Again for folks that maybe don't feel like writing is there best medium? It'd be great to still map out how you can go through steps. And then I know that there are folks on this call that maybe a little bit less technical that can developing out some of that documentation in the same sort of format as is today. So again, even if you are Technical and don't feel like you're a strong writer, there's still ways that you can contribute to supporting documentation, whether it be testing documentation that's written by others and helping to optimize or again just like structuring out documentation and getting support from other members of the community to help get that documentation merged and live

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: does anyone have any specific questions related to documentation that they want to discuss today?

Tyler Wright: All The last thing I will say is and I'll link to it real fast right here on this pad that I'm showing I do want to remind folks that again if there's docs obviously right here, but there's other ways in which folks can contribute specific guys, whether it be video or medium posts that maybe fall a little bit outside of specific documentation, but are ways that folks contribute to either writing or doing video around specific initiatives, whether it be deploying on a cost being a provider on the cost or other specific topics that might be interesting to you. So again,

Tyler Wright: Docs is certainly something that many people in the community interact with quite often. It is a support goal for vanguards and insiders that are giving 24 by 7 support inside Discord and other channels docs are a way that again are supplemental tools that the community can rely on and they can follow step by step. So we want to continue to make those as fine-tuned and is friendly to the user as possible so that we can continue to onboard more and more users to your class Network.

Tyler Wright: All I know I've been on a monologue. Does anyone have any specific questions about anything documentation related?

Tyler Wright: If not know where is we can certainly cut this meeting short. I know there will be some updates from Thomas Greco who I will see you later today. So I'll have him put any updates that he has and Sig documentation big shout to Euro plots who again continuously makes videos. I know that he just made a video on port forwarding. So again, we'll make sure that that gets added to the community contributions area and could be a reference video for those that might be having issue with that part of the provider set up. But again, please everyone on this call as you see people

Tyler Wright: In the community, whereas yourself or interacting whether it's deploying or being a provider on a cost. Please feel free to leave any notes comments about documentation, things you like about it things that you think could be improved again gas and documentation and let's talk about those gaps. And then again, there are specific rewards that this group has access to do the work to again write new documentation that will be merged into a casa Network / stocks.

Tyler Wright: So if there's nothing else again, if anybody has any questions about upcoming contributions, feel free to drop those in sig-docs much appreciated everyone's time and effort being here today. Again, please let me know if you need anything, but anybody has any contributions that they want to make to a documentation, you're more than welcome and invite your friends. I think this will be some part of the zeli activities as well. So again, this is an initiative that we're certainly looking for more Community contributions or so again, please let folks that you see in Discord or other channels know that want to get more involved. This is certainly a way they get involved earn akt understand more. how it costs works. So again much appreciate everyone's time today and

Tyler Wright: Sure, we'll catch up and have more folks here at the next six docs monthly meeting. Hope everyone has a great rest of your day. Thank you. As always.

Andrey Arapov: I think we are. Going on.

Tyler Wright: everybody YouTube

Benjamin B: for your own but

Meeting ended after 00:14:21 ðŸ‘‹

