# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Welcome and Introduction
- Review of Documentation Updates
- Community Contributions and Collaboration
- Addressing Documentation Issues
- Discuss the migration of documentation from old URL to Akash.network/docs.
- Future Plans and Initiatives

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, March 26, 2024
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- B S,
- Denis Lelic
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Piyush Choudhary
- Thomas Greco
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke E

## Meeting Notes 
### Tyler wright
- Tyler Wright welcomed attendees and outlined the meeting's focus on Akash Network documentation.
- Noted the previous hosting of documentation on docs.datacos.network.
- Highlighted the recent migration efforts led by Scott Andre and others to move documentation to Akash.network/docs.
- Mentioned the URL change and switch from /docs to /docs leading up to the last meeting.
- Acknowledged the decision to consolidate all docs onto Akash.network/docs, with Andre's assistance.
- Identified ongoing issues related to migration.
- Emphasized the need for clarity in phase one of the migration.
- Thomas is Working on CLI documentation, adding 11 labs and creating a series of videos.
- Thomas has already been involved in contributing to documentation.
- Bounty available for community members willing to review and audit documentation on Akash.network/docs.
- Task involves identifying redundant or outdated documentation, addressing spelling issues, and aligning the structure with the new format decided by the group.
- Review documentation comprehensively for redundancy and outdated content.
- Address any structural changes needed to match the new.
### Bounty Assignment Process
- Thomas has already begun reviewing and opening issues for documentation revisions.
- Acknowledges the value of a second set of eyes for confirming changes and avoiding oversight.
- Tyler will create the bounty and share it in the SIG documentation channel.
- Thomas will comment on the bounty with hours and an hourly rate to get started.
- Fixes may vary from simple spelling corrections to more complex formatting discussions.
### Piyush Choudhary's Update
- Raises an issue regarding Cloudmos documentation and the transition to Akash console.
- Shares a link for further discussion and mentions plans to create a PR.
- Tyler acknowledges ongoing discussions and invites Scott to provide input.
- Explains that the rebranding process for Cloudmos console is still in progress.
- Mentions the recommendation from Sig design to merge documentation into Akash Network/docs until the rebranding is complete.
- Thomas asks if Tyler is referring to his PR, which renamed mentions of Cloudmos to Akash console.
- Piyush confirms they are discussing a different topic, unrelated to Thomas's PR.
### Documentation Migration Status
- Scott and Andrey have identified items not yet migrated from the old documentation hosted on GitBook to Akash.network/docs.
- Recent discovery that Cloudmos documentation was missing from the new documentation 
- Tyler suggests merging the staging link provided by Piyush to ensure Cloudmos documentation is live on Akash.network/docs.
- Plan to update the documentation further once the Cloudmos rebranding is complete.
### Discussion on Website Redirects
- Piyush raises concerns about the website directing users to Akash console instead of Cloudmos.
- Scott expresses confusion about the redirection and questions the status of Akash console.
- Tyler acknowledges the issue and mentions previous direction to update the deploy Now button.
- Tyler emphasizes the importance of focusing on completing the rebranding process.
- Scott explains the complexity of the situation, emphasizing the need to maintain Cloudmos deploy documentation until a clear transition to Akash console is announced.
- Highlights the need for new documentation sets for Akash console, as the existing documentation is based on the previous iteration of Akash console.
- Piyush agrees with the explanations provided and plans to make a PR to push Cloudmos content to the main site.
### Agreement on Removing Akash Console Documentation
- Tyler acknowledges Zeke's suggestion in the chat and expresses agreement.
- Scott confirms that there have been discussions about removing Akash console documentation.
- Explains that a header was added to the documentation indicating that Akash console was no longer being developed.
- Scott plans to submit a PR to completely remove Akash console documentation after Piyush's PR reintroducing Cloudmos deploy is merged.
- Thomas indicates that his questions have been answered and expresses thanks to Scott.
- All concerns and questions regarding the removal of Akash console documentation have been addressed, and the plan for action is clear.
### Thomas's Feedback on Docs Site Content
- Thomas mentions some small issues with the website content that he wanted to address.
- Specifically points out clarity needed around the placement of technical content within the "Getting Started" section.
- Highlights the section titled "Transactions" within the "Bids and Leases" subsection as being too technical compared to the rest of the beginner-friendly content.
- Tyler asks for comments on the placement of technical content within the "Getting Started" section.
- Encourages asynchronous feedback if anyone needs more time to provide input.
- Tyler appreciates Thomas bringing up the issue and encourages further discussion or feedback from the team.
### Discussion on Video Documentation
- Thomas inquires about the placement of video format documentation.
- Piyush suggests hosting videos on YouTube and embedding them within the documentation if they are highly official. Otherwise, they can be showcased on Akash education with limited minutes.
- Thomas agrees with the proposal and mentions having a dedicated Akash branch for hosting videos.
- They discuss the possibility of adding watermarks or branding to the videos, with Piyush sharing branding guidelines.
- Tyler mentions Denis from the working group volunteering to help with graphics and editing.
- Thomas appreciates the support and mentions using Scott's resources and potentially reaching out to Denis if needed.
### Issue with Documentation Discrepancies
- Scott raises concern about discrepancies in the documentation, specifically mentioning missing steps in certain sections.
- Scott provides an example where a step for changing the default persistent storage class is missing in the inventory operator section.
- Scott suggests running a new diff to identify missing documentation updates from the period preceding the migration to the new documentation site.
- Piyush agrees to conduct a thorough check to identify missing updates and push the necessary updates.
- Tyler acknowledges the issue and marks it down as an action item, thanking Scott for bringing it up.
### Discussions on Docs migration process, and audit process.
  - Tyler mentioned the need for further discussions on Akash.Network/docs, migration process, and audit process before moving to other agenda items.
  - Initiated phase one of the Bounty for the documentation audit.
  - Tyler encouraged participation in documentation contributions, emphasizing the need for spelling changes, identifying outdated information, and making PRs.
  - Thomas shared progress on videos intended for the documentation site, aiming for consistency in voice and structure.
  - Scott addressed issues with dark mode rendering, resolved by fixing HTML tags in the code block.
  - Scott highlighted an issue with copy-pasting from code blocks in Brave browser, noting it works in Chrome but not in Brave.
  - Piyush agreed to investigate the issue with copy-pasting in Brave browser to find a solution.

### Clarification on the use of Akash console versus Cloudmos deploy.
- Andrey raised a question about the use of Akash console versus Cloudmos deploy, regarding a pull request to the awesome Akash repository.
- Scott clarified that the old Akash console is no longer being developed, and Cloudmos deploy will eventually become the new Akash console through rebranding efforts.
- Andrey acknowledged the clarification and expressed intent to forward users to Cloudmos deploy.
### Discussion on the introductory Section of the Documentation Site.
- Scott Carruthers shared his screen to discuss an area needing urgent attention in the documentation, particularly the intro to Akash section.
- He emphasized that the issue is not technical but related to content.
- Scott suggested that the intro to Akash section could be enhanced to provide a powerful and effective introduction for new users.
- He praised existing sections such as the overview of the Akash topology and descriptions of validator and provider nodes.
- Scott expressed concern about including technical details like desex, G6, and transaction types in the intro section, suggesting they are better suited for deeper sections.
- He recommended revising the intro to focus more on providing a clear and user-friendly introduction to Akash for new users.
### Bounties for Documentation Improvement
- Tyler announced three bounties emerging from the discussion: 
  1. General audit of documentation.
  2. Akash console documentation update.
  3. Rewriting the intro to Akash section.
- He encouraged participants to provide estimates for time and hourly rates for contributing to the bounties.
- Thomas expressed difficulty in estimating the time needed for the documentation audit but offered to dedicate five to ten hours per week.
- Tyler suggested monitoring progress weekly and breaking down the audit into manageable sections.
- Thomas anticipated that smaller bounties might emerge from the larger audit.
- Tyler expressed appreciation for everyone's contributions and encouraged continued involvement in improving documentation.
- The meeting concluded with thanks from Tyler, Scott, Andrey, Thomas, and Piyush.
- Meeting ended after 00:57:59.
## Action Items
- Tyler and Thomas to discuss watermark placement with Denis offline for uniformity in future videos.
- Piyush to investigate and potentially implement a solution for the copy-pasting issue in Brave browser.
- Piyush will conduct a fresh diff to identify missing documentation updates.
- Scott to submit a PR to completely remove Akash console documentation after Piyush's PR reintroducing Cloudmos deploy is merged.
- Tyler to create a bounty for documentation review and share it in the SIG documentation channel.
- Group to merge the staging link provided by Piyush to incorporate Cloudmos documentation into Akash.network/docs.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Excellence this group for documentation is a monthly meeting where the group goes over any thing related to a cost documentation. This is certainly a special interest group where Community contributions are very much welcomed and very much needed. I know there's a couple of folks that have been contributing here already. A couple of high-level announcements before we get into the agenda. One if anybody is creating any issues which again documentation now lives in the website, so if anybody wants to contribute to documentation you go into the website repo. I'll share my screen.

Tyler Wright: He was on the call human HQ have an outline clear instructions on how folks can interact with the docs and contribute beyond that when you go to the issues Any issue that's related to documentation. I see that Thomas already put a dox tag here. I'll also label anything with documentation just so we clearly know is related to the docs and the docs page as opposed to again other parts of the Akash website. For the pull requests. I'll make sure those are labeled too so we can do the same thing there. But as you can see Thomas is already done some labeling. So we'll talk about that a little bit later but much appreciated everybody that's looking to participate for following that structure.

Tyler Wright: cool In it,â€¦

Thomas Greco: Yeah, no. Problem Ty happy to help set the standard.

Tyler Wright: go ahead.

Tyler Wright: right A couple other things to note on a high level there is a mainnet upgrade planned for next week with that. There will be some documentation that will be added to the website members of the core engineering team will continue to handle those upgrades because they'll be testing upgrades making sure that everything is working sleep seamlessly and so again can update documentation. But once that documentation is experimental. I'm sure I'll just get shared with folks for sanity check. But again, that's something that will continue to be handled by the core team.

Tyler Wright: Cool outside of that. I know that at a last couple of meetings we've talked about. contributions from the community of just General I know peers was going to do another version of just checking to making sure that the old documentation sites that was docs at a cost.network That's all the docs and now reflected that we're on the dark side of caution Network are now reflected on network slash docs. So I know it's something that piyush has been doing. I know that there's other members of the team some folks here and some folks are not here that have been asked to help audit various pages of the website just to make sure that again the user experience is optimized as possible, especially because there's so many documents that have been migrated. So I think we'll talk about that a little bit later.

Tyler Wright: In addition, I know that Andrey and some other folks in the community had a request to work on the search for the documentation because it was increasingly hard for folks that were searching for basic keywords to find the documentation that we're looking for. I believe there was a PR that was merged that should help to solve that problem. So, Thank you for those contributions as well. We can talk About a little bit. But again if there's anything else that anybody wants to bring up outside of those subjects.

Tyler Wright: There's also some documentation that needs to get done for the Akash console. Once that. Brand has been transferred from cloud those two console. There will be an updates. They'll be shared. I think a couple of people have reached out about being able to help with that contribution help with that documentation. Once there's a staging site available. I'll give folks access that staging site so that they can pull more recent screenshots to update that documentation. So again, I'll follow up with folks and you think documentation Discord Channel.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: One last thing that I believe Scott brought up maybe even that last week last month, was around just a couple of hierarchy pages. I think Thomas brought up a good point that some of the content on the docs page might be a little bit too detailed for some users and can be read classified and there might be a need for some hierarchy pages that just talk at a high level about what some content is. do I know that's something that it's been worked on and talked about go ahead Thomas. I see your hand up.

Thomas Greco: Yeah, so I piyush was nice enough to take time with me. before this meeting

Thomas Greco: and that was one of the things that we discussed. I'm happy to kind of publish the feet the feedback he gave me the information he gave me during that conversation. But basically I wasn't sure about the best way. to go forward with getting issues such as that addressed and I think that piyush helped me with kind of figuring out a flow for that which is really opening up issues and getting those addressed accordingly whether I'm the person to work on it or whether the issue creators the person to work on or somebody else. They can kind of be decided. But yeah, I just wanted to

Thomas Greco: mention that because I did bring it up and there hasn't really been any progression I think on that and just so for the reason.

Tyler Wright: So just add a little bit of clarity there again, if anybody here sees any documentation issues, inside of the website repo inside of the issues area, you can create an issue we'll look to discuss those issues at these calls or in between these calls and then again anybody that wants to participate in solving that issue can leave a comment.

Tyler Wright: There are rewards available for State documentation because our core engineering team is working on so many other things that again contributions for documentation for most everything besides again a couple things that upgrades and some other small items is certainly needed and welcome. And so again after creating an issue and we can tag a documentation, then we can talk about it or we could do an async to assign that issue to somebody with it a lot of amount of time and Once the issue is the time that person can work on interlocks continue to track it. And then what's the pr is in there? Then again piyush can work on merging and if he has any questions or if anybody needs to be involved whether it be from the core engineering team to validate any of the documentation Etc and we can do it at that time.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Piyush Choudhary: So I would like to ask some questions to Andrey. So we escaped some issues related to updating some of the content on some of the pages of the docs. So it would be great if you can provide some information around those issues. So I had a child with Thomas Wells a shorts and invest in updating those videos special issues sleeping. And so yeah, we play some more information about what they mean when I say move and you say something like that.

Andrey Arapov: Do you mean you need more information for the issues that I created under website Repository?

Andrey Arapov: there are only a few send I think they're pretty much descriptive there. So there's stuff like missing your eyes in one step and then there should be some directions to mentioned in on the commentation and the other one should be just removed all the information from Predator. It's basically as what it says there and if you need any additional information, please feel free to and any questions under this issues directly in form of comments. And usually I'm trying to look at them. Sometimes just being me on track or Discord and even if you don't want to directly the questions there for whatever reason just like again me somewhere on slack or in the common chat. There is a website external in slack. So feel free to ask any additional questions because the reason why I created those because at least for my eyes they seem to be fully descriptive.

00:10:00

Piyush Choudhary: So basically we have to extend the descriptions as presentation.

Andrey Arapov: Sorry, I couldn't hear you.

Piyush Choudhary: So I'm saying basically have to remove some of the things as for this elections and also expend the descriptions specialization to recommendations, right?

Andrey Arapov: Sorry, I think I have either connection problem or something. I'll try to change to my headset or what my better just to ask me to the better. It will save more time. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Maybe Pierce. I don't think it's you Andrey. I know piyush is getting a new mic very soon.

Tyler Wright: if you want to drop a specific issue or specific questions inside these issues again, I think I can follow. What Andy's looking for in each of these again? I think he's structure them pretty clean. But Thomas if you are going to take on some of these issues or anybody here, if you have any specific questions on the ask just drop them specifically in this comment, that would be best so we can just track it and then once those questions are answered and we can have somebody like I'll take this because I think we want to get these kinds of things updated quickly.

Piyush Choudhary: yep, I think it's on Scott.

Tyler Wright: For whatever. You did pierces must clear now.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, I think hiroyuki has some questions regarding how to get rewarding the dogs. So I would say I think you to see R Scott accepted into the docs. So I just said I suggested to basically bring in a program basically very reward accepted pios, whoever creates a PR and the plates update we can have some rewards for the things. So this is something I also suggested in the city dogs channel. and I think it makes sense for all the uses.

Tyler Wright: Yeah those already and a amount of money for documentation. via the community support

Tyler Wright: it's like a prop that went through earlier in the year. ic Heroku is someone that I have been actually talking to on that. It's looking big looking to get involved in a number of different ways. And yes for accepted PRS we will for certain items be paying out rewards and I'm going to talk to heroically about those rewards for him because we would love for them to get more involved in this.

Tyler Wright: Special interest group I think we can have a structure maybe over time. But as we continue to get contributors involved again, please feel free to put how many hours and a rate if you want to inside the comments. Otherwise again folks know how to get in contact with me and we can work offline to figure out like a structure for now.

Piyush Choudhary: I think it's transferred.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: yes, so some of this is interesting and I think it's just a sign that we're kind of going through a evolution of how documentation is added and edited and how were the community is involved and where the core team is involved. so where you brought up one issue that was created by Andy that had I believe a cloud most screenshot. Is that the doc audit RPC on No, that was actually created by time. Yeah, go into. I messed it. Yeah that one. I'm just using this as an example, so I guess a couple of questions and these regards as issues are.

Scott Carruthers: created in the support repository we go through weekly. meeting for assignment of open issues. I'm wondering how that happens in the website repository now, so Andy creates this issue. and how do we have management and I guess he'd like even the expectation when Andy creates this issue is the expectation that piyush or someone from the community is going to take it or is it possible that Andy creates this issue and then he still takes it himself or one of the core team members takes that I guess this is just kind of interesting because I'm not sure that we've ever really gotten into this and I'm also kind of interested because

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: just based on history. It would be my natural inclination that if I see something in documentation the needs update in that a lot of times I would just go in and do it and now I'm wondering does that process and flow need to change?

Scott Carruthers: on anything that comes up and we should be creating issues and I shouldn't just be going in and Updating documentation myself, but I should give the community the opportunity to do it. So long, wait a way of I guess specifically what I'm asking is how do we guarantee the issues that are created are assigned properly and should an issue be opened for any documentation update and we first give the community the opportunity to update.

Tyler Wright: I have thoughts on all about but I'm Jaco first because his hand was up.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I just want to say that for my personal point of view. Yeah, I do agree that the best one you have something to fix or just go and fix save time for you and the others but in my particular case, I was either busy with something else on the provider side or you had time for that or maybe even had mood for that. So I just found the issue and I just filed it up and for anyone to take it whoever wants to take. It's very easy to create a little PR just while the new screenshot create a PR and the issue is basically solved making.

Tyler Wright: Excellent I love tears go first, but then I'll speak after that.

Piyush Choudhary: So someone onto that validation is being created for the dogs updated it's a major updated writing some new documentation celebrating the power of new proper text or additions of commands and all and I think it should be done by the core team to make sure that the things that are being updated on the dogs are up to the mall as to the standards and whenever the updates about the places of things already reading some things like fixing some final things and I think it can be done by anyone. So yeah, that's not yeah and

Piyush Choudhary: It is.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah, sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would agree with many of those points Scott, I guess to answer your number of questions in order from a structural standpoint. And again, this is very much like an evolution process. So as I see it, if a member of the core team, he's some documentation that they have the ability to change or it's urgent enough that they think it needs to be changed. I would say that they continue to move forward changing that documentation, especially if it's a quick effort and then go through the pr process but again the pr can easily and quickly be merged. if there's an issue that is something that

Tyler Wright: Either an entree's case. He doesn't have time for and it can be changed. It's all right for anybody to make an issue and then put it for somebody else to assign. I think it's a part of this docs. We are going to as a part of the agenda take any issues similar to how we do in six support which reaction those issues and talk about it in the open issues and see If anybody on the call wants to be assigned to them if they aren't already taken by somebody async between meetings because people again to leave comments on any of the open issues. If somebody from the core team is working then they should just assign themselves the issue and again that will just show that nobody else from the community needs to get involved.

Tyler Wright: I don't think we have to worry about giving Community contributors the opportunity to get all issues that I think there's enough issues to go around. And I would leave it up to the Judgment for Scott's and Andre whether it be new documentation or what else do you are on the ground floor in the testing phases if you all think it's something that the community can help and you don't have the bandwidth. it's really all about helping to manage your bandwidth because as I said on many calls like a lion share

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: With documentation has been Rewritten over years by Scott and with support from Andre and I know that's been very taxing on Scott amongst all the other things. So again getting other people from the community Steve documentation that our Technical and can help this isn't the wrong place. this can be improved to make it clear for users. there are rewards for those kinds of contributions and we would ask people go from through the flow of making an issue getting authorization from this sig that this is a worthy issue that needs to be changed. And then from there just either assigning that to themselves or somebody else from the community can be assign the issue and look to solve it in a timely fashion.

Tyler Wright: We'll track any of these open issues on a meeting by meeting basis so that if an issues like sitting there long and somebody was supposed to take it then we can reassign it but God as your talking about six supports something I was thinking about earlier today, especially as we get more Community contributions is maybe change the Cadence of this meeting to happen more often the working group for the website six support happens every two weeks because there's just so much happening in those six and it may be

Tyler Wright: Especially as we continue to grow a good thing to have Sig documentation more frequently. So that contributors can talk about the status of the things that they're working on or we could talk about any open issues. But again that we'll see how I'll keep it for one month monthly for now, but we'll see how issues evolve and over the next couple of weeks and we can work async to again continue to say that hey I got this issue. If somebody has an issue as an example if I create an issue and I want to solve it myself. I would create that issue and I would say that I think this is an issue that I would drop it and say documentation tag, everybody and we can talk async about This makes sense. This is something that you should move forward with and then we can work on the side and if we don't want to wait a month to work on some of these issues

Scott Carruthers: Allâ€¦

Tyler Wright: notice a long-winded answer.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I think that.

Scott Carruthers: I think that all makes sense. Yeah, I would think that. I'm fine with 11 ago sometime and see how it goes. But if we're going to use this call to do triang of issues just as we do in the sport called that.

Scott Carruthers: Being on the side. I mean we can definitely give it a month and maybe that proves not to be an issue because piyushen others are kind of on top of this and It's just not necessary to go through that life triage. But if we have a high volume of issues and we want to make sure of timeline assignment and that nothing is going. On triage, then. Yeah, I would seem like we probably have to consider going to every two weeks.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, but again, I have no problem with because I think a lively group is being built up. I know there's a couple of people that reach out to me privately talking about getting involved in documentation outside of the folks have even on this call that I've already contributed. So I don't have a problem. But I know that many folks are quite busy so we can talk about offline and figure out the best action. Go ahead Thomas.

Thomas Greco: yeah, I was just gonna say in the event that there is a high priority issue from somebody from overclock kind of spots and nobody can get to it. I definitely feel free to have being me about it. And if I have the ability to the type priority and I have the opportunity to get to it quickly. than that will otherwise, I'd just say now I'm unavailable. But yeah, I just wanted it seems like there's some issues that there's some instances where this might come up so.

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so I wasn't raised my hand because of anything that Thomas just said specifically so if anybody has a response to that what he just said makes sense to me and appreciate that. He's reading his hand to take on any virgin issues. I was going to cover a different topic as Any other thoughts on that before we move on?

Thomas Greco: God.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so I was also just kind of curious as we're looking at issues Tower. Can you go back to the list of issues

Scott Carruthers: so I just I guess want a little Clarity and this might just be like a one-off question possibly this is maybe something that we need greater understanding of but I'm a little bit confused on it seems like we intentionally labeled the GPU pricing explanation or GPU pricing explainer that we intentionally labeled that Some good just kind of curious and like I said, maybe this will be clarifying to some other future assignments as well. So that the GPU pricing page exists on they network. So why would a GPU pricing page explainer B classified as docs our way? are we thinking that while the GP pricing page exists on a cost.network there would be an explainer in the documentation site or yeah, just some further Clarity on why that's label Docs.

Thomas Greco: So I open up that issue. I can kind of speak to it. I think that So the reason my apologies I think for maybe incorrectly tagging that. as docs I think it's just the reason why it was tagged as docs is because I am primarily working on documentation issues, so that was why I think it was maybe a mixture of that and then the mixture of just the whole.

Thomas Greco: idea behind it. documenting. what the different chipsets are and kind of differentiating between them. but yeah, sorry for any confusion there and feel so yeah, this was something that I personally

Thomas Greco: as someone who has a minor amount of knowledge around the different GPU chipsets I thought

Meeting ended after 00:52:40 ðŸ‘‹

