
# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- High-level documentation updates and contributions since the last SIG Docs meeting
- Current status of the Provider Console documentation
- Clarification on visibility and placement of new documentation
- Discussion around structure, discoverability, and user experience in the docs portal
- Plans for improved onboarding and growth team contributions


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, February 25, 2025 
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bmjxysohixyuklj34nn4bkg6hklzkkkw7k4rgy6zqzfk3cfwka4q.arweave.net/CxN8ScdF8UUtO-NbwKjeOpeVKVb6uRNj2YZKrYi2UDk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Scott Carruthers
- o√Øclid
- Andrey Arapov
- Zeke Ezagui
- B S
- Deathless

## Meeting Notes 

### SIG Docs Meeting Cadence & Working Group Clarification
- Tyler opened the meeting and explained that SIG Docs now meets every four months to provide high-level updates.
- A more frequent Website and Docs Working Group continues to meet weekly or bi-weekly, depending on availability.
- The working group is the appropriate space for real-time contributions and updates to documentation and the website.

### Recent Documentation Contributions and Opportunities
- Tyler gave a shoutout to contributors Scott and Andrey for past work on cleaning up the documentation during the migration from `docs.akash.network` to `akash.network`.
- Highlighted the recent release of the Provider Console and acknowledged that community member **o√Øclid** contributed documentation for it.
- Additional documentation needs are being tracked via GitHub issues that will be clearly labeled.

### Bounty Program for Documentation
- Tyler announced that bounties related to documentation are being launched through the community support proposal that passed earlier this year.
- These bounties will be tagged with `documentation` and `bounty` labels in GitHub, making it easy for contributors to find and take on tasks.
- A new ‚ÄúBounty Hunter‚Äù section is now live on GitHub Discussions and will also track relevant bounty issues.

### Provider Console Documentation Status
- Scott raised concerns that the Provider Console documentation wasn‚Äôt visible under the ‚ÄúProviders‚Äù section of the docs site.
- o√Øclid confirmed that although the PR had been merged, he had not yet pushed all recent updates, as much of the work remained local due to exams.
- Tyler emphasized that the documentation should be located **below "Build a Cloud Provider"** in the sidebar and should be discoverable via navigation, not just search.
- The group agreed that the current organization may confuse users, and suggested labeling the sections more clearly (e.g., ‚ÄúBuild a Cloud Provider via CLI‚Äù and ‚ÄúBuild via Console‚Äù).

### Improving Docs Structure and Navigation
- Scott and Tyler discussed the idea of adding an **overview page** at the top of major doc categories like ‚ÄúProviders‚Äù to help new users understand the structure and choose the right path.
- Tyler mentioned this structural improvement is important because new users often land directly in technical content without context.
- Everyone agreed that better contextual navigation would help users distinguish between different setup methods (CLI vs Console).

### Enhancing User Onboarding with the Growth Team
- Tyler announced that members of the growth team will be supporting core team efforts by improving formatting, structure, and user experience in the documentation.
- Their role will focus on simplifying navigation and making the docs more beginner-friendly rather than contributing technical content.
- Contributions from the growth team are expected to begin appearing over the next few weeks.

### Actionable Next Steps and Follow-ups
- Tyler committed to creating a GitHub issue for restructuring the Provider Console documentation‚Äôs location and labeling in the navigation sidebar.
- o√Øclid agreed to finalize and push updates within **24 to 36 hours**, ahead of ETHDenver, where many new users will access the documentation.
- Tyler emphasized the urgency of these changes given the traffic expected from ETHDenver attendees.
- The group discussed continuing the conversation in the upcoming **SIG Providers call**, and noted that the **working group** will not meet this Thursday due to scheduling conflicts.
- A **Steering Committee meeting** is scheduled for Thursday, March 6.
- Tyler will also update the README for SIG Docs to reflect the updated meeting cadence.

## Action Items

- **Tyler Wright**
  - Create and assign GitHub issue to move the Provider Console documentation under the proper navigation hierarchy.
  - Rename documentation sections for clarity (e.g., CLI vs Console).
  - Update README for SIG Docs with updated cadence.
  - Follow up with o√Øclid on timeline and PR completion.

- **o√Øclid**
  - Finalize and push pending Provider Console documentation within 24‚Äì36 hours.
  - Ensure the content is properly placed in the ‚ÄúProviders‚Äù section as discussed.

- **Scott Carruthers**
  - Review the merged PR and assist in confirming visibility issues.
  - Provide additional input on improving clarity and structure of provider documentation paths.

- **Growth Team (via Tyler)**
  - Start contributing improvements to documentation layout and onboarding flow.
  - Focus on non-technical enhancements that improve clarity and usability.

- **All Participants**
  - Attend the SIG Providers call for further discussion.
  - Provide input in Discord or during working group meetings to help enhance documentation.
 

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG documentation. is February 24th, 2025. The SIG docs special interest group meets three times per year, so every four months to just discuss at a high level the events that are going on around documentation.  Previously this SIG used to meet more frequently maybe once per month as there was a lot of work being done around updating the documentation site moving network to networkdocs.

Tyler Wright: obviously shout out to Scott and Andre who have been instrumental in getting the docs to where they are and just making sure that things are kind of as clean as possible. I know that there are a number of formatting issues that have come up since again moving docs.ac.network to aos.networks. again, no fault of Scott or Andre. something that again the website working group is been trying to work on. There is again while this meeting while the SIG docs meets three times per year, there is a working group for the website and the docs that meets weekly, sometimes every other week depending on folks availability.

Tyler Wright: during that working group session for website and folks that want to contribute to docs on a more regular basis attend that meeting. They talk about outstanding documentation, any questions, thoughts, anything related to the website. So again, that is a way if you're looking to get more involved in contributing to documentation. there is a working group that meets more frequently.  this special interest group it's just talk about docs at the highest level since we've last met there's been a number of docs that have been added there's a provider console has gone live in the last couple of weeks a member of the community Akash insider has worked on documentation that is now live around the provider console experience so shout out u tolid

Tyler Wright: there are some other opportunities that will be presenting themselves soon. issues will be created that will be added to the website repo around additional documentation that could add value to the website. So again if you want to get involved in documentation look out for issues that live inside the website  those issues will be tagged with the label documentation so you'll know that it's something that you can take on. This has also been talked about in SIG community. There are some bounties that are coming out of the community support proposal that pass on chain earlier in the year.

Tyler Wright: some of the bounties again come out of the working group for the website, but there will be some other bounties that'll be very specific from the bounty program that'll be related to documentation. Again, this is another way outside of again just contributing to the working group for the website just to see if there's a specific need around documentation for a specific process or a product. again there will be a bounty board that a member of the community is helping to manage. there's a new bounty hunter section on the GitHub discussions and then again there'll be issues that get labeled with the bounty and also the documentation label that folks can see.

Tyler Wright: again, I know there's been some other documentation that members of the core team have had to update as it pertains to a number of things, whether it be provider experience, validators as we get ready for, some upcoming upgrades. but again, folks can track on a more consistent basis what's going on across documentation by participating in the working group for websites and docs that meets on Thursdays.  It will not be meeting this week because a number of people from the core team as well as the AOS community that are actively involved in that working group are out of office for a number of different reasons. There's an ETH Denver this week. and some folks are handling some personal things. So again, there's no working group for the website and documentation this week. but we will reconnect next week on Thursday.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: One other thing I wanted to put on record. there are some members of a growth team that are getting more involved supporting the core team with a number of efforts across marketing documentation. Otherwise just trying to improve the user experience and onboarding process for new and existing developers.  as a part of their work, they've started to look at just like the general not specific documentation about step by step on how to build a provider via the CLI, but just like some of the more formatting on what's on this page, how is it useful, making it easier to find specific documentation.

Tyler Wright: So again those folks will be participating in the working group over the next couple of weeks but again there is a new team that wants to get involved in just the user experience of documentation not as much the technical writing around documentation. always looking for contributors. again, this is something that Scott and Andre have had to historically handle from the core team, but they are working on a number of different things.  And it is really the goal of the core team as well as the community to find a number of contributors in the community that can help with documentation and help take that burden off members of the core team the core team can continue to work on new features any bugs and continuing to improve the product.

Tyler Wright: So again if anybody wants to get involved in documentation please especially the technical writing of new documentation or editing or making it clear for old documentation please make your voice heard in SIG docs or in the working group for the website. but again as mentioned there is a team that is certainly technical but not super technical but again certainly is getting involved in contributing to the documentation formatting structure and just making it easier for people to understand what's going on in a specific page.  So again, look out for those contributions over the couple of weeks. and again at our next SIG docs which will be happening in four months, we will get an update on all those things.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if anybody had any specific items that they wanted to talk about or ask questions about as it pertains to documentation at a high level. I'll take that silence as hands went up.  I'll go with Scott first and then

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I had never really had the cost to look for it before and I just want to make sure that everyone is clear on the current state of provider council documentation. So I know that documentation was written by a community member when I look at the doc site currently. I don't see documentation for the provider console. so I don't know Tyler is that not live yet or possibly I'm missing it.  So I'm just looking under providers and there's still community solutions and if you go into that we have the historical predator documentation I don't see anything in about provider council is that because it's still pending or would we expect to see it there

Scott Carruthers: Ready?

Tyler Wright: That's a good question. I would have expected to see it there already. I think I'm looking for the PR and it looks like it was merged. I know there's some index getting updated. thank you for calling that out, land. Maybe you have some context because I know that you've been involved in writing the documentation. I could follow up with P who mentioned that this was already live, but go ahead. Oakley.

o√Øclid: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I was responsible for that. the provider I did not edit out the provider, but I'm trying to add what's in the prior to the provider docs. I've not completed that. I've been writing exams the past couple of weeks, but I should get that done in the next couple of days. I should be done with that. So, yeah. not fully not everything‚Ä¶


### 00:10:00

o√Øclid: but yeah I want to take what's essential from the creator docs and put it on the new provider dock because I'm assuming the provider ducks are going to be retired.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: So that all makes sense.

o√Øclid: That's my assumption.

Scott Carruthers: So just to make sure that everyone here is clear, especially Andy and Zeke. So there is no provider console documentation live on the doc side that's still pending. Is that correct?

o√Øclid: My PR was merged, so I'm assuming that it should be there. I've not looked at it in the last couple of weeks. and 

I've not pushed a lot of the work I've done the last couple of weeks also either. it's mostly been on my computer.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah. Okay. that's Yeah.

o√Øclid: 

o√Øclid: That's bad practice. But yeah,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: I just want in case questions from the community come up,‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: I just want to make sure that everyone is clear. So, I can go and look at the PR if necessary. I don't know if anybody else on the call is in real time here trying to look for I can't find the documentation on the doc site. So, like I said, maybe I need to look at the PR to find out exactly, but I would also Okay.

o√Øclid: Yeah, I'll take a look at it today. And if it not been merged, I don't know. I think it was dev. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Tyler just shared it.

Tyler Wright: I found I just shared a link.

Tyler Wright: I just searched Kosh provider console and‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: But yeah,‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: I think that should be Yeah.

Tyler Wright: this came up the building a provider via the Kosh provider console. Do you see that documentation or yeah that I do not know‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: How would someone navigate to that

o√Øclid: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: but I just did a simple search and‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: it's I wanted to wait‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: it came right up. But yes.

o√Øclid: 

o√Øclid: until it's fully up and everything. before deleting the Ptor but it's supposed to be under the same category with I think when deployment and stuff I can't remember what category that is there you have provider it should be somewhere around the top anyway close to after deployment then you have provider somewhere around there somewhere around where predator doc used to be ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: I think to Scott's point, we need to go ahead.

o√Øclid: then this is something also I've wanted to Go ahead, Taylor.

Tyler Wright: No, I was just going to say that Scott makes a great point that this provider documentation should live in the provider section and then it should be like a drop down. It's like build a provider with Akos.

Scott Carruthers: It's all right. I lost You just cut out Tyler.

o√Øclid: Yeah, I'll try and look at that. Yeah, I'm losing Yeah,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: But it should be in the providers section.

o√Øclid: I'm losing Okay. Yeah, I'll fix that. I'll look at it and then fix it in a bit. I'll look at it and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: So yeah. What? So yeah.

o√Øclid: fix it in a bit.

Scott Carruthers: I said with the screen share right now. and it's completely fine if this just hasn't been done yet and it's still pending. I didn't know what the status was. So I just wanted to make sure that everyone was clear. But yeah, if we look at the

o√Øclid: I let me look at my repo. I think that should be it. like I said, I need to do a little bit more formatting. let me see if I can find my own the repo I‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: You can look at merge pull request.  This

o√Øclid: but I think the repo has been closed so I can't seem to find it in among the pull requests

Scott Carruthers: Okay. ‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: I think everyone is on the same page. So obviously eventually if we were to expand providers as shown on the screen and then build a cloud provider there and so this is open for debate where the provider console would go ranking it possibly it would be the first one but I think we're all on the same page that it should be under build a cloud provider there should be an option for provider console so possibly that's just not completed yet‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: which is fine. I just want to make sure that we were all on the same page with the current status.

Tyler Wright: Yes, thank I'm going to make an issue for this in the website o. This is something that I would like to be rectified as quickly as possible because while I was able to search for it fairly easy, again, I do agree with Scott that it should live in this section.  again right now and I think we'll talk about this more in sick providers and we talked about this recently in the last sick providers call there is going to be a plan provider console is still being kind of tested even though it's released there is going to be a plan to sunset Prader in the coming weeks so again I think it's fine to leave some remnants of Prader up there but it should be significantly lower than this new provider build


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: process via the Kosh console and just to make it easier for you because I'm hoping that you can kind of do a PR after this if you can build a provider via the Akash console put it below build a cloud provider. So there should be this build a cloud provider section right here and then below that there should be another section right here above this AOS provider FAQ that should be build the provider via the AOS console. I'm going to make an issue for that and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: then go from there.

Scott Carruthers: So may we can do this in increments.

Scott Carruthers: So this kind of just a discussion point.  So if we were to I'm just wondering if that is a little bit confusing for so if I was someone that had never built a Kos provider before and I saw build a cloud provider and then under that would be a section for a kosh provider console it seems like there'd be confusion on where I want to go to build a provider. So I haven't really thought about this so I don't know how we rectify that.

Scott Carruthers: So right now there's never really been too much ambiguity because the prader app has always been under the community solutions tab there. But if we just keep this as is and we have build a cloud provider and then directly under it we have a kosh provider console. As I said I'm not sure if a new provider builder that doesn't know anything about a koshifi would know‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: where to go to. So I don't know I don't really have an answer to that off the top of my head‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: So could we do build a cloud provider via CLI and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: but we may want to keep that in mind. Yeah, we could and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: then build a cloud provider via the cost console?

Scott Carruthers: that's probably a step in the right direction. We probably just need to give this some thought, I guess. Again, if I don't know anything about a providers, how would I make a decision where to go there? And there may not really be any clean because we have multiple processes, there might not be a 100% clean way. So maybe that's the best that we could do. Yeah, I think it's just keep always keeping an eye or mind on if you're know nothing about Akos and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: nothing about an AOS provider, how would someone easily be able to distinguish or determine where they need to go? but yeah,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Mhm.

Scott Carruthers: I think that that's probably a good So, the first one would build a cloud provider, and this is probably too long, but it would be something around the lines of a provide cloud provider via Helmcharts and then build a cloud provider via a provider console. Again, that's way too long, but I guess something along those lines.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think this kind of speaks to the point that I was making earlier that once you dive deep into the sections of the documentation, I think it's very easy to go step by step. I think a major area that's missing from the documentation is just like these header sections that provide people with zero context on how to navigate.

Tyler Wright: it's just like here's different ways that you can build providers, here's what the Helm charts are, and just kind of highlevel information that allow people to then dive deeper into some of these sections that are already here. and

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. No,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: that's probably a really good point. I don't really know why this. ideally to your point Tyler, it would be nice if somebody could click on providers and as that expands the category that also has a overview section.

Scott Carruthers: And it looks like in the current strategy that's not‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Yes. s***.

Scott Carruthers: if you click on just providers that won't bring you anywhere. it just expands maybe we have to do I don't know the ramifications as far as indexing and other things but possibly we just need to have a overview section and then other things are or maybe it's just as easy as having when you expand providers there should be an overview at the very top of it won't be there when you click on providers but we at least can have a overview section right under providers and then we can add some lang  language and instruction on when you would want to use these different build techniques. So yeah, that's probably the right direction.

Tyler Wright: Again, I think in a number of areas and I think deathless just echo this as well.

Tyler Wright: when you go to documentation, you kind of the start and the getting started, I think, a little bit it could be overwhelming for folks, especially when they don't really know where to go. And then when you start to dive into various sections, it just gets very quickly. it's very clear what you're supposed to do, but you don't know why you're supposed to do it. And there's no specific context that I think would go a long way. So that's what I was talking about with that growth team is interested in participating.  the documentation and helping with some of those sections.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: I know that that's something that again it'd be great for folks in the community to be thinking about some other sections that maybe again instead of us diving into a concept like all right now you're just a provider and now you have to build a provider and you have no idea what's going on how to do things just like again kind of an overview kind of section that helps guide you into some of these more specific technical steps I think would go a long way across the entire doc site. Cool. yeah, I'm going to make an issue around‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: Sorry, quick one.

Tyler Wright: where Yes.

o√Øclid: Tyler, you were talking to me earlier.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I was just saying I'm going to make an issue around Yeah. Yeah.

o√Øclid: Yeah. Sorry, I missed most of what you said when you directly

Tyler Wright: what I was going to say to you is I'm going to make a specific issue for some of the changes that need to be made so that the building a provider via the Akos console is in the provider section below the build a cloud provider.  again. while you were off, Scott and others were talking about, it's very difficult for people to understand build a cloud providers like what is that? Is it via the Helm charts? it's hard for people to decipher. So, we're going to have to figure out what the best approaches. Again, one of those approaches is having a overview page for each of these sections so that people are just not like being thrust into very technical documentation.

Tyler Wright: But I will make an issue that I will share with you Oaklid and this would be of highest urgency to again make sure that the path of build a provider via the kosh console is in the again below the build a cloud provider. I'll make that issue and I'll follow up with and hopefully we can get that done in the next day or so. because people are already using the AOS provider console and I'm sure one or two at least have had a problem finding the documentation that they haven't searched for it.

o√Øclid: All right.  Okay.

Tyler Wright: And then the other big thing we talked about is trying to again up update some of these sections so that it's clear, but that's something that we could take offline.

Tyler Wright: Scott, thank you very much for bringing that up and thank you very much for the followup. Again, we want to get this documentation live and let people interact with it as soon as possible. So, Oakland, I'll follow up with you and if you can provide a timeline, that'd be great. Especially because we have eat Denver happening starting tomorrow and so we're going to be pushing a lot of people towards the console towards documentation just in general. So it would be amazing if we can get this updated before then.

o√Øclid: Yeah, I think maybe 24 to 36 hours should do.

Tyler Wright: Any other? again I'll follow up with you offline.

o√Øclid: Yeah, I should at least 24 to 36 hour.

Tyler Wright: any other questions, topics, concerns as it pertains to docs?  Again, we have the working group where we meet more regularly, but this was a high level and I think we talked about some great highle topics that we can enact upon over the next days, months to continue to improve this documentation. if not, then again, there's a sick providers call tomorrow. We'll probably talk a little bit more. Hopefully, documentation will be updated by then.

Tyler Wright: and the sections will be updated by then. We have the sick virus call. There is no working group for the website and documentation this Thursday because of a number of conflicts. We will meet again next week. there also is a steering committee that'll be happening next week Thursday March 6 again Denver is happening starting tomorrow through so a number of people from the community and core team will be in Denver for this huge web 3 conference.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: much appreciate everyone's time today. I'll make sure that the notes are made available. I'm going to make sure that the readme file for the SIG docs is updated to reflect the new cadence. and again, much appreciate everyone's time insight today. If anybody has any other thoughts, please make them heard in the SIG documentation discord panel or the working group for the website and docs and we'll just go from there.  Thanks again Hope everyone has a great rest of the day. Bye-bye.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Zeke Ezagui: What's everybody?

Andrey Arapov: Take a breath.

o√Øclid: Have a great week everybody. Take care.


### Meeting ended after 00:26:32 üëã

