# Akash Network - Docs Special Interest Group - Meeting #17

## Agenda

* Documentation updates and quarterly sync
* Opportunities for community contributions
* Clarification on blog posts vs documentation
* Discussion on Agent framework template
* Linking AkashEdu video library to documentation
* Open issues and PRs for documentation
* Future contribution structures and bounties


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 25, 2025
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* AMerePotato
* Fenil Modi
* BoldPanther
* Scott Carruthers

## Meeting Notes

### Documentation and Community Contributions

* Tyler Wright reiterated that the documentation SIG now meets quarterly, with ongoing contributions managed through the website working group and Discord.
* Documentation is open-source and housed under the website repo, making it a great entry point for technically inclined community members.
* The documentation is updated regularly in tandem with network changes and is an excellent way for contributors to get familiar with the codebase.

### Contribution Process and Opportunities

* Tyler encouraged contributions through PRs and suggested reaching out via Discord or the website working group.
* Emphasis was placed on helping non-technical users by making the documentation more accessible, better structured, and easier to navigate.
* Tyler gave kudos to Scott Carruthers for writing clear and actionable documentation and encouraged more of such efforts.
* AI integration with documentation was discussed as a potential future direction to improve usability.

### AI Agent Framework Contribution

* AMerePotato asked whether a contributor could document the open-source AI automation tool and write a blog post.
* Fenil Modi described NA as an open-source AI agent framework similar to Zapier/IFTTT.
* BoldPanther advised that, should first be submitted to the **Awesome Akash** repo as an SDL template.
* Once approved, it could be included in the Akash documentation and possibly featured in a blog post.
* Tyler and BoldPanther agreed on this workflow: PR → Awesome Akash → Docs/Blog → Console Template.

### Bounties and Issue Creation

* BoldPanther proposed creating GitHub issues under the Akash website repo labeled “documentation” with optional small/medium bounties.
* Contributors can identify problems like dead links, comment under the issue, and open PRs once approved.
* The working group should validate issues before PRs are merged and bounties are awarded.
* Tyler agreed this would help scale community contributions in a more structured way.

### EDU Video Integration

* Scott Carruthers proposed a low-barrier contribution task: linking AkashEdu videos to relevant documentation pages.
* He mentioned that community members are creating video tutorials (e.g., building a provider on Akash), and these should be discoverable through docs.
* Currently, EDU content is only accessible via the insiders page.
* BoldPanther confirmed and offered to create an issue so contributors can help link the videos to relevant doc sections like “Build a Provider.”

### AI Bot Contribution Clarification

* AMerePotato clarified that the AI assistant bot—built by Fenil—is being tested and reviewed by the IT team.
* Tyler clarified he meant Fenil’s work when referring to AI integration and not someone named Annil.

### Outstanding Pull Requests and GitHub Coordination

* BoldPanther mentioned an open PR from OxNirmal for documentation.
* He offered to assign the issue to Scott Carruthers (GitHub: `janezero`) for review and approval before merging.
* Scott agreed to review the PR post-meeting.

### Final Questions and Close

* Fenil raised a UI question about applying coupon codes on the Akash Console.
* Scott redirected him to Max (head of the Console team) via the Console Discord channel for a direct resolution.

## Action Items

* **Tyler Wright:** Continue encouraging community involvement through working groups and PRs.
* **AMerePotato:** Coordinate with BoldPanther for documentation tasks and track contributions.
* **Fenil Modi:** Submit template to Awesome Akash repo and follow up on Console coupon application.
* **BoldPanther:**

  * Create GitHub issues with bounty labels for small documentation tasks.
  * Create issue to add AkashEdu video links to documentation.
  * Assign PR from Oxnirmal to Scott Carruthers for review.
* **Scott Carruthers:** Review Oxnirmal PR and ensure proper video content integration.


## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Welcome everybody to SIG documentation. Um this used to be a monthly meeting. Um but now it is a quarterly meeting. Uh the group gets together on a quarterly basis to talk high level about all things related to documentation. There are there is a working group for the website um where again the documentation lives under the website. So um on a bi-weekly basis folks that want to help contribute to documentation um can again reach out in the discord group um reach out to amerepotato um who u does a lot of work around the contributions program um as well as again join the working group for the website and documentation to say hey I want to fix this I want to um tend to that I know that fine as an example um put something in the insiders chat around console and coupons. Um things are hard to do or hard to find. I'm sure that you're not the only problem only person having that kind of problem. This is a call and really during these quarterly syncs um we go over any questions anybody has relates to documentation. \
  \
 


### 00:01:13

  \
**Tyler Wright:** But really, it is a call and a reminder to the community that one of the best places to get started, especially if you're technical and want to get more involved with the c core codebase is to get involved and look at the documentation, reading through the documentation. Um, again, the documentation is open source and list inside the website repo. So, anybody can make a PR and look to improve the documentation. I don't have much of an agenda right now. Again, there's been a number of documentation changes over the last couple of months. Um, the provider ops team as a part of the quarantine does a great job of letting folks know those changes and updates inside discord uh accasha's discord where a fair amount of building goes on. Um, and again the documentation gets updated um pretty s uh pretty often as things get changed on the network. But um this goes for air potato and anybody else. Again, there are other opportunities to get involved um in updating documentation, adding documentation that may not be there, especially around the new console experience and new provider console. \
  \
 


### 00:02:20

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So again, if anybody wants to look to get look to contribute more um and get more involved, I know documentation is something that um our core engineering team would love some additional support around. One other thing that I would like to just call out here and this could be a smaller task or this could be a larger contribution. Um there has been a great deal of feedback around documentation. I know that folks that are technical that use the documentation are able to go step by step and successfully do a lot of the things that they're trying to do. I want to give a big shout out to Scott um for again writing detailed and thorough documentation that is easy for folks to follow. I think there are some folks that may be slightly test less technical in the community um where just making things easier to find or just adding some additional like reference points. Um I know again during the working group for the uh documentation there was some things that got moved around. So there's always a desire to audit the documentation, make some improvements where needed, whether it's in formatting, structuring, you know, opening paragraphs, um, with the goal of again just trying to get as many people to interact with the documentation as possible. \
  \
 


### 00:03:36

  \
**Tyler Wright:** We also want to make it clean because obviously as AI continues to improve and get involved in some of these efforts obviously um in taking the documentation into AI products um so that folks can get real life answers I think the Neil himself is building a product similar to this again improve those kinds of products as well. So documentation is an area where um the core team has been again doing a lion share of the updates. Um but this is a great way for other people in the community to get more involved, understand the codebase a little bit and then hopefully contribute to console the core um provider repo node repo etc. So again, I just want to call out to folks um in the community that it's a great opportunity um to uh get your hands dirty and just really get into the codebase. Again, this meeting uh happens every quarter. Um shout out to Bold Panther um who does management of the akash.network website. Again, if anybody has any suggestions or any changes that they want to make to documentation, um please feel free to drop those things as a PR um drop them in SIG documentation or drop them in the working group for the website. \
  \
 


### 00:04:54

  \
**Tyler Wright:** The working group for the website meets more regularly and so you can ask questions, get feedback, um hear from B Panther and some of the other members um live on a bi-weekly basis. Um, so again, if you're working on documentation, there's potentially very much steady work um for you to contribute, clean up things, add some items um and again just take some weight off the core team. Cool. I just want to see if anybody had any questions about any active documentation. Um, any thoughts about documentation as a whole or anything documentation that they wanted to talk about um as it pertains to the K network? Go ahead, Amir Potato. \
**AMerePotato:** my um I actually have like uh three questions. Um so one is I have a contributor who wants to add like a na template and also wants to do like a blog post on that. Um, I'm wondering if like I guess one is that something that is documentation related that we could talk about here or does is that in some other working group or maybe it should be documentation and not a blog post. \
  \
 


### 00:06:19

  \
**AMerePotato:** Um, so yeah, maybe you can answer \
**Tyler Wright:** What? What? \
**AMerePotato:** that first. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. Yeah. Um the blogs, everything blog related would go through the working group for the website. Um and again, anything from the blogs can also be a PR um that folks can contribute um and get feedback from um Bull Panther and some others in the community. Um what was the specific thing that they were trying to document and write a blog around? I'm sorry, I missed the first part. I heard Nan \
**AMerePotato:** So, I don't know if you're aware of NA. It's kind of um I would describe it as like if this then that type of a service. Uh Zapier is another competitor, but it's open source. Well, yeah. Actually, Finil is here, so I'll I'll let him talk about it. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Go ahead. \
**Fenil Modi:** Hello. Yeah, it's Ann. It's a AI agent framework which got a 100k plus star on GitHub and it's a pretty much popular. So I think we we should have that SDL on a so people can join and contribute on that and access that and AF framework. \
  \
 


### 00:07:35

  \
**boldpanther:** So yeah \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. \
**boldpanther:** um I can take on it. So Nitin is uh basically a framework or library that allows anyone to create uh AI agents. So uh it's it's kind of you can say an application that can be deployed that might be or can be deployed on Akash. So in that case uh Finil we have a templates uh library on Akash documentations. Uh so if you go to the documents and we have in under deployments you will find uh some apps on Akash that was created by oid. Uh so I would say like instead of directly adding this to uh Akash  documentations first it would be great if you can create a PR to the awesome Akash repo which hosts all the SDL that can be deployed on Akash and once that is approved on Awesome akash we can then make it live to the Akash website documentation so if it's good for the users and if there is a need. So yeah, that's my feedback. Thanks. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes, I would actually second Bull Panther's feedback. I think that is if you're building an SDL um then it would go in awesome Akash and then it would show up as a template in console. \
  \
 


### 00:08:56

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um and then from there you could create a blog or add to documentation or a quick guide on how to use it. Um so that that would make the most sense to me. \
**Fenil Modi:** Yeah. \
**boldpanther:** So yeah fine I think that's all from my side and also like I have a question for Tyler. So Tyler u can you pinpoint me to uh the open issues where we are seeking the contributions from community for documentations so I can take a look and probably maybe refer some community members or like share it in the groups on a discord and stuff like that. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, to be honest, um, B Panther, that's a great question. Right now, I don't have any specific issues that are out there. Um, my hope is that whether it be you or other members of the community can find issues potentially in the documentation and then bring those create issues and then be able to take on those issues. So, um, right now I'm not sure of anything specifically that, um, requires feedback, but I know that the that the documentation is always changing. \
  \
 


### 00:10:17

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um, and I know that there were some historical artifacts, let's just say, um, from when the working group happened and the documentation kind of got moved where some things are not necessarily as like uh, as was intended by the core team. Um, and there might be opportunities for folks to get involved and like update any missing documentation um, or just add some sort of continued structure to the current documentation. So, long story short, I don't have any specific items. Um, but I know there are opportunities for folks to get involved in documentation. Once there \
**boldpanther:** All \
**Tyler Wright:** is a specific item that maybe the core engineering team has and it's not something that the core engineering team wants to document themselves, I might bring in somebody from the community, create an issue, get them into a sandbox environment or wherever it makes most sense and then have them resolve it. \
**boldpanther:** right. Okay. So uh in that case what I can do is like I can create an issue on a cash website repo uh specifically mentioning documentations with possibilities of uh small to medium bounties for the community members who wanted to contribute to a cash documentations if they are finding let's say a series of dead links or something like that so they can just comment under the issue and then create a PR with the resolves but First it would \
  \
 


### 00:11:42

  \
**boldpanther:** be great if the work group approves the issues that the committee member is coming up with and then they can create a PR and then if the PR gets merged they can be rewarded. So I think that will be the best since there's not much update going on from the community side right now. So this is where we can start and if it scales we can move on to a specific direction the way the website is moving right now. \
**Tyler Wright:** I I absolutely agree with that. Bold Panther, I think that um and maybe this is for you, Amir Potato, if you can start um attending if you have the ability or just start connecting with Bold Panther around the working group for the website. I think there's a number of opportunities for folks to get involved in documentation, some of the website changes, etc. And I think the the plan that B Panther has put forth, you know, again, B Panther sees all of these issues as they come in. Um, he can make a determination, he can get feedback from others, and then we can uh push and have more folks contribute. \
  \
 


### 00:12:41

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So I like that uh structure bull panther. AmerePotato, did you have any other questions? \
**Scott Carruthers:** So, just something simple for something that could be a bounty. Um, I was going to bring this up at some point, so it seems like a opportune time. So, this should be incredibly simple task, but if we wanted to create a bounty or someone was just looking at getting started with contributions to the Akash documentation site, the I've been working with Adam  our head of community on AkashEdu video library. Um, so there's members of the community that are creating that video content. Um, and then Adam's bringing to my attention when they're done and then I do a review and then we iterate over that till we have some relatively well polished videos. I want to call them like studio grade productions. But still for people that prefer video content, I think they're a tremendous step in the right direction. The reason I bring it up in the doc documentation call and again a very simple bounty or a very simple issue for someone looking to contribute um and I mentioned this to Adam as well so we should um coordinate this with Adam to make sure that he's not doing anything with this but I kind of doubt it but we should we should circle back. \
  \
 


### 00:14:11

  \
**Scott Carruthers:** Um but the ad that I see to the documentation is ensuring that um docs.network network has links to these this video content. Um, so there could be people arriving at our documentation site that prefer video content and they may simply not know that it exists. Um, so an example um would be uh building uh a cost provider. We had like a 45minute video that was recently produced um in those regards. So I I would think in the Akash documentation and the head of the building Akash provider document we should have the link to that video. Um which might seem strange because those people are visiting written documentation but again I think it'd be of value for a lot of people who just may not know that video content now exists. Um, so again I think that's a good easy simple contribution that someone can make is familiarizing themselves with our edu content and then making associated links within the written documentation. \
**Tyler Wright:** My \
**boldpanther:** Yep. \
**Tyler Wright:** bad, \
**boldpanther:** Uh yeah. Yeah, I think that's a great feedback. \
  \
 


### 00:15:24

  \
**boldpanther:** Uh right now at EDU videos are only linked in the insider page. Uh which I think I did uh a while ago when Adam asked me uh but in documentations I don't think the videos links are mentioned. So probably we can highlight in the sidenav somewhere. If someone is interested in video, they can just directly go to work schedule and find the relevant video that they need for their development process. So yeah, that I'll create issue around this and if anyone is interested in contributing, they can create uh or contribute or else I'll just push the changes to the documentations like thanks. \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. on \
**boldpanther:** Yes. \
**Tyler Wright:** you. \
**boldpanther:** Uh you can speak. \
**AMerePotato:** Um I just wanted to ask I think Tyler you mentioned that Annil was working on um some kind of AI integration with uh the documentation. Uh I would just like to highlight that uh we have Na'vi bot which uh Finil actually recently finished and we have people testing it and I think the IT team is looking at it right now. Um that uh I think does probably what he's looking for. \
  \
 


### 00:17:21

  \
**AMerePotato:** Or maybe you can tell me more about what he's trying to do with that. \
**Tyler Wright:** I maybe I misspoke. I was saying Fenil, not Annil. I was just saying generally there are AI tools out there, but I know Finil is working on one right now. \
**AMerePotato:** Oh, okay. I I guess I heard \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, \
**AMerePotato:** you \
**Tyler Wright:** sorry. \
**AMerePotato:** wrong. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes, sorry. Sometimes I stutter, so that might have by mistake. It was I was intending to say fal with an astronaut with an H. \
**Scott Carruthers:** I'm not sure. I think there's a little bit of confusion on who's has their hand raiser going. So, let me So, amerepotato, you have your hand raised. Did you have If you have something else, you can go ahead. \
**AMerePotato:** No, I'm done. Sorry. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Oh, okay. No problem. You at one point you said you had three items, so you you went through all three. \
**AMerePotato:** Uh, I think I kind of got an answer for my third one, which was going to be more of like where do I go to uh find more information about the things that might be available for contributors and documentation. \
  \
 


### 00:19:01

  \
**Scott Carruthers:** Okay. Okay. Yeah, Tyler, I don't um Did anyone else have anything that they wanted to discuss today? Must be tower does not um okay even \
**boldpanther:** probably \
**Scott Carruthers:** with tower \
**boldpanther:** came \
**Scott Carruthers:** gone. \
**boldpanther:** in. Yeah. Yeah, he may have lost his connection. So, yeah. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Yeah, it sounded like he might have not been in the best spot. So we've had a kind of a hectic week. Um we just start coming out of house accelerate earlier. So I think the team is uh catching up today. So yeah, I think Tower had a number of things going on, but we wanted to continue facilitate this call. Um, but yeah, so if there's nothing else that anyone wants to discuss, I think we're probably all set. I'll just give one one last chance. Any any other items? \
**boldpanther:** So there's uh one issue that might be uh good for you. So there's one open PR from Oxnirmal. He created a PR to be added to the documentation. So if you can take a look at it like if it's a good addition to the documentations you can approve it and then I'll merge and uh is is your username on GitHub is Jane zero right \
  \
 


### 00:20:26

  \
**Scott Carruthers:** Yes. \
**boldpanther:** okay so I'll assign the issue to you so you can just uh review it once or once you approve I'llite \
**Scott Carruthers:** Okay. Do you if you sign I can look there as well, but do you have a link to the issue? I \
**boldpanther:** Yeah. Yeah. \
**Scott Carruthers:** I'll bring it \
**boldpanther:** Give \
**Scott Carruthers:** up \
**boldpanther:** me \
**Scott Carruthers:** now. \
**boldpanther:** two seconds \
**Scott Carruthers:** Okay. \
**boldpanther:** here. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Okay. Um and we don't have to do this on the call, but I was just \
**boldpanther:** Yeah. \
**Scott Carruthers:** add data section to other resources. Okay. Yeah. As soon as we're done here, I'll review have to say \
**boldpanther:** Okay. \
**Scott Carruthers:** exactly what they're what they're asking for, but um yeah, I'll definitely take a look immediately. \
**boldpanther:** Sure. Okay. Um, yeah, that's all from my side. Ice. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Okay. No problem. Um, okay. Well, it sounds like we've covered everything in Tower. Uh, he actually sent me a direct message that he lost internet connection. \
  \
 


### 00:21:19

  \
**Scott Carruthers:** I think he's kind of mobile today. So, um, with that, I think we're all set. So, if there's nothing else, I will vote here. Go ahead for now. \
**Fenil Modi:** doubt you know how to apply coupon code on console because I cannot find out where to apply \
**Scott Carruthers:** Do I \
**Fenil Modi:** credit \
**Scott Carruthers:** know how to \
**Fenil Modi:** code \
**Scott Carruthers:** apply a template to console? \
**Fenil Modi:** no credit \
**boldpanther:** He's \
**Fenil Modi:** coupon \
**boldpanther:** asking about \
**Scott Carruthers:** I'm sorry, for some reason I'm having a hard time hearing. Was it a credit question? \
**Fenil Modi:** yeah \
**Scott Carruthers:** Uh, so I'm not a console developer. I I use console all the time, but I Yeah, I would have to know. No, I the not being involved in console development. Um I don't know the direct answer. So finel if you want to just reach out to me directly um if you're have an issue with credits and I'll definitely connect you with the right person to ask answer that question. \
**Fenil Modi:** Okay. \
**boldpanther:** Uh, and also it would be great if you can ping uh max under the console uh \
**Scott Carruthers:** Yeah. \
**boldpanther:** channel in a cast discord. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Right. \
**boldpanther:** So round Goodbye. \
**Scott Carruthers:** Yeah, that that \
**Fenil Modi:** Okay. \
**Scott Carruthers:** would even be a better direct path. So, Max is the head of our console team. So, um if you want to, you can ping me, Fenil, but uh but yeah, more direct path would definitely be going right to Max who works on the console team. \
**Fenil Modi:** Okay, thanks. Everything \
**Scott Carruthers:** All right, sounds good. Well, we'll wrap up. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:25:15


