
# Akash Network - Working Group Docs 2.0 - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, May 10, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://etnpcwafsvocdus4bwjuhulzkko6s33zdrbh6cpijunxi34xhcca.arweave.net/JNrxWAWVXCHSXA2TQ9F5Up3pb3kcQn8J6E0bdG-XOIQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Alani Kuye
- Denis Lelic
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

# Notes

- Most of the content is migrated from Luna and his team.
- Luna asked for a clarification for new docs. 
- Homepage is still a work in progress. Items were added to the nav bar.
- Luna walked the group through pages.
- Tags are working.
- Scott mentioned styling for the first homepage. The text boxes in multi colors is not ideal.
- Zach mentioned that a lot of community members
- Alani asked what a certificate is and why it is run on the blockchain?
- Scott mentioned that there needs to be a documentation freeze. 
- Luna showed off the tags structure.
- The goal is to present docs 2.0 at the next Steering Committee meeting.
- Alani mentioned that the tags are very helpful. 
- Tyler, Scott and Alani believe "Deploy" should be a header. Currently deployment tools are under "Guides".



## Action Items

- Luna to change code in boxes to 1 color.
- Homepage is the highest priority for the Quasarch team.
- Getting started section needs to be updated.
- First Deployment will have instructions for Akash Console. 
- Tyler to set up working group session for next Thursdsay to review items discusssed during these sessions. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Very cool. All right. This is a working group sex session for Docs 2.0, Working Group Session, where,

Tyler Wright:  Luna's team are halfway through that migration but really successful this meeting. It's like just update on where docs 2.0,

Tyler Wright: Who are going to do when it gets.

Joao Luna: Not that I can think of.

Tyler Wright: It's gonna do want to get started with an update on where you're the team, are you?

Joao Luna:  Yeah, sure. So I think we have migrated most of the documents, I think we are missing the recent ones. but that's something that we also want to discuss today because new dogs, keep coming out and we should like have a plan on On. So so that we don't keep like producing new dogs and just delaying the the migration But I think most of the content is migrated there's some new content as well. So like, Some re-implementation of some documents on the documentation. And yeah, apart from the design, from the designs perspective, most of the suggestions are applied. There's just some

Joao Luna: The bits on like, the, the landing page, like the first home page of the documentation that need change based on. Denis suggestions someday, we'll try to do and everything else that we did not implement it, because There is limitations from. The templates perspective. but yeah, I think we are pretty close to to having everything complete I can I'd like to do them as well and just show as well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Joao Luna: So as we are recording, also have like a quick guide. So like how to contribute from from the community's perspective and show how easy it is now

Tyler Wright: He, that would be great. I know Scott's working on some documentation about contributions, both on like the go side as well as a console side, so maybe it'll get to collaborate with everyone. Maybe documentation side as well, so that we keep the language. Kind of the same and the slow kind of thing but I love that idea.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Yeah sure.

Tyler Wright: Do you want to share Screen Luna? So we could talk about

Joao Luna:  I will I will share the screen yet. So the first thing I'll show you is the current state of the documentation and so they you can see where we are at. Are you able to see my screen?

Tyler Wright: And now, yes.

Joao Luna:  I think so right. Okay, so this is the on page what I told you that I'll rework, because it's Ugly. And

Joao Luna:  I'll apply suggestions that in his head. Then overall the suggestions that you gave having the social links on top also on the bottom side, but all together instead of split as they were before. We address that regarding like the documentation we'll have descriptions for each of these sections but that's something really quick to do. But yeah, as for the documentation we have, we added a bunch of new stuff to the getting started. This is the section that still needs some work because we didn't migrate everything as his We did start like creating new documentation for this particular part. One important thing is that the old documentation should still be available, so we are like really losing anything. It's just a matter of, it's not on the main documentation now but

00:05:00

Joao Luna:  Can still be a reference to, like, the old processes, just so so, you know, but yeah, so just mentioned, like, we the copy button for code. That's still ongoing. Your first deployment. I'm still working through this. So I have like a more streamlined CLI deployment perspective, but I'm aware that I need to do the console as well like the first appointment. But that's the thing. I'm not sure like The scope of it is it migrating all dogs or provide like, should it be part of like, the MVP for the migration? Should it be new content? So these things, I think we need to discuss as well. A section for like, technical Support developer funding. So all the documentations are here. The same for concepts. So,

Joao Luna:  Which concept explained still missing on deployments, but everything from beads, leases, dissec all that rpcodes still missing some content because this is new content. But I mean, I think it's important, so it will go as part of the migration as well. Oh yeah, network features. Authorized span how that works architecture. So talking about the overview of a cash network containers, Kubernetes brief, Brief explanations on this. A bunch of guides so deploying on with the different tools. And here is where like most guides will leave out. So it can't be like how to start contributing everything, that's really like to, that can be seen as like generic guy. That doesn't have

Joao Luna:  Section dedicated to it on the structure that we discussed falls into this. If we see this this growing on, we can just create categories inside these guys. That's something really easy to And then yeah, documentation about providers. Documentation about Validators. So How to Run a Validator Basically we are still using the altogether format differently from previous format something that we might happen to the community to see how they prefer. But from my perspective, I don't think it's critical right now that we split it, if you already have this this way. But if you see that it's necessary, of course, we can split it and then discuss and convert back to Do like a single document if they prefer, it's just that. I'm not sure if it's worth the effort right now.

Joao Luna:  And yeah, so these are kind of like the documentation, everything else. Is working as expected. So, if I'm related to like Kubernetes stuff in the darks, I can click on The tag if I'm interested in like the guys Calgary, I can think See all the categories. All the guides. I don't think all the links are working. Oh they are. Okay, so every all the links here already working so I can just click and go directly to Twitter. And this card. So yeah, so yeah, it's pretty much complete. We also removed the search from the the navigation on the left side. Have it on the Top side and we'll remove this but it's just This serves only as an example that there will be support for multiple languages in the future.

Joao Luna:  And yeah, this is the current state of documentation any comments.

Scott Carruthers: I'm so I have a couple of thoughts, so I'm one on a from a style perspective and then one from a content structure perspective. So, let's start with styling and so Denis, obviously interested in your your opinion on this. I'm so Luna. Could you go back to get started and, and bring up the screen where we're listening the environment variables?

Joao Luna: I think it's still very here.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so obviously styling is just I'm not saying that this perspective is right and or wrong, just my own perspective. And then, like I said, I'm kind of keen to hear denises and maybe Tyler's and and Zach's as well. I in in Luna, I always want to prophesy. I realize that these are all work in progress. So some of the things I'm saying you.

Joao Luna: Yes, of course. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: So in my my opinion, I don't love the current styling of the coloring within Is text boxes to me. It would be much better if those were all just gray or black was that your intent,…

Joao Luna: Okay. That's yeah.

Scott Carruthers: right or did

Joao Luna: This is this is just a matter of and I can show you in the code, let me just move it's it's really just I thought it personally, it looked better but it's something that like it's really easy to change and I'll show you like for context. It's really just like a matter of. Specifying the syntax There. We are highlighting and if you really like it, like it's just a matter of just removing and everything will have the same color. So, there's really If you'd rather have this.

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so I just Yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  No, I understand their simple changes. I just want to, I just want to like this, The purpose of of like trying to get to this finalized state, right? So I from the style perspective on the other members of the called you And we could bring up like a example of what a text box would look like or a code block. Would look like all gray if you probably already know what is it?

Joao Luna: The thing is Jonathan that we lose is because I like the technology that we are using for copying. I think, I think it's part of the template whenever we don't specify, we lose the ability to copy.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. That's big.

Joao Luna:  but I'll see if to this It's weird, but

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah, that's, that's definitely significant. Yeah, I wonder if that's. Yeah, that's just a setting or if that makes it impossible. But let me back up because I want they opinion of the others on the call. Do, did you write the multicoloring? That was their prior. Do You Like It all in a standard color?

Scott Carruthers:  Dennis Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Either would be standard color, that's because it seems like you'd be more suited towards our audience of developers. But I don't feel strongly about it or the other, but I know that some engineers would be like, all this. Maybe could be turned off by this, for whatever reasons, you know, the engineers are very soon. Humans, one color black particles.

Joao Luna: Well, guess I worked out and also have like the copy button here.

Tyler Wright: Okay, beautiful.

Tyler Wright: I was gonna say I wouldn't want to lose

Joao Luna: But, yeah,…

Joao Luna: so that, it's not really the limitation, it's up to now not that it is fixed.

Tyler Wright: Position.

Joao Luna: It's up to To decide…

Tyler Wright: Only, yeah,…

Joao Luna: how we prefer. So then is,…

Tyler Wright: I would say.

Joao Luna: if you have any strong opinion on this.

Tyler Wright:  Denis, put black in the tech. One, one color, one color would be prepared.

Joao Luna: Okay, want to call it like okay,…

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I would prefer one color.

Joao Luna: okay. Yeah sure perfect. I'll change that across the whole documentation, no problem.

Scott Carruthers: And and I don't want to split Harris here. Obviously, this is not overly significant, I'm not even sure that they all plaque is like, if you look at like the current rendering of the documentation site, as I think it's more of like a dark gray. But, you know, we

Scott Carruthers:  Like if you go to deployments and the CLI good, you'd probably easy place to find out.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so yeah, some just some styling things that we can go back and forth on and collaborate. So as I said I had one Oh actually before moving on from a style perspective, Denis Taylor Zach as as you've staying on the topic of style anything that you want to address from a style perspective further before we move on to what content and structure.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I don't know this a style but on the home page, the first homepage I know is very much a work in progress. Um,

Joao Luna: Now, this this will be completely redrawn to follow something,…

Tyler Wright:  okay.

Joao Luna: like the suggestion from Denis. I mean,…

Tyler Wright: Okay. Cool.

Joao Luna: client to something like this.

Tyler Wright: I like that vision a lot more and I just want to say like, Yeah, I see, Zach hard again, I just I know that Zach has been thinking about copy for the first page and getting people to engage in the documentation. So we can always check. What's the design is like finalized to help with coffee.

Zach Horn: yeah, definitely this Yeah,…

Tyler Wright: but I like it just

Zach Horn: this is I'm not telling you guys anything you don't already know but when I talk to deployers, a lot of the times I get like examples like Tailwind which is super popular, they have really popular documentation and people just love it because it's super easy to get started. And, you know, it has those easy copy-paste code blocks. So I know you guys all know that but just something that I hear from people quite often.

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: So let me ask this question because Luna, I know that this is a very much you're interested in as well of like crafting and knowing the path forward here. these suggestions of bringing it into the style that you just brought up and they the examples that Denis provided yet those Are we envisioning that these changes are going to be in place before the initial version before we migrate to the first version of docs 2.0.

Joao Luna: One of well I mean this I don't think this should go live this version. If this is, if this ends up too hard to implement right away before like our ends to being a significant effort. I'm not sure if it's part of like migration process and should be like a different task, but at least something to do this page will be done. Might not be in end up being like this because of limitations on the technology in our like the effort associated with it. But yeah, definitely this one won't go live.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would just add this. Can't go live, especially if we wanted to get to the phase where we are serving the steering committee or a wider group. I think the content obviously is there, but it's really about like the I think the styling and the structure is like a big part of that's 2.0. Initiative.

Joao Luna: Yeah, no definitely. This page this page won't go. I've all the rest on the Commentation.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: I think it's ready to go. But not what?

Tyler Wright:  I would actually argue to you to your other question earlier. I would argue that Like you updating documentation around the CLI, or like the first deployment. Is less critical right now than that personal.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Tyler Wright:  But I think we can even migrate will be currently have right now. I got another specters. Versus again spending hours. Making sure that this this first page is optimized.

Joao Luna: I think we can even omit this page altogether and just redirect to the main page of the documentation So people can, alright?

Tyler Wright: if we do that, and I still have Yeah, that it then it still has to be structured in such a way that it's a little bit more. Engaging, and this is currently. You…

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: like with like, you know, the current page, I mean, again, the patient Denis has right here is kind of outlined perfectly. Um, but we should at least have some sort of call to action at the top of the documentation page like talked…

Joao Luna: He?

Tyler Wright: What to Expect, You know, like pass forwards. You know, again, other tools have like You can clearly see like what features are what deploy tools, you know how to become a provider like all that kind of stuff to be really fun center. Go ahead.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that would that's my one. My one point here is that, it would be good to have some kind of structure that leads people through and understanding of, like, what options they have for deploying. That's something that we hear about all the time, which is like people just don't understand conceptually like, how, the deploy tools relate to the network itself. So like if you land on the documentation, it'd be great to see some kind of path that walks you through. Like if you're here to deploy here, your options for deploy tools and then lead you through that process in an easy way. Instead of just like, leaving people right up, like a get started screen, which is fine, but it would just be good to see a little more structure there. So like people can self-select…

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Zach Horn: what they're looking to do.

Joao Luna:  Okay, yeah, so basically I light all the possible. journeys that a user can take basically when when visiting the documentation,

Zach Horn: Yeah, exactly.

Tyler Wright: well, again, like when you talk about like strategies on how we push this forward, to the next phase, once that homepage and flow is in the in the state that this was really like, um, and everything's migrated over the picture, and I was still very comfortable demoing this in front of steering committee and be like, all right, we can talk about a path to move to docs. That was but I do think that homepage, you know, again, like from a historical perspective, There's been really no issue with the. For those that understand Kubernetes and understand the product, they can go through the documentation and use it. The problem is for new users and folks that may not have that understanding it's just like a path for them to get to the point. and we had to do a better job of

Tyler Wright: again marching like putting together that I think it starts with that homepage, which is way more important again than How we can make the CLI 2 code two lines of code right now.

00:20:00

Joao Luna: You okay?

Tyler Wright: Certainly that's important down the road. But right now that home pages like Bible,

Joao Luna:  All right. Yeah. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: I know you had another question in terms of documentation and I know like a stock engineers to add more documentation, it makes a migration process a little bit more difficult. I would. Err on the side of maybe just like pausing, migration right now knowing that you can just say, you can get to a certain point down the road once we have, like, the design and finalize, and we can just pull in that stuff is all the markdown.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Well, bottom of Scott has anywhere, but sorry alignment. Anything go from there.

Scott Carruthers: Well yet.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Oh yeah, yes. So I have some thoughts on that, but I'll let Alani go ahead.

Alani Kuye: Hey, hi guys. I'm very quick question. And this is just input on my side. The you know, we say to deploy on the in our class network, you'll need to create a local certificate and store the certificate on the blockchain. I think that's great. You know, to do this around the following commands Is there a way to define that like a footnote? Because again, maybe I'm missing song. Yeah. And if I if you guys have covered this I apologize for bringing it up but it are nice to know what that means. So like what's the local certificate? What does it do and by storing it on the blockchain, This is what happens, you know. So from If I was a if I was someone I was just cruising through at least. I know why I'm creating the certificate, what it is, you know, and by putting on the blockchain, This is this is why I'm putting on Blockchain. So when I run that man, it sticks in my head, right?

Joao Luna: Yeah, I understand maybe that's something that could be like under here and then simply here is like a link more details around the certificates. How how Okay.

Alani Kuye: And in, like I said, just be true lines just in a certificate does one, two, three, you know. And by storing on the blockchain it does. Four five, six, you know, just a couple of lines that with this contextual. So I'm not just creating a certificate because, I mean, I can create a certificate for a million different things. But I want to know why I'm creating one and putting on chain. so, when I created it sticks, you know me just makes it easier to you to speak to

Joao Luna: Yeah, I get that. Understand. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: It's a very final line. A lot before. Back to Scott one thing again, we're doing. In addition to this docs 2.0.

Tyler Wright:  I think, are we supposed to be working at some point so like, literally to let folks and Version of just passing through, can understand the concepts, underlying concepts of the approach network, I think eventually will merge all these documents together to, like, create a holistic experience for people of all different technical levels.

Tyler Wright:  But Scott don't jump me back to you. Did you have any specific thoughts about migration and managing that for, Problem.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, yeah. So I mean, from a high level, I think just very simply we need to go through a code phrase, a documentation phrase, eventually. Right. There's and And Luna. I would love if we Updates to documentation is. At a minimum, an activity that we do on a weekly basis. Like There's just some things that come up. So as recently as last week, as Andy was going through, the provider documentation, I'm just given an example here of like the kind of activity that we go through. He himself was building that provider and was going through a persistent storage set up and realize that for a 011 like K3 set up with persistent storage, there was some additional guidance that he thought was very important to to add. So there's

Scott Carruthers:  Constantly until we implement a change phrase. There's constantly going to be those kind of updates, so it's not just a matter of, especially during upcoming testnet and incentivize testnet. And then our mainnet upgrade Obviously, there's going to be new documentation ads, but there's also always going to be adjustments to our existing documentation as we go through and continue on improvement processes. So I think, like I said, I think the simple answer to this is at some point when we think we're close enough, when we think some of the

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers:  Journeys that we were talking about earlier in the initial landing page and all that is ready to go. We really need to put in a change phrase and at that point obviously it can be much easier but I just want to emphasize that until we get to that point. It's not just a matter of tracking, new documents added to the Doc site. But it's also now, if you had brought in They provider documentation. Say Four weeks ago there's probably a significant amount of edits and adjustments to pre-existing documents as well. So we'll definitely need a strategy to handle that and I don't really know of any other strategy except that eventually we implemented change phrase and then they docs probably need to be imported a new whenever that goes into effect.

Scott Carruthers:  I I completely understand that maybe that's a little bit challenging from your side because you're bringing in documents and are trying to lay all this this out and it would be a much support process. If you could do that and be assured, that there's not going to be any changes after you import those, but until we go into a change phrase they're just simply no, no way that we can guarantee the

Joao Luna: Yeah, no worries. I we can work it out. So just to recap…

Scott Carruthers:  Okay.

Joao Luna: what has been said, we'll focus. So I don't expect this to take more than like this week or…

Tyler Wright:  it's

Joao Luna: Next week, but So we should focus on the landing page, that's the highest priority right now and then present to the steering committee. Is there anything else that I'm missing in terms of

Joao Luna:  Changes that need to happen before. That.

Joao Luna:  So if I understood it's the landing page.

Scott Carruthers:  I'm so, it's

Tyler Wright:  what?

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah. So as far as so I I guess this goes down back to the fat are our way. Are we really focusing on like those journeys in that landing page and like, bringing over the documentation largely as is initially as as Tyler's largely suggesting obviously, if that's the case, then. What I'm about to say isn't really relevant, if if we are going to what we're seeing currently, as the navigation again, this is just my opinion and I'm keen to hear the the opinions from the the rest of the room. There's some parts about the new structure that I in my personal opinion are a little less intuitive of how to find relevant documentation, then the current structure. So an example of that would be if you expand guides the guides session currently,

Joao Luna: Yes, sorry, I'm openly. That's it.

Scott Carruthers:  so currently in Luna, if you wanted to, if you have the, the current documentation site open, we could go back and forth, but between, but in the current documentation site, if someone is looking to get started with a cost deployment, that's and again, we're gonna

Scott Carruthers:  Make this experience more elegant and, and user friendly with a curated journeys. But even without that, I think if you get into the current documentation site and your attendant that wants to launch a deployment on to the Akash network, the Deployment section is rather intuitive and then you have the different tools under the deployments and where we're going with a current structuring on on your site. We now have those different deployment tools under guides and I completely understand why logically putting deployment tools under guides make sense but I think from like a first time user perspective and trying to find console and cloud most deploy in the CLI it's more intuitive to have the structuring that we currently have with the appointments instead of listing those deployment tools under guides. just,

Joao Luna: Yeah. My, my kind of my kind of my my counter argument in that is I find this categories in text section, really useful for that kind of stuff. So, for instance, if I'm getting started, let's imagine we don't have these or for instance, if I'm interested in like almost like I'd rather let's say I can just click and have all the things related to cloudmose and this is kind of like what this offers to for us. As well as like if I'm interested in network features. Okay, this is a section, but like, if I'm interested in like, learning about the CLI or everything related to the CLI, I can just click here and I'll have everything related. I think this is so kind of most of the problems that you mentioned. So everything related to deployments, I can just click maybe it's less structure than the proposal here on the docs.

Joao Luna: As I'm I guess it's just a different way to sit and one of the things that the dogs has with this structure that you have the appointments and then you have the details in like the CLI and then you end up on another section called CLI. And I personally end up Jumping from these to this because sometimes I would like something that's detailed under like the commands or or something. That's not really detailed on the detailed steps or vice versa and like so with this, you end up having two places where like the data is spread across and this tags and categories, you try is, I think it's much simpler where you just click attack and you have everything that's related to the CLI. You can just navigate it. I don't know…

00:30:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah,…

Joao Luna: how what do you think about that?

Scott Carruthers: so thoughts on that. So, I've definitely can and they all documentation site. I've recognized that possible confusion in the past as well. So obviously the intent there is under the deployment section and then the COI section where you have detailed steps. And they, the booster that's from a client tenant perspective on how to deploy into the Akash network. And then they command line section is a deeper dive into like in line help and things like that. I'm not arguing that, that couldn't be clear. I wonder if that possibly could be solved as easily as just relabeling, they, the COI section to or the command line section to Command line D5 or something like that or possibly bringing it up to that other section. But yeah, I

Scott Carruthers:  that possibly as area of concern that we might be able to easily address and this is another thing that I'm very much. I'm interested in they opinions out from the the rest of the team as well. I the the use of the categories and the tags as you were going through. Completely, it makes sense to me and that is a very nice ad at the Documentation 2.0 site. I I would question that the way that you're using those tags as a developer, I'm wondering if that's going to be asked intuitive for the one of our obviously primary concerns of the person that's visiting. The Akash documentation is starting to with Akash for the, for the first time. I, I don't know if they would be able to effectively use those tags and categories as you were just demonstrating.

Scott Carruthers:  but, but again,

Tyler Wright: I want to do something.

Tyler Wright:  So Alani. Yeah, I thought you had your hand up but I could be wrong.

Alani Kuye: I just, I was following up on yells statement earlier around the tags for say cloud, most, and others. And I was going to speak to that around when most folks are looking at the documentation, they're being funneled in. So, if I'm coming from the telephone ecosystem, for example, and I see terraform the first thing, I will naturally, I just want to click on everything related to telephone because that's what I know, right. If I'm coming from the cloud, most ecosystem, when I see problems, that's what I know. So, I think it's a great way. You know, the tag and categories are a great way to funnel.

Alani Kuye:  The right audiences in the right direction, that keeps them within the documentation while, you know, preserving their, You know, existing knowledge funnel, right? Again, as I said earlier, If it's a terraformed person, that's a terraform, it's, you know, it's like dopamine Rush is familiar territory, where they see, okay, everything because I know that, so I'm gonna follow that channel while still remaining in their class documentation,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would agree with that. I think this Scott's point, I do like the idea of having a deployment section because we do have a provider section and I know there's many other things that You know. There's documentation touches, but I do think it makes sense to have it as clear as day deployment, so that people can track that. And then go on the path there, even though it will be on the home page, as well as it's my two cents that I like how it is on the docs, one point. Oh, this is the deployment versus the gods. I think, to your point to point that Luna, you just made an alani, I like having tags and these other ways to find information. So I'm not saying I love having multiple ways to get to the same piece of information. I think that's important for the way that people like people different user experiences. But specifically to this point I do think you should help deployment sex and where

Tyler Wright:  Console CLI. And cloud most should live.

Alani Kuye: Yeah, yeah, I think internally for internal tracking purposes is also good because, you know, overclock akash, whichever you want to call it. You know, you're able to track right where most of the activities coming from. So if a thousand people looked at a documentation, you know, in a 48 hour period and the tracking data tells you that 300 of them, you know, clicked on the cloud, most tag, then, you know, 30% of your users are common of in funnel in the cloud nose, right? A 500, you know go through the

00:35:00

Alani Kuye:  Kubernetes tag then you know, 50%. You know, I mean of the documentation users are coming from the Kubernetes world. So when, you know, you plan events, you say, Okay, since path of our documentation. Can, you know, consumers are coming from the Kubernetes space, Maybe we should go to CUBECON, right? We should engage the Kubernetes community, you know, more, so things like that, the data literacy. You know, starts to get a lot more fine tuned, you know? And the documentation is, you know, it becomes a weapon in a way you know where you actually looking at the data and seeing who's actually using it, how they're using it, how they're coming through and then it fine-tunes how you know you engage those communities because think about it just two people out of 1000 You know, are using a documentation every day? Well, guess what?

Alani Kuye:  That's less than 2%, Right? What if 30% or half of them are coming from a certain channel because the taxes, they're gonna tell you that right then it's a better. You know what, you know, time expense resource, just better resource allocation, you know. Look at how we engage with community. Just my thought.

Tyler Wright: You know, does anyone else have any thoughts about? Where the deploy tools live again and that's 1.0. They have their own header under deployed and here they're under guides which again I'm not knocking, I'm not saying they should be moving guides but I would prefer that we add another header specifically to Deport and…

Zach Horn: Yeah, I

Tyler Wright: then we have more guides in there.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, sorry. I haven't Here's one thing I want to understand. So like we recently ran this kava campaign right? Which is people running kava RPC nodes? Those people are coming to our documentation and they want to understand how to deploy a kava RPC node. So, part of that is, like, they're going through console and they're using the one click template. But let's say they're having trouble and they come to the docs and they land on getting started page. Go back to that real quick. What do they see?

Zach Horn:  Like literally if they go to like a college / stocks like Where do they land?

Joao Luna: Well, done here.

Zach Horn:  Okay. I think this is going to be a pig for somebody that's coming through for that use case, you know what I mean? Like, they can click on getting started. Then where does that lead?

Zach Horn: Yeah, just have this gut sense that people are gonna want to faster way to like understand, you know. Okay, I'm on the docs. How do I deploy? What are my options and I think this is what Ty was was talking about is like really quickly. Like, You know, you have three options, you can do CLI, you can do cash console or you can do cloud most. And then you, you go through, and maybe you can direct the guys at that point. I just don't think anybody's gonna go through to the guide section of Dig for that info. You know what I mean? The other,…

Joao Luna: yeah, I think that's…

Zach Horn: the other kind of music. Yeah.

Joao Luna: where i think that's where I'd like the landing page helps that then it suggested So I see I usually see this as like the index for the current structure of the documentation, so h it checks and we'll have it's on description. But what are your mentioning is kind of what this is expected to be.

Tyler Wright: I think Luna to that point.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. No,…

Tyler Wright: Oh, go ahead. Zach

Zach Horn: no Utah.

Tyler Wright: I was just say to that point when I go to this documentation Patreon right now, I don't know when you were just Yeah,…

Joao Luna: As.

Tyler Wright: I don't know where I can go to deploy. I can just maybe go to getting started and then I'll take me to like CLI but I would just like, alright, what are my deploy tools? I know if I'm a provider, it'll take me to provide that probably taking the home chart and to our crador I would just love to just if I'm here to see deploy click on it and this Go from there. That's

Joao Luna: Yeah, I understand.

Zach Horn: Because the other.

Tyler Wright: This is I get like, yeah.

Zach Horn: It just real real quick to the point on the tag cloud over on the right. Yeah, it does filter by cloud most. But keep in mind that like new deployers that are new to the network, they're not going to know a cloud bus is. So like experienced employers, can come in and like dive deep into like all the cloud most info that's in here. But like, if you're new, you're not gonna, you're not going to know what the deploy tools are.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: I was just gonna add that. so obviously, we want to have a additional Session such as this, when when there's additional changes. But I think there's some artifacts here of that, this is not how things are going to look eventually. So I think we've all agreed in prior meetings that nobody uses the Akash CLI right? Or not. Nobody Luna uses the Akashioli.

00:40:00

Joao Luna: just,

Scott Carruthers: I use the cost COI nobody in our community uses. They You know, even what Adam Boss thinks is kind of the atrocious current experience with the accost CLI. So I don't so where I'm going with this from a very high level as and I think Luna's agree with us in the past, eventually getting started is not going to dump someone into a page that is coi environmental variables. So along with some of the structuring that we're talking about, I think and they initial landing page. Yeah, I think in some ways we need to see this in this next iteration for us to really know what the user experience would look like, because getting started, won't be them being dumped into the Akash CLI, so probably an obvious point. But I just want to we have to kind of like,

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think we discussed we discussed it being like the console getting started.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: But I mean, that's that's new content. It's not really like a migration. I think there's no and because premises of this is you get your environment running in like less than five minutes. And that's kind of The limit that we that we have, when developing this documentation, that it has to be fast. So those are the reasons for, like, things like this. Where they fetch like the deseg? Right away. So, the user just doesn't look at Ugly, Jason I know we are not going to use this CLI, but when we developed the documentation to do, we are already having like the new CLI in mind and…

Tyler Wright: Trying.

Joao Luna: what we discussed, like the general who what the journey would be.

Joao Luna:  But yeah, I understand what you're saying, and do you think that's something that we should do before releasing this? So, having like the console as the first appointment experience?

Tyler Wright: West.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so so a couple of things one. So there is console documentation today on the current documentation.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Scott Carruthers: So you can migrate that I think probably the more important question and Luna, this probably isn't even primarily your concerned. I would say a bigger concern is in, is the console in a place that we want to lead with a for a first time users. But that's a completely different. Conversation. And so the documentation is a little bit limited at this point because it doesn't have some basic features like COI access or shell access and things like that, but it definitely, as you're going through now does how they access and getting started to the other point. And I think this was originally what conversations with Adam Boss they thought of possibly having our next iteration of the Akash CLI, and that point, possibly, that is how we suggest people get started. I, I don't think that's eminent by any stretch of the imagination. So, I, I would think that we would want to release Documentation 2.0 long before the, the revise CLI will be available.

Tyler Wright:  Three.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Okay.

Tyler Wright:  I think to Scott's earlier point for right now, if we can migrate the cost console, as these documentation then again have like in the getting started on and the Homepage console cloud mode every way that anybody can deploy when they're talking network, make that like

Joao Luna: so basically this these three

Tyler Wright: Exactly, exactly. But no clouds too.

Joao Luna:  Exceptions.

Tyler Wright: All of them. So, all four. I guess. Cli cloud. Most terraform And console. Every way in which you can deploy. The initial all be equally sized equal weight, you know, again the console the cost console will speak. First employment, we can migrate that but Problem that I to Scott's point before we present this to a steal somebody we do have to get it to it. This next iteration and we should have another meeting because speaking frankly, The depth of the documentation is not going to be called into question, it's going to be the aesthetic.

Joao Luna: Presentation.

Tyler Wright: and so, we just need to make sure the aesthetic is at a point where It is possible to the steering committee. So that'll be our priority Luna if some of these things are outside of the initial step. Which is focused on the migration and the structure. Then just let me know what you think, the actual work will cost in the time perspective. And we can either add to the bounty or adjust the bounty. I'll just focusing again, just on the home page. And by getting started, we can do anything else following that, I just want to make sure those two pages in the migration are. How priority Thank you.

Joao Luna: Let me just take here. A note. So We are saying.

00:45:00

Joao Luna: Landing page and what was the other one getting started, right? Okay and…

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, exactly. And just with the getting started here,

Joao Luna: also the I'll call it. The index page should also have more details on it.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly. I really like the idea that Alani put forth about like the certificate,…

Joao Luna:  Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: you know,…

Joao Luna:  Oh yes.

Tyler Wright: just like adding that language do we, I don't know if that's in this scope.

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I would like for that to be in the scope if it's not, just tell me…

Joao Luna: I think.

Tyler Wright: what that would be, but you already have a glossary section here. On.

Joao Luna: No, I think what Alani mentioned just reminded me. There's something I used to do it for the Kubernetes documentation. There. They have like, something like this. Let me see if I find it.

Joao Luna: Uh let's see I configuration so when they have like a term that's new or require some explanation, they have something really cool. That, I'm trying to find.

Joao Luna:  Out like this. So you see like a pop-up on terms and further explains like what it is. I think it makes sense to you. Something like this and as the template is the same, I think it should be something that's available on the template. So as you can see, like, what's the deployment? What's the state of full set? What's a cubelet without having? And I think this even links like a more detailed page here. So it links to the detailed page but in page it provides

Joao Luna:  Like a small. Tldr. Option. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Abstract, I love that. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: So again, if that's in the scope, then I would continue moving forward on the scope.

Joao Luna:  No, definitely. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Then just let me know and because I think those the homepage of getting started and that glossary that you just described are really aesthetic things, as well as like some of the other changes. We kind of talked about, you know, I'm still firm believer in adding the deploy section again started. On or having a student, adding a deploy section to this like main theme. In addition to the guides but you let me know. You said This week, you should be our next couple weeks is to be done. I would say that if we want to presentation Which would be the 25th and you should look to have a meeting.

Joao Luna: I'll plan for the open for, for that day. We should have one of these before it.

Tyler Wright:  like yeah, we said

Joao Luna: So we know that everything's Great tool to be presented, but I'm aiming for, for that date to be like the steering committee presentation.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Oh problem, we'll definitely have one with meetings before that. I want to just something I know you. Sorry. But it might have been a long time ago.

Alani Kuye: Oh, it might have been a while back, but I think it's already been resolved. That's what I was going to allude to instead of, you know, I mean what? Luna just described. What's exactly…

Tyler Wright: Excellence. Okay.

Alani Kuye: what I was talking about, what I was going to talk about.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. So Luna. I think we have some marching Orders moving forward. Again, appreciate all your work on this feel free to ping us in that sink back and off. You have any questions? Between this. And the next destination, I'm gonna look the plan and second. Maybe you think the end of next week is too soon. Like Wednesday the 17th.

Joao Luna:  Or what? Sorry.

Tyler Wright: Next end up next week Wednesday the 17th or Thursday. The 18th is that too soon? Otherwise, we just following two.

Joao Luna:  No, I think it's No, I think it's great.

Tyler Wright: I looked at someone on the calendar for probably next Thursday.

Joao Luna:  but,

Joao Luna:  Okay. Yeah, no, I think it's great.

Tyler Wright:  You have any other questions, Luna are related to talk 3.0?

Joao Luna:  I have regarding the debate. Is that something that will come up after the steering committee? The first version. So if there needs to be revised version or something, which I don't think

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. The first bounty is already approved. I think I'll just be delivered once we have like once we have like docs 2.0,

Tyler Wright: Working. It's wanna make it clear that we do that.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: We need that before we go this year.

Joao Luna:  Of course. Okay, then I think I have everything and then my only question is kind of out of scope of docs 2.0

00:50:00

Tyler Wright:  Just ask that this pigmented or ask them to say that. We'll just keep on tracking, I'll add them into calendar for next Thursday.

Joao Luna: Okay, yeah, thank you.

Tyler Wright:  See most thank you all much, appreciate everybody, the conversation. I think we're getting there so very excited for next week.

Joao Luna:  Thank you. And ask a question about the client libraries.

Tyler Wright:  Hold on, just one second.

Tyler Wright:  It's cool. Go ahead.

Joao Luna: Yes. So do we have like a reschedule or the client demo? I'm not sure. I don't, I don't see any on my calendar.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I'm still waiting on that because I know that the client libraries is dependence upon the network upgrade. Now that Network Upgrade, which is initially initially intended to happen in May 31st may not happen till June 31st or June 30th because of GPUs and because we want to include some work GPUs in the network upgrade. So I was going to ask you how that would affect you giving a demo and the release

Joao Luna: I mean the demo works everything works but it's it works on the testnet so we won't release it until the GPU upgrade his life but we can still demo it. And then it's just a matter of When the network is live, we just released everything the code and documentation marketing and all that.

Tyler Wright: so, So…

Joao Luna:  But everything's ready basically.

Tyler Wright: how about you give a demo in big clients next week? Next Wednesday.

Joao Luna:  Next Wednesday is the

Tyler Wright: And 10:30 Pacific. Go ahead Scott.

Joao Luna:  I think it's fine. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yes. So just Just a thought. So Luna Obviously I would like those client libraries to get as much traction as possible. So yeah, I'm just wondering do we really want to create excitement around them? When People can't actually use them, so that would be an art. So, obviously, there's ways that we can control that you could give a a demo and…

Joao Luna: Right.

Scott Carruthers: six clients or the next client working group. And then obviously, we can promote it. And if I am more, when people are actually able to use it after the next main, net upgrade, that's a possibility. But initially, I have a question, Do we really want to give a demonstration of it and in six clients or client working group when people can actually use it or certain way? Push it back. Yeah.

Joao Luna: Yeah, you're right. That makes sense. I'm just seeing those gistics because of the, the guys that support on it as well, everyone's kind of awaiting on like the bounty as well. So I'm not sure how delaying it will.

Tyler Wright:  so, I would Yeah. So I would say, Let's presentation SIG clients next Wednesday, that will help us like figure out what next step need to happen. If there's no next step to me to happen. It's really just about amplifying during the network upgrade. Then we can pay out that down here. Um, but I do want to make sure that I've Archer Greg and others are also there and I think that's my sick climate the great place to have to have it because then they could talk about like any code changes or maybe happen any additional testing that they need to happen. Just like whatever those next steps are again. If there are none. Then we'll make that determination at the client. And then I'll make sure that the donkey. Yeah. Immediately after that, I won't be a turn related to that, but if there are changes need to be made, we'll just make up changes.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  My question is this might be a stupid question. Because it's intest net. Can people use it in testament?

Joao Luna:  They can. Yeah, I mean I I'm I think I, I've reached out, I think to use Scott if you wanted to test that work, but I think you're a busy with some other stuff at the time, I'm still open to for that. I still open for you to like get access to the code and try it out. If you want.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I know. Yes. So we actually had a quick discussion about that maybe like four weeks ago or and you said when it was, you were going to share out the code when I was ready and I hadn't heard anything since. So yeah, if you want me to test it just

Joao Luna:  No. Yeah. So the code will be open for everyone when it's ready to be released but I can open the repo to anyone if they want to try it right now. It's just a matter of.

00:55:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, no. Yeah. So if you go back to our conversation, though, I was waiting for you to when you want to share that out with me. And I don't think that we ever Oh…

Joao Luna:  Okay, then, I'm sorry.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, no, yeah, no problem at all. I'm so, but yeah, if you would like me to to test it, I would definitely be happy to

Joao Luna:  Okay then yeah, definitely maybe I just forgot or something because I had the idea that I was waiting on you.

Scott Carruthers:  Oh yeah. Yeah, no problem. I don't think has any consequence. So yeah, whenever whenever you want to share it out when they'll be happy to do some testing,

Joao Luna: Yeah. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, thank you.

Joao Luna: Then we can. Yeah before the demo. So we can be sure that everything goes smoothly, so yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  So just paying him privately or like in the Working Group Client Libraries channel. And then I'm gonna add it as an agenda item through the clients for next Wednesday, that you'll presentation of on the work that you And again, I'll make all. I'm not sure all the stakeholders are there, which they should the other way, but I'll just remind them. Okay. No, it's getting an important demo. Please make sure that you're there.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright:  They'll be like you Cloudmos create their team, you know, just like the usual stuff that clients but I think I'll be a great use of time to again demographic.

Joao Luna:  All right, great yeah. Then I think it's everything from my side.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, and again I'll make sure I track it Luna but make sure that you get like feedback from that meeting because if there's nothing that needs to get done and we're just waiting for the minute upward and I want to have that on record so that we can get you paid out down to us.

Joao Luna: Okay, so yeah, we'll have two but I think we'll only demo one. I mean, I think because we have the Java library in the Go library The galleries fully.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Which one do you think about?

Joao Luna: The goal like the goaling one is, I think it's the most important, is the one that that you and you say I can be implemented with. It's like it's that the biggest. It's the one that's fully implemented. The Java one is a read-only because we are, We had some problems with the RPC communication with the notes. And so we have a researching before implementing it. Yeah, but they are both fully compliant with the spec that we define. So everything on that marriage is good.

Joao Luna:  One is just that Java, one is read only operations. So, like, reading translator, reading deployments bits. This, but there's no really actions. They can like creating a deployment is not possible with the channel.

Tyler Wright: Here. All right. I know some people have to jump to working group event but that's all I had music. Luna.

Joao Luna: What. Sorry? Yeah, I know.

Tyler Wright: Are you are you okay? Like you all your questions answered you?

Joao Luna: Everything's fine yet. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Well, again, much appreciate you doing it. So, reach out to us if you do anything, but I'll plan for something, the next Thursday and then we'll have the decline demo next Wednesday.

Joao Luna:  Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Appreciate you. I'll see some of the other events.

Scott Carruthers: All right. Thanks Luna.

Joao Luna: Thank…

Scott Carruthers: All right.

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Zach Horn: Take care.

Meeting ended after 00:58:27 👋


