
# Akash Network - Working Group Docs 2.0 - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Discuss [Docs 2.0 migration process](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Suggestions for additional docs to be added.
- Update on Console Documentation (if available)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 25, 2023
- Time: 7:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://etnpcwafsvocdus4bwjuhulzkko6s33zdrbh6cpijunxi34xhcca.arweave.net/JNrxWAWVXCHSXA2TQ9F5Up3pb3kcQn8J6E0bdG-XOIQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants


# Notes

- Most of the content is migrated from Luna and his team.
- Luna asked for a clarification for new docs. 
- Homepage is still a work in progress. Items were added to the nav bar.
- Luna walked the group through pages.
- Tags are working.
- Scott mentioned styling for the first homepage. The text boxes in multi colors is not ideal.
- Zach mentioned that a lot of community members
- Alani asked what a certificate is and why it is run on the blockchain?
- Scott mentioned that there needs to be a documentation freeze. 
- Luna showed off the tags structure.
- The goal is to present docs 2.0 at the next Steering Committee meeting.
- Alani mentioned that the tags are very helpful. 
- Tyler, Scott and Alani believe "Deploy" should be a header. Currently deployment tools are under "Guides".



## Action Items

- Luna to change code in boxes to 1 color.
- Homepage is the highest priority for the Quasarch team.
- Getting started section needs to be updated.
- First Deployment will have instructions for Akash Console. 
- Tyler to set up working group session for next Thursdsay to review items discusssed during these sessions. 


# Transcript
