# Akash Network - 2023 Events Working Group (wg) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Announcement of the event-2023 proposal that has passed
- Discussion on [framework](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16sjm4WpXfp4zZTQMJBKHQu3ySMQvENLoL9GzbmnJlfc/edit) for deciding who from the community should attend events
- Exploration of filtering process to determine who should attend events and why
- Support for community members attending events - resources and assistance
- Overview of the [resourcing proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/99) - review of how the community decided on events to attend and cost estimates

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, April 19, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Coney Daddy
- George Pro 
- Joao Luna, Luca
- Robert Del Rey 
- Rodrigo Rochin 
- Scott Hewitson
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- Adam Wozney announces that the event proposal has passed and suggests discussing a framework for deciding who from the community should attend events and how to provide resources for them.
- He shares his screen and presents the resourcing proposal and the list of events approved by the community.
- The filtering process involves considering factors such as proximity to the event location and skill set, and then deciding who should attend.

### Budget For Individuals Attending Events
- The individual cost of participation is estimated based on factors such as transportation and lodging, and the community pool resources will support community members going to these events.
- Adam explains that for community events, the community pool will cover up to a certain amount for expenses, but any additional costs must be paid out of pocket by the attendee.
- If there are hotel costs, the participant may pay for it on their own, but the community has a budget of $1700 to grant attendees who attended an event.
- An example budget is given, where if the airfare costs $1700 and the total cost is $3000, the attendee will receive $1700 from the community pool and cover the remaining amount themselves.
- Accommodation will be covered by the community pool for all attendees from Overclock lab side and community side.
- Attendees will need to cover their own food and transportation costs. Any costs that go over $800 will not be covered and will need to be paid by the attendee.
- Event tickets will be free.
- Adam mentions that anyone from the community who wants to attend events can go through him and he will work with the finance team to pull community pool resources to pay community members to attend these events.
- Scott asks about overages in the proposal and how they will be handled.

### Discussions on Overages in the proposal
- Scott Hewitson asks about where the overage budget can be used and how to avoid using it unnecessarily.
- Adam Wozney explains that the overage budget is not included in the individual participant budget, but can be used for unexpected expenses like marketing collateral or bail money, and any remaining funds will go back to the community pool.
- Adam Wozney also mentions that he overestimated the budget for events to ensure that they can be supported, but he doesn't expect to reach the total amount requested.
- Adam Wozney invites questions about how individuals selected to attend events will be paid.

### Selection Criteria to Attend Events
- Adam Wozney: The selection criteria includes looking at the costs for people to travel to events, technical proficiency of the person, previous event participation, and membership in the insiders program.
- Adam Wozney: To attend events, there needs to be some sort of historical precedence that the person has contributed in some meaningful way to the Akash community.
- Adam Wozney: Attending working group calls and providing feedback is important to be considered as a potential person to attend events.
- Adam Wozney: The selection criteria also includes taking Akash Edu courses and proving that the person knows what they are talking about when they represent Akash.
- Adam Wozney: Whenever there's an upcoming event, the selection process could involve considering who has met the selection criteria and can represent Akash well at the event.
- Adam Wozney: The next big upcoming event for Akash is Gateway to Cosmos in Prague, which has been approved through the community governance vote.
- Adam Wozney suggests using Gateway to Cosmos to approach the four roles for events and working groups.
- Adam suggests applicants prove they know what they're talking about and be a good representation for Akash on stage
- Adam Wozney suggests that one of the criteria for attending events should be being a contributing member of the insiders program.

### Selection Process to Attend Events
- Adam proposes creating a resume builder or template for people to fill out information per role they want to take on.
- Adam suggests sharing the resumes on the working group channel for everyone to review.
- Adam highlights that there is no perfect way to approach this, but opening up to suggestions from the group.
- Joao Luna suggests avoiding a template to avoid effortless applications and proposes a limited template for the application process
- Scott suggests soliciting applications for specific events to have a timeline and structure
- Adam likes the idea of creating a timeline and lightweight template for applications
- Joao agrees with Scott and Adam
- Joao suggests a specific timeframe before an event for submitting proposals to filter spam proposals
- Adam agrees with Joao and suggests creating a framework for a timeline
- Robert agrees with Luna's point of filtering spam proposals and suggests he is thinking of something
- Robert Del Rey suggests keeping it simple by asking one question, why they should be the one to go and represent Akash at the event, and adding resources such as how long they've been in the Akash community and how many times they have contributed to Akash.
- Adam agrees and suggests creating a private discord channel specifically for event proposals, where insiders can apply to attend events and provide feedback.
- Adam asks if anyone has any other thoughts on how people can put themselves up as potential attendees for events.

### Tiebreaker Process For Selecting Participants
- Scott Hewitson suggests discussing the tiebreaker process for selecting participants when two people want to attend the same event.
- Adam Wozney agrees that selecting participants can be a challenging process, especially when multiple members are qualified and interested in attending.
- Adam suggests using metrics such as level of seniority and whether or not the member has already attended an event as part of the selection process.
- Robert Del Rey suggests considering who is closest to the event as a tiebreaker.
- Adam adds that distance is a significant driver of cost, so selecting the closest participant would be beneficial to the community fund.
- The group agrees on considering level of seniority, previous event attendance, and distance as tiebreakers in selecting participants for community events.
- Scott suggests a voting system and setting a date in advance to vote to avoid discrepancies.
- Adam agrees and suggests that anyone who misses the vote is responsible for it but thats not a perfect way to decide who should go.
- Robert talks about how they had to review contributions of validators and vote on who should get the delegation. They never had a tie in voting.
- Robert suggests selecting an Akash committee member to review applications and decide who should go.
- The group discuss the possibility of assigning points for different criteria like community support in Discord to select the right candidate.

### Some Selection Criteria the group agrees on
- If only one person applies and they seem like a good fit, they're in.
- If two people apply and they're both good fits, but one is more senior, that person wins out.
- If they are both at the same senior level but haven't contributed as much, a calculation store will be used for filtering.
- The filtering process goes through levels of filters until it gets down to one person.
- The final leg of the process would be a calculation score to make the final decision.
- This approach is not a simple "you go, you go, you don't go" decision, but rather a more comprehensive evaluation process.

### Final Thoughts 
- Robert asks if he can apply to another event after attending Event A and seeing that Event B is coming up.
- Adam thinks it's totally fine to apply to any event they want to go to. The filtering mechanism will decide who goes to the event.
- The event proposal budget is created for roles that need an Akash presence at events.
- Adam plans on going to several events and going through the process himself to test it out. 
- He thinks it will be messy at first to apply the framework, but they will get a better process over time.
- The group wants to have a clearly defined framework for selecting attendees to avoid animosity or upset in the community.
- Adam will put all the criteria in a formalized document and share it in the Working Group Events Channel for final review.
- The goal is to make the process public so people know how it works.

## Actions Items

- Adam will put all the criteria in a formalized document and share it in the Working Group Events Channel for final review.
- Adam Wozney will work with the finance team to pull community pool resources to pay community members who want to attend events.
- Adam Wozney will create a private Discord channel specifically for event proposals, where insiders can apply to attend events and provide feedback.
- Adam Wozney will create a framework for a timeline for submitting proposals for events, and a limited template for the application process.


# **Transcript**
_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right. Now we're live. Thank you guys again for joining. I think this is our third events Working group. Call is an exciting one because our event proposal has passed. So a majority of today's call. I want to spend on how we can figure out, who should go to what events and why sorting through like a filtering process of framework for a decisions on. Who should from the community, should go to these events as I mentioned a minute ago, if we put this out on a tweet, everyone in the community to raise their hands and say I should go to this event, but I think we need some sort of filtering mechanism to figure out who should go and why I want to talk about how folks from the community will be supported in terms of resources to attend events. But a majority of this call, I really want to focus on the framework for how we decide who, from the community should attend events. And why before I get into anything, are there any questions agenda items, thoughts on figuring that stuff out?
Adam Wozney:  No, all right cool. I'll share my screen. And we'll kind of kick it off from here. So, You guys should all be familiar with the resourcing proposal. This is a public document. Basically, what you're seeing here is what you're seeing in the github proposal, what you saw in the In the voting proposal, it basically is lists like how we decided as a community to go to what events how we've kind of defined what these events should cost, like a rough estimate around each and every event, but the total cost of like the yearly events will look like and the roles for these these particular events, who what will need in terms of support for our presence at these events. So I won't spend any time going to the proposal. I'm sure you guys have all reviewed it. It's on Github. If you want to review it again but um just wanted to point out. This is how we got there.
Adam Wozney:  In terms of which events we should go to. This is also a public doc, it lists out the general cost per event, rough estimates. It lists out the events that have been approved by the community through the governance vote that we should be attending and it also lists out individual costs in terms of how much community pool resource will support community members going to these events. High level for how I think this is going to work, is we go through the filtering process Deciding, You know, let's say, Luca Luca's, you know, geographically close to this event location. He has the skill set to potentially speak at the event or support a meetup that will be hosting a side event and volunteering and helping find catering. Or, you know, whatever it is kind of just being a point of contact for that. So it makes sense for Luca to go. We'll say,
Adam Wozney:  Um, from there, we've actually separated the cost into individual cost participation. So if you look at this, for example, let's say, luca's been decided to go, this is what the, the budget proposal has been agreed upon by the community through the vote. So, around 5K, we'll say for airfare hotel, food, transport tickets, all that stuff. However, some of these things might not be needed. So, we'll say, for this hypothetical event, we're talking about, That's close to Luca. There are no ticket costs. So, down here, you'll see, Here's an estimate on what that will look like. So we're not going to include that transportation food. Those are all things that the the community fund will support hotel or airbnb. Sometimes we'll be getting airbnbs for a group of people so there won't be needs there won't be a need for hotel cost so he would just have
Adam Wozney:  Place to go if there are hotel costs you Luca would actually pay for it on your own, but we do have a budget of $1700 us that essentially would be granted to you, no matter what the cost is. So that way if your hotel is, you know, a thousand bucks, you just show that you paid a thousand bucks and we'll reward you or will pay you off the 1000 US dollars for attending that event.
Adam Wozney:  Um, airfare, it's up to 1700. So let's say this event actually cost you three grand for whatever reason to fly out to, you know, x y z country, you will get 1700 dollars from the community pool, everything that it costs more than that, you'll have to pay out of pocket. That's just how the proposal works. That's how that's what we have in funding, so that's kind of how that process works. So here you can see like my estimated Here's like an example budget. So we have a budget of 1700 only cost you 700 dollars to fly out there. Great hotel. We got an airbnb for everyone. That's gonna be attending from, like, Overclock lab side from the community side, so you don't have to cover anything on that. So you just attend that, so there's no cost there.
Adam Wozney:  Food transport. That's something that you have to do on your own. That's individual. So if you spend over 800 dollars, that'll be out of pocket, if you're able to spend under $700, but would include that in the proposal. And that's what you would get from a from the community pool and event tickets would be free. So total cost for Luna to attend. Hypothetical conference would be 2100 dollars us that would be sent to you in Akt. At the end of those events. I see some questions popping up here in the chat. You put the links and the chat. Yes, absolutely. Oh yeah, thank you, Robert for adding that in there. Um, so in terms of how people get paid out for attending events that has been decided, does that make sense? Does that process make sense?
00:05:00
Adam Wozney:  One, one thing, I guess, one final thing to mention is anyone who attends in the community so Luca, hypothetically, you can just go through me. I'll be kind of your point of contact because I'll be working directly with the finance team. Scott and Chain to pull community pool resources to pay community members to attend these events. Scott, go ahead.
Scott Hewitson: Yeah, can you just touch on the overages piece because you know you're saying up to 1700, You know, the overages. So say it was two grand. They're like Hey can we use the overage for that extra 300 bucks or is that where do you see that overages coming in? Is that more for the events or individual line items? Or how do you see that?
Adam Wozney: Yeah, for sure. So I think the question is basically, like, Let's say there was no event ticket costs, so that would subtract $700 from this total budget but your airfare costs, two thousand dollars. So there's like a $500 kind of overage, is that you're kind of saying, well, we use that overage towards the like airfare is that what you're thinking?
Scott Hewitson: No, no, I'm saying like on the like on the proposal, right? It was There was by quarter like on the initial signaling proposal is by quarter and…
Adam Wozney: Yes.
Scott Hewitson: then there was like an overage piece.
Scott Hewitson: Like, a buffer I guess I'm just looking at,…
Adam Wozney:  Yeah. Right.
Scott Hewitson: like, there's Q2 Q3 Q4 and overage. Where is that overage in that? Be used where, where can that be used and working that not to use, I guess?
Adam Wozney:  Yeah, honestly it's a good question and that's why I wanted to have this call. When I put together this individual kind of budget, I didn't include overages just because there could be up. There could be times where, you know, Luca, for example, had to buy something to support the Meetup and the Meetup would be, You know, we need to buy some flyers and that cost $100 to hand out to people. Um, I think we would use the overage for those opportunities but I didn't want to include them in like the individual kind of participant budgets because I wanted to keep it very straight and straightforward. In terms of this is the funding. You have to attend the event and participate but not for like marketing collateral or swag or I don't know, a dinner meeting with you know potential partner of Akash, something like that. So it I'm not including that in the individual individual participant cost just because the individual participate cost is pretty big. So
Adam Wozney:  Actually getting to that five point, you know 5,600 Point would be kind of difficult to do. Honestly I'm from my from my kind of experience and going to events but that's how I'm looking at the overage. So at the end of this, those overage costs will just go back into the community pool. So it's basically just like just in case like we need to Luca got crazy. He had a great time at this event and yet, you know, he had too much fun, and the police arrested him, and we had a bail them out. I'm not saying that that will happen. It probably wouldn't happen, but that was their kind of the overage ideas. That's the high level. The overage idea, does that kind of make sense?
Scott Hewitson: Yeah, bail money is good.
Adam Wozney:  Real life. Exactly. Well, if there's bail money, um, you're I don't know, we won't what's not even get into that. That's a whole bridge out on the cross.
Adam Wozney:  Yep. And at the end of the day, I overestimated these events. Um, I haven't broken down into, you know, tier one events, which is like, We're gonna do a meetup, We're gonna have a sponsorship, we're gonna do all this other stuff and then, tier two is like no sponsorship. No meetup is mostly just attendance. And hopefully, we can get some speaking opportunities at, like, side events or the conferences, we attend. But I overestimated, just because I wanted to make sure that, you know, when we go to these events, we'll be able to support them. So I'm assuming that a lot of the money that we're requesting from the community pool on a quarterly basis but really throughout the year, we'll go back into the community pool at the end of the year. So the total amount I don't see us reaching that. I would be pretty surprised if we did, I'd be very surprised but um it's good to have just in case because like I've said, even in the beginning of the proposal there it's not a perfect science events, they're definitely not a perfect science, there's always a little things that pop up that you might need to pay for, but I'd rather have more than enough then, not enough. So that's how I'm looking at that.
00:10:00
Adam Wozney:  So any questions on like how individuals that are kind of selected to go to events are gonna get paid any questions on that stuff.
Adam Wozney:  Nope. Okay, cool. So the next big thing is the selection process and this is where I'm definitely gonna lean on you guys to help me or how we can kind of come together and figure out who from the community should go. Um because we could do something simple. Or it's like people say, I want to go to Let's say osmo con in Paris in July, everyone's gonna raise their hand, we can put it on a form and we put out the community to vote. But that doesn't really tell the whole story, everyone's gonna just get both for themselves. So it's really hard to kind of like decipher who from the community should go. So I kind of put in like a rough framework for deciding or like filtering who should go to these particular events. And for what
Adam Wozney:  I will mention right off the gate. Not every event is going to require each role. Some of these events. There will be an event manager that's needed. I'm definitely kind of, I would say I'm probably the most kind of
Adam Wozney:  Equipped to do that because I've been doing it for 10 plus years but there could be some folks that are a part of the community that have, you know, ten years of event management experience as well. And we could have them kind of be the the point of contact between the event organizers. All the side events that are taking place and plugging in people from the community and to attend these things. So I have a broken up by event managers, technical speakers. I think. For all of our events, we're always gonna be looking for speaking opportunities and we want them to be technical speaking opportunities. So we want to make sure that people that are getting up on stage. Whether it's from Overclock, or from the community, in general, Have those technical chops to actually talk about a caution. I mean, play create decks answer questions on stage, has a background and actually, speaking up on stage and knows what they're doing and they need some sort of proof to kind of, you know, Here's a video of me talking about a caution in the past that I meet up and we can get community can resume. Like yes, this person makes sense to talk
Adam Wozney:  Um, BD Partnerships. This is something that is kind of, I would say maybe the least potentially at least needed for particular events, because I think we're really trying to get technical audiences to pay attention to it cost and get more developers onto the network.
Adam Wozney:  But if let's say I'm going to keep using Luca as an example, let's say he's actually made some business development partnerships through to Akash. He's introduced people on discord, he's helped different validators from different chains, get on to Akash. I think he could be a good example of someone that has the background. Essentially a resume built out saying like this is what I've accomplished before I think it makes sense for me to go to this event because XYZ reason but um tbd on you know who exactly or what that looks like. That's what I want to talk about today and then I have a community representative and this is kind of a catch all. So I This is where I think a majority of the community will come into in terms of attending and supporting event presents for Akash. This person I have kind of listed out in a couple selection criteria's
Adam Wozney:  So, the selection criteria is basically looking at what are the costs for people to travel to these events. What is the technical proficiency of the person that would be going to this event? Can they talk about a caution and meaningful way? Or they don't just say, Oh, it's decentralized cloud. That's in my opinion. Probably not good enough. And I think most of you would probably agree. You want to have a better understanding of what's going on in Akash. I would say they need to have some sort of previous event participation. So they participating in previous crypto events, either small Meetups or larger conferences or hackathons if they have speaking chops. That's preferred, but not required for event participation, but if they volunteered or hosted meetup events, I think that is something that is beneficial because they understand the ebbs and flows of how these conferences work. Because crypto conferences are a whole thing in and of itself.
Adam Wozney:  I did put in a requirement that I want people to be members of the insiders program. I think this only makes sense, because if you're a member of the insider program, you've raised your hand saying Yes, I want to engage. And what's going on at Akash Regularly? I want to support the network. I want to help it grow and because it's volunteer based and they're contributing, I think that's just a positive framework or positive filter to bring people in to say yes, you make sense to go to these events. Um,
Adam Wozney:  I had a couple other things here listed so breaking it down a little bit. There's about 50 or. So insiders that are part of the program, not all 50 hours engaged as instafend, for example, or as Robert, you guys are very engaged, I'm not called George. I know you're helping a lot Luca, you as well and Mr. Luna of course, but there needs to be some sort of historical precedence that, yes, I've joined the program that doesn't necessarily mean that you should automatically go to an event. Because you're in the insiders program, there has to be a historical precedence, that I've contributed in some meaningful ways. So community support community contributions. Showcasing that people have been involved.
00:15:00
Adam Wozney:  And the final thing is just attending these working group calls if you're not in these calls, you can watch the recording but you would definitely need to leave some sort of feedback in the events. Working group channel saying, I think this makes sense I have an idea here. Here's enough coming event and how I think I can contribute. But if you're not attending these calls, I don't think you should even be included as a potential person to go to these events or at least not watching the recordings of these calls. So these are kind of the filtering mechanisms I've thought up. So geographic location to keep costs down technical proficiency or understanding of akash some sort of provable metric proving that, you know what you're talking about. In terms of when you talk about Akash because you, whoever from the community, that's attending will be, you know, representing a cache. So we don't need to make sure that these people know what they're talking about. One of the things I added, It was actually, I think people need to go through the cost you to your course right now. There's only one. So it's not too heavy lift, but eventually there will be multiple curriculum and if they've passed it it's like okay.
Adam Wozney:  If they seem to know what they're talking about in terms of a cautious because it's proven they've gone through the curriculum, there's an Antity to prove it. Previous event participation, so they've attended Meetups, they're comfortable interacting with people. Networking attending akash events being kind of a spokesperson for Akash. On site a member of the cautious contributing member of the Caution Cider's program. And I would say, they must attend these working group events, working group calls, because this is how you'll get updated on which events are coming up, what are the needs for each individual event and so forth. So that's kind of the the high level in terms of the selection criteria. My biggest question is like how this works like in practice. the only thing I've really been able to come up with and I'm open to your guys's thoughts and we can open it up after this is the only thing can come up with is whenever there's an upcoming event. So for example, let's look at
Adam Wozney:  The latest upcoming website. Let me put that close that the next really big upcoming event, that we have listed out here is Gateway to Cosmos and that's in Prague. That's in June. Most of the major cosmos projects are going to be there. This is the second one that they've done. I've never attended it before but from the pictures and from what I've heard from other cosmos projects that attended it's a good event because very cosmos specific and it's a builder event which is also good for Akash. It's been approved through the community governance vote but um for Gateway to Cosmos, for example.
Adam Wozney:  Um, we have, you know, it's a tier one event. So right now, we're not looking for sponsorship and we're not looking for a side event. So in terms of who it attend, we're kind of going really specifically off of what we have listed out and the roles for these events, the Events Manager potential speaker, because we want to get up on stage, we can't get up on stage. I think that eliminates the need for a speaker, BD partnerships TBD on if we need a BD or partnership person, we have budget for it, but I think we need to make a case for what that would look like. What their role would be and how they would showcase? Like what the return on them attending looks like and then a community representative. Which again I think having someone from the cash community going um, would make a lot of sense. So
Adam Wozney:  I'm not sure how to approach it. I think the best way to do it is for Gateway to Cosmos. For example, is we know that there's four roles that we have, I think going into the events and working group and saying Here's, I think I would be a good fit for the BD partnerships role because, and then having some sort of I don't know, maybe a resume build out or some template that that I'm happy to build that people have to fill out. You know, I'm I want to go for the BD partnerships role. I've helped on board new validators after the network, and here's a link to prove it, I've connected bars from Overclock who's really leading the charge on the BD side to someone. From this AI project and things are moving in a positive direction there, through that interaction. So some sort of resume building, resume builder, or like a template for it to fill out information per role.
Adam Wozney:  and then people can review it and they can say, Okay, I think this person just makes sense so there's really There's really no perfect way to do this. I'll be honest, like, as I've been thinking about this, there isn't a perfect way and I wanted to kind of cross this bridge. Once we got there, I just wanted to get the funding approved, so we can actually start planning events to go to, but yeah, at this point, I really just wanted to open up to you guys. Do you think put it together like a lightweight kind of almost like a resume, like a template that people can fill out and be like, I would be good for this role because X y, z reason, and then share it on the working group channel. And then we can kind of all review it in these calls to be like, Yeah, I think it makes sense for George to go to this event, because he can be a great community representative. He's local to the area, he's a native language speakers German or whatever it is, um, and he can also help out with any side events that we host. So thoughts, I'm gonna open up to you guys. I've been saying a lot
00:20:00
Adam Wozney:  Let's go. How should we do this? How should we decide on who from the community should attend these events? Don't all jump in at once.
Adam Wozney:  That's right. Oh, go ahead Mr. Luna
Joao Luna: Hello, can you hear me, well? Because I'm walking currently.
Adam Wozney:  yes.
Joao Luna: So, it's I would say as for the template, and the only reason I would avoid it is just to To avoid like effortless applications some extent. Like Why these things like that? No, I'll just deal with generic stuff and not actually having a template just one points that we would like the application we have. Would make basically Prepologists give it a little more thought.
Joao Luna:  yeah, try to be as Like push that side from the people of Argumenting, why they should be without having like a strict template, what they should say?
Adam Wozney:  Got it. So you're thinking just like, if someone wants to go to X event and they want to go as a speaker. Saying, I want to go into the working groups channel and say I propose, I go to X event as a speaker. Because bullet point, I can speak on this. Here's a link to previous talks. I've given here's a meetup that I attended where I spoke about X subject. So, something to kind of prove out that they know what they're talking about, and they would be a good person to represent Akash on stage. Is that what you're kind of thinking?
Joao Luna: yeah, kind of, but also Provide a limited template from our side. To like to those applications.
Adam Wozney: Yeah.
Joao Luna: so yeah, I just like Try to reduce the amount of Let's say spam but in Paris is right Spam. Participation.
Adam Wozney:  Oh, and the other thoughts on how people can propose themselves. As someone who should potentially go to an event.
Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Hewitson: Um yeah. I think I mean maybe as you're planning a specific event, you can like solicit say, Hey, we're like put a call out and say Hey we're looking for people so like so there's like timing or like when people know when to submit rather than just, like,
Scott Hewitson:  You know, tomorrow someone's like, Hey, I want to go to massari in September or something. Well, a lot can change between now and September, so I, you know, I don't know like timeline, what would be best? But maybe I mean you're in my mind, you structured, this program, you wrote the grant, you're in my mind, the program manager of this. You're not being paid by the grant for this. You're being paid by Overclock to do this, but you're kind of like the leader of this grant essentially in my mind. So I would like, to see from you a, like, a call for applications at some point for each event, or Or, you know, these two events or whatever. I don't know, that's just kind of what I'm thinking.
Adam Wozney: I like that was kind of, I'm, This is an exactly that, right? Perfect wording. But like, develop a kind of a, some sort of a timeline. And how when, and, where people can kind of in quotes, apply to attendant event. Filling out that lightweight framework, that template that that will put together words. Like, Here's the reasons why I think it makes sense for me to go to these events. That makes a lot of sense.
Joao Luna: Yeah, I also agree. So, we are saying that you
Adam Wozney: Cool.
Adam Wozney:  Yes.
Joao Luna:  Say I don't agree that you no one that I've been writing this. I'd like to see that the color corrections from on your side. Like I don't know if you have a specific time frame before the event which we should be powerful. And the action. So like this week will be this evening. The presentation request from the community to X events and just have all them.
00:25:00
Adam Wozney: Yeah, yeah. I I totally agree in my background in posting and putting on and attending numerous types and of events. I would say the more time that individuals have to prepare the better and the more quick folks will be to get the most of these events that were attending Yeah, I I completely agree with that so I'm gonna I'll work on a kind of developing a like a framework or on a timeline. So it'll be like two months before an event. We'll actually put a call to arms, fill out this lightweight template that we've created. And we can kind of like people can kind of put in why they think it would make sense for them to potentially go to these events. Go ahead, Robert
Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I agree with Luna Point. The it's important to filter, spam proposals. And I'm pretty sure we will get many. something, I'm thinking of
Adam Wozney: Well, I actually, I don't know if it will because and if you guys agree with this kind of criteria in terms of the geographic location, one of the biggest criteria parts is, you have to be a member of the inside is program and it contributing member of the insiders program because the insiders program, everyone goes through a vetting. Once people are admitted, it's really up to them to engage or contribute as much as they want given, like opportunities presentation to them. And like I mentioned we have about 50 or so insiders. But really about half of that I would say actively engaged members and that's totally fine. It's a volunteer program but this actually could be a like a forcing mechanism to get people more involved, right? Because if you want to attend event you got to prove that you've supported or engaged or contributed to the community over you know a certain time period. And actually I might even include that like over a certain time period, like,
Adam Wozney:  I've been in the program for, you know, let's say six months and over that time. I've, you know, drafted a technical blog, I've participated in a test net, I've introduced, you know, Zach to someone who's gonna help write a blog post for us. So, like, they have like, a certain amount of back like historical precedence saying like, Yes, I'm part of the program and I've done these things so I can be considered for an event. So it might actually encourage people to contribute more to the insiders program over time. I think that's actually a good way to look at it too, but I agree.
Adam Wozney:  Cool.
Robert Del Rey: That makes sense. 100% to me. Adam, thank you for explaining that. Another thing I wanted to say is maybe we can just keep it simple like just one question, why you should be the one to go and represent a cash to this event? Yeah. Give the guys the space so they can explain like why they should go. And in that same space they can add the resources. You're mentioned how many times they have contribute to a cash? How long they've been in that cash community? Etc. You know I don't know if you're aware of these but on discord you can create forums
Adam Wozney: Up.
Adam Wozney:  Actually, I think that's a good idea. Creating a discord channel, specifically. Specifically for event proposals.
Adam Wozney:  Community. Apparent proposals, basically community members saying, So I'll make a call to arms. It'll only be open to insiders. So it'd be a private channel because really, it's only for insiders is one of the requirements, but create a channel saying and this is where I'd say like at channel starting to think about
Adam Wozney: if you think you'd fit one of these,
Adam Wozney: Figuring out exactly who makes sense to go and why it's a kind of a general feedback area as well, but I think that makes a lot of sense. And that way, it's not spammy, and we're not putting in insiders channel, which is really for general communication, but I think that's a great idea. Robert.
Adam Wozney:  Well. Um, cool. So the two things we have right now is I'm gonna work on, developing kind of a timeline for the, how, when, and where people can kind of apply to these events essentially called. The arms, I think making a discord channel makes a lot of sense. Robert. So, I'll work on adding a discord channel. I think even just, I agree with you as well. Unless anybody else has any thoughts? Just having a simple question, like, I'll be a call to arms. And then it's like, Why do you think you should be at this event and holiday contributed to the cash community over the past? You know, six months um, people respond to that and might be a problem. But I'm not worried about it yet. We're not there yet, but it's basically a lightweight template for people applying essentially to go to these events. And for what role Um, beyond that any other thoughts? I had. Others have one more thought on this and it's probably the most difficult one, but I'm want to see if you guys have any other thoughts on people kind of putting themselves up as potential attendees for these various events.
00:30:00
Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. Oh sure.
Robert Del Rey: Can you say that again, Adam, I'm sorry.
Adam Wozney: Sure. I I said the the final thing is, I have one final kind of question, and it's probably the most difficult question, but I want to see if anyone had any other thoughts in terms of how people can kind of put themselves up and say, Hey, I should go to this event and why like how we form it that? Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I don't know if this is gonna be yours, so I might steal your thunder, but I'm thinking if we have two people that want to go to the same event, how do you decide a tiebreaker? Like, What's that process? Is there a vote? Is it like, all right? Anyone who shows up to this certain meeting gets a vote? If you don't show up, you don't get a vote. something like that because I can see potentially, You know Tony Daddy wants to go, I want to go you know we want to duke it out, you know who's it? Who's gonna go baby?
Adam Wozney:  I agree. No. And that that you did steal my thunder. The biggest the hardest question of all this. So we can create all the frameworks in the world. All the application forms in the world, but if there are two or three or four members that are, you know, they're all great, it's known that they're great. Everyone in the community agrees that, I'll be great at these events. How do we select that? I don't know the easiest way. Easiest format for this is I put on a call to arms. Two people say, I want to be a speaker and I want to be one of the community support contributors. No one else says anything. And the proposals look good, they're good, they're in that's great, that's easy. But what do we do When we have four people saying I want to be an events manager. I want to be a community support person. I want to be a speaker. I want to be BD and they're all solid.
Adam Wozney:  I don't know the answer that my general thoughts are, We'll go over, it's gonna go into level of seniority or a level of long. People have been a part of the insiders program. I'm just going to write down these notes, so, The selection would be whoops. Level of seniority like how long? How long people have been in the program?
Adam Wozney:  And Program. And I have notes on all that. I've start dates for when everyone joined the program, so that's good. I would say other kind of metrics are. Have they already tended an event and if so we should give the opportunity to someone else.
Adam Wozney:  so, if opportunity to someone else,
Adam Wozney:  How do you spell opera community? We spell opportunity wrong. But it's building for me. To attend event. Level of seniority. Have they already sent an event if they'll give opportunity someone else? What other things can you guys think of?
Robert Del Rey: Who's closest to the event?
Adam Wozney: Yeah, I kind of have that in like, the list of requirements. Maybe this isn't a requirement. It's more of a Like,…
Scott Hewitson: Tiebreak.
Adam Wozney: how close are individuals. So, it's, yeah. It's like a tiebreaker. So I might actually just I agree.
Robert Del Rey: We could get a break here.
Adam Wozney: Because that's really a cost related thing. Like if you're closer. It's gonna be cheaper for the community fund and we're trying to save community fund dollars as much as possible, and that's the biggest thing in terms of driving cost, is travel getting people out there the flights hotels, not, because that's across the board, no matter who attends. But travel out there is gonna be the biggest driver of cost. um,
Adam Wozney:  I'll keep the fluent language, any other things like, so level and seniority. How long people in the program over other people have, they already attend an event as a part of this. Give the opportunity someone else to attend the event. Anything else that we can think of like how we will select individuals, because that's the that's the hardest thing for me to figure out right now. Because all of you on this call, everyone can say, I want to go to X event. I have the background for it. I have the understanding who's the decision maker, like, I'm happy to be that person, but I don't want to be either because I don't, I'm not isn't a dictatorship. This is a community kind of driven like thing but how we select those individuals, that's that's one of the hardest things for me to kind of think through Go ahead, Scott.
00:35:00
Scott Hewitson: Yeah, maybe when you, when you do do that, like, call to arms. You can like, set a date. That's like, far in advance that says on this date. If there are any kind of discrepant, like, we will vote. So anyone who's present can vote or whatever, and anyone who's present gets over. I don't know, I'm just Because what you don't want to do is like say alright we're gonna vote and then you know you set up a date will all I couldn't make it or I couldn't you know or I don't know, but if you do that and like way in advance, then you set that time like,
Adam Wozney: It's not. Yeah, it's like on them a thing missed, you…
Scott Hewitson:  Yeah.
Adam Wozney: it's on individuals that they missed that vote, like we'll say. In that column.
Scott Hewitson:  Yeah. And it can and it can be like a five minute meeting or like a time that you know, or I don't know.
Adam Wozney: Exactly. We'll be like, okay guys, so we're here for this event. We have two people that are really good fits for speaking people in this call, how should we decide? And then we'll go from there and then it just kind of like people agree. It's it's not perfect. It's definitely not perfect.
Scott Hewitson: Now.
Adam Wozney: It's really I think the best the best thing I can think up. So go ahead Robert. What do you think?
Robert Del Rey: That's nice. I want to say something else. In regards on choosing who will go. And I remember a few months ago, well, like, I can't go, I was in the, you May delegations down and it was like a comedy and we decided which validators would receive delegations from you, me? So it was like seven or nine people, I don't remember the second number. but, What we do is that we had to review all the validators contributions, and after reviewing them, we have to select the validators who would get the delegation, the foundation, delegation, right?
Robert Del Rey: So it happened more than one time, that two or three validators were like like perfect validator and we wanted to give them delegations. And when that happened in those cases, we had to vote on who will get it. Like, like yes or yes. Who are of these validators will get it. And since we were like not a parent number, I don't know how to call the other number. The one that is not fair. We were seven or nine, I don't remember. It was It was several times.
Scott Hewitson: On.
Robert Del Rey: So a tie never happened. I mean on the paper we can had a tie but when we were voting on, which one was the validated with, get it It was never outside. So what what I'm trying to propose here is that we can select and a cash committee that can review the the denominations and in both on who should go. And yeah, just just saying that that idea I don't know what you think about it, but yeah.
Adam Wozney: So, you're saying, So sorry, I'm trying to figure out how to like frame, what you're saying, what you think. I mean, it sounds kind of like what Scott was saying, it'll be people. Join a call review the applications, essentially and then it's decided in that call experience going to accident. Is that what you're thinking?
Robert Del Rey: Not really, I mean we didn't have calls with this validators with just reviewed their contributions to to the network. what I'm saying is,
Robert Del Rey: Oh, wow. Well It was it was a comedy,…
Adam Wozney:  Oh, a committee, like everything. Is Scott Scott's saying committee?
Robert Del Rey: right? So so yeah, maybe we can, we can try it. We don't even have to have a call with this guys and just reviewing information. Oh, something I remember now and this is what I wanted to say. Each contribution has a weight for example reading guides and video guides. Usually the video guides gave you more points than a written guy because you had to make more effort into a video guy. And yeah we had those things in the comedy as well to help us decide on on how to calculate the score of each body there. So maybe we can have that great Peter that you're proposing. I believe it's great. So maybe we can Boasted out a little by giving them points and maybe the more criteria you met, the more points you have and that will make it easier for us to select, which one is gonna go. that was very basically, the idea I'm trying to propose
00:40:00
Adam Wozney: Yeah, I'm running it down as I'm sitting here. I don't know, it's not perfect, but they feel like a blog post. Don't say it's one point. Community support like or community support in discord and I can look up how many responses people having discord like responding to threads responding to comments. And you can kind of see who has the most over like a certain time period. It's like two points or something, something like that. I kind of I think that actually could work as well.
Adam Wozney:  Yeah, I feel like that's way to think about this is easiest way to do this. Is I've only one person applies and there they seem like a good fit. They're in. If two people apply one's a little more seen, they're both good. They're both good. Fits in terms of application but one's more senior. That person wins out. The next phase is they're both the same senior level but they haven't contributed as much. That's when we go to this, like calculation store. So that way there's kind of like almost like like a filtering. So it goes through these levels of filters, until it gets down to like that one person. And I think the final leg of that would be, like a score, some sort of calculation score. And that's how the final decision will be made that way. It's not one of us I'm saying you go, you go, you don't go. I think that actually makes a lot of sense.
Adam Wozney:  Okay, cool. Any other like you guys have any other thoughts on how we can kind of select individuals to go to these events. Oh yeah, even very silent. He's not an insider, but if it wants to start going to events, it looks like you're gonna have to become one. Any, any thoughts from from anyone, 20? Daddy George, Rodrigo, lukea on how we kind of really truly select individuals to go to these events.
Robert Del Rey: A one question, Adam. let's say,…
Adam Wozney: Yeah.
Robert Del Rey: I go to Event A And there is event B, coming up. Can I apply again to another event? Or will be like on the side like hey, if the opportunity to somebody else.
Adam Wozney:  I think it's I think it's totally fine for anyone to apply to any event that they want to go to at a certain point. I think this this thing that we're working on right now will be that filtering mechanism on deciding who goes so hypothetically if there's three events coming up And only one person applies to attend as a community support or community ambassador. That person and their applications. Check out for each one, that person essentially gets it by default. So I don't think there's any problem with that. I mean, there's, but this is why we created the event. Proposal budget is for that purpose. Like we know, we have funds allocated specifically for roles at these akash events that we think there needs to be in a cash presence for um,
Adam Wozney:  I think it's totally fine to do to do that. I think it's completely fine. Like, I plan on going to a number of these events, but I also want to be one of the people that, like, goes through this process, like, I want to try it out myself. It's gonna it's it's gonna be messy. I'm assuming for the first couple that we do, but, um, I think over time, we'll get a better process in and it'll, it'll be a little bit more seamless, but I think this will create right now is helping a lot, but, um, it's gonna be, you know, trial and error, I think at the beginning here to figure this out, my biggest fear is having community members be upset. That's so, and so is going, or why is this person going? Why haven't I have been able, why haven't I've been selected? Um, so I think having a very clearly defined framework like what we're discussing right now is gonna be very helpful to lean on say well these are the reasons the decided upon and the working group calls that everyone's invited to. What else can we do? So that way, if there's any animosity on Twitter we can share this kind of
Adam Wozney: Public framework. And say Here's how it's decided. It's been known for a while. What do you want from us? That's that's kind…
Robert Del Rey: Absolutely.
Adam Wozney: what I'm hoping to squash with this, you know what I mean?
Robert Del Rey:  Squash it?
Adam Wozney:  Yes, exactly. Um, and I agree, Rodrigo, I think it is this process is going to start to come a little bit more naturally but I'm It's gonna I still think it'll be a little messy for the first few months maybe all throughout this year. Hopefully not. But, um, I think that's how we'll kind of decide on what this looks like. um, cool. Any other kind of considerations you guys can think of in terms of this process, how attendees will get paid the upcoming events that are listed in the proposal. Any other general thoughts on that stuff?
00:45:00
Adam Wozney:  Okay. Cool.
Adam Wozney:  Well, that's kind of everything I wanted to cover today. My marching orders are, I'm gonna take all of this information that we've kind of created notes on. I'm gonna put it in kind of a formalized document. I'll probably just use the same document that I shared in this channel. You guys can go in there and leave comments and feedback and review. But I'm gonna spend the next, you know, a few days here. Kind of updating it, tweaking it, once it's in a good spot for how the, how this all works, like, how this is, actually how the sausages made. I'll share it in the Working Groups, Events Channel for final, kind of review. And then my goal is to actually make this public where people, well, it's already public, but make this like a known process either on our website or some location. So people know this is how this works. Scott, go ahead.
Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Are you able to touch on consensus at all? Because I know that I think that was part of this proposal. Correct. And that's a that's next week.
Adam Wozney: Yeah, it is. I was actually,…
Scott Hewitson: I know we're kind of short views on that,…
Adam Wozney: I know. And that was my,…
Scott Hewitson: just because I went past
Adam Wozney: that was my one of the things I wanted to kind of try to get this in some of working order to potentially offered up to a community member, for the first go of this because we do have budget. It's such a short time frame, I'm not sure. We're gonna be able to get this accomplished in the time that we're allotted. We do have Overclock team members going already, they're going on overclock's time, so it's not part of the community fund. um, I'm helping support an event there and I'm also helping I'm actually gonna be speaking at an atmos event, so I will be going
Adam Wozney:  I'm planning on putting my name up for community proposal funding for that that as a kind of a trial for how this process will work. I want to try to get that up by the end of the week. So that way, if there are other community members that are maybe in Austin, or make sense for the fun, the proposal to actually support them attending and being kind of in a cost representative. We have a little bit of time to do it. It's such a short time frame between today, which is Wednesday, and consensus, which starts essentially next week, Tuesday, it's like six days away. There is potential. Still like we could maybe make it work but I don't want to make this process kind of
Adam Wozney:  My fear is making this process to short of a process to get people to actually go and attend this stuff. So I think a good trial for this is essentially, I'm already going, I'm already attending. Oh no, take her on social, that's interesting. We'll do that. My pro. My thought is I want to kind of put up essentially my own name as like the first kind of trial for going because I'm gonna be managing an event there. I'm speaking in an event there. It just makes sense for the community fun to pay for this for my attendance.
Adam Wozney:  Um, and then we can kind of review it maybe on Monday of next week we'll all set up another working group call. What's like, Hey, let's try out this process, I'm gonna be doing this. How does everyone feel about it? I don't see anyone on this call being like, No, Adam. I hate this idea because I'm doing quite a bit for for getting involved in the consensus, but I do want to, Yeah, Scott, exactly. I do want to trial out this process. So that way for the next event, which is approved, which is in June, gateway to Cosmos. Um, we can actually put it out and say, Okay, who from the community wants to contribute and get involved in this, and then we kind of start rolling it up. But again, it's, I think this is still gonna be a little messy for the first few trials, but that's okay. That's just what it's gonna be for now. Um, so I don't know if that helps answer your questions, Scott.
Scott Hewitson: You know, that was excellent. Thank you. Yes. Like you've done it before her
Adam Wozney:  I'm very good at this.
Adam Wozney:  Yeah, right. Okay, cool. So we have about five minutes left. Any other final thoughts considerations? I have my marching orders. I'm hoping to get some of the stuff ready for review and final rounds of feedback by the end of this week. In terms of consensus, I want to include like a call to arms. I know it's gonna be like a three day time frame. I'm not expecting, you know, the potentially work for consensus but maybe it will. I'm gonna be the first kind of guinea pig for this process just because I think it makes sense, but I'm That's kind of the marching orders for now. Any thoughts questions, concerns?
Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. Cool. Oh,…
Rodrigo Rochin: Are.
Adam Wozney: go ahead Rob, Rodrigo. Oh, nothing I said.
Adam Wozney: No, no.
Robert Del Rey: It was mistake.
Adam Wozney: Worries, cool. Um, well, Thank you guys for joining. If you have any thoughts, questions, concerns head over to the discord Channel Events, Working group to leave your feedback and thoughts in there. I'm gonna be on there a lot more, You know, that we actually have funding for these things to kind of get questions. Thoughts concerns from the community to move things along As I mentioned. I expect you know issues but that's totally fine. Is the first time I think any crypto project has done something like this. So I'm kind of excited to see it all kind of come together, but um, I want to thank you guys for joining this. And yeah, as I always wrap things up, we'll see in the Metaverse. Thanks for joining guys.
00:50:00
Scott Hewitson: See you guys.
Meeting ended after 00:50:50 👋







