# Akash Network - 2023 Events - WG
## Meeting Details
- Date: Friday, February 17, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording(coming soon)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Agenda

- Review proposal [document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfPnz3dS61_pomux93RhsyvHshaGHywHl07Cyi_M88s/edit#gid=0) outlining potential events for Akash to attend.
- Discuss which events are most valuable for Akash to attend.

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Damir Simpovic 
- Discover De-Fi 
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Kwangwei Sim 
- Luca Fortes
- Robert
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Meeting Notes

- Adam highlighted that the purpose of the meeting is to discuss events to attend and ways to encourage community attendance.
- Adam mentions that the goal is to set up a meeting with the steering committee to propose a budget and get approval for attending these events
- Once approved, execution will involve setting up a presence and deciding who from the community can attend.
- Adam shares his screen to present a [ list of conference ](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hfPnz3dS61_pomux93RhsyvHshaGHywHl07Cyi_M88s/edit#gid=0) and events  Akash should attend for the rest of the year
- Events highlighted in blue are highly recommended for Akash to attend
- Adam hinted that he will focus on the events highlighted in blue to keep the meeting on time, but other events listed in white may be discussed if time permits.
- Adam offers to share the proposal Doc with everyone on the call and mentioned that members can suggest additional events for consideration and the working group can judge them on a case-by-case basis
- Adam Wozney proposes focusing on Crypto and Cosmos events for the year
- Zach Horn emphasizes the importance of focusing on crypto events, as the UX can be challenging to explain outside of the crypto space
- Adam believes it is important for Akash to have a presence at these event due to the number of important players in the cosmos ecosystem attending.
- Adam Wozney suggested voting on which events to attend using a thumbs up or down reaction.


### Upcoming Events, July
- Adam proposes that a four-person team from Akash can participate in all these events over a two-week period.
- Adam suggested putting together a proposal for attending all these events and getting people on-site to activate at these conferences. Participants express agreement by giving thumbs up.
- AwesomWasm, EthCC, EthParis Hackathon, Nebular Hackathon and Nebular Summit are the events happening in July 

### Upcoming Events, September
- Adam Wozney also mentions two events happening in September, which are large-scale conferences related to the crypto space. 
- One of these events is Permissionless in Austin, Texas, organized by Bankless. Adam and Alani had attended the Permissionless event in West Palm Beach last year.
- Another one is Messari Mainnet: Adam describe it as the Bloomberg of Crypto, a well-respected event in the crypto space.
- Adam highlighted that members of Overclock Labs team will attend Messari Mainnet even if not included in the community proposal

### Upcoming Events, November
- Adam discussed three events that are yet to be determined in terms of timing but will happend in November:

Cosmoverse: main community conference in Cosmos, happening in Istanbul in the fall
DevConnect: large-scale Ethereum developer HACKATHON conference happening in Amsterdam
Devcon: the largest Ethereum developer conference in the world
Adam mentioned that attending these conferences can be valuable for Akash to have a presence and network with other projects in the space.

### Non-Crypto Events
- Adam discusses events that Akash could attend and proposes attending events that are focused on crypto and cosmos, although events like Kubecon and Google Developer Conference could be valuable for cost representation, but they are not so focused on crypto and there is not much of a cosmos presence.
- Joao expresses his opinion that Kubecon is important and that it would be good for Akash to be present at events that have a focus on cloud and big players in the industry. 
- Joao also thinks that attending the American Kubecon event would be good for Akash to broaden its presence beyond just crypto events.
-  Adam Wozney asks participants for their thoughts, prompting them to give a thumbs up if they agree or a thumbs down if they disagree to add Kubecon to the proposal.
- Most participants give a thumbs up, indicating agreement.

 ### Cost Estimating
 Adam Wozney explains his idea of estimating the cost per event to attend particular events and then multiplying it by the number of events agreed upon by the community to get a total cost. He suggests presenting this cost to the steering committee for approval. He also mentions the importance of having specific roles for each event and that it might not be necessary to have more than four people.
 
 ### Final Thoughts
The Group discussed the upcoming steering committee call and propose presenting the events budget during the call. They mention the need to allocate funds and resources for the events and discuss the next steps after the steering committee approves the proposal. They also mention the importance of diversifying the events and plan to add an agenda item to talk about proposed Akash events for the next steering committee call. They suggest putting feedback and notes in the Discord events channel before the call and encourage everyone to attend the call to give their feedback on the proposal.

### Events the Group agrees to be included in the proposal
The total number of events discussed of which the group agrees to attend is 14.
 - Consensus
 - HackAtom - Seoul
 - Devconnect
 - Devcon
 - Cosmoverse
 - Kubecon EU
 - Consensus
 - Permissionless
 - Messari Mainnet
 - AwesomWasm
 - Eth CC
 - Eth Paris Hackathon
 - Nebular Summit


## Actions Items
- Adam to present the Event proposal and budget to the steering committee 
- Tyler to add agenda item for proposed Akash events in the next steering committee call.
- Adam to make a Discord post in the WG-events channel with the proposal document and spreadsheet.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, so thank you guys, for joining today's events. 2023 working group call, I was hoping to be some more people in this because one of the big focuses is actually figuring out ways to get community members to attend these events. And besides just being in like local geographies actually getting community funds from the community pool, to actually sponsor travel there. So I was oh I thought there'd be more people. I'd be like, Oh, I want to go to these events but it's a Friday. So that's the way it is. Um, but today, basically what I wanted to do today was go through the events that I put into this proposal spreadsheet that I shared in the Working Group Discord Channel and I'll put it in here. You guys can jump in as well if you like

Adam Wozney:  And kind of go through my proposed events that I think we could, or should attend, or at least have a presence at. I have an akash presence at The events in the sheet are part of many, many, many, many more events but these are mostly related to the cosmos ecosystem. The reason why I kind of chose mostly cosmos ecosystem events was because we're part of the cosmos ecosystem and I think it's important that we actually have a presence at these events and many. Many of them already have a lot of different cosmos. Ecosystem players that are sponsoring attending speaking.

Adam Wozney:  And we need to kind of get involved in those activities. So we kind of always remain top of mind, at least within Cosmos. This all goes really back to like a core marketing narrative. That I've said many times Zach is probably set a few times that Akash should be the backbone of the Cosmos ecosystem through validator nodes, deployments providers all that good stuff. so this proposal doc that I have here, that basically the way I'm kind of thinking about running this call today is Going through each of these events quickly kind of describing them as quick as I can. And then highlighting the ones that I think are the most valuable and would make the most sense either, because we've attended them in the past or because they have such a large presence of developers which is really core to scaling akash that I believe it's important for us to attend these events.

Adam Wozney:  At the end of this call, I want to basically set up a meeting with the steering committee. On a proposed budget, which events that we in the community have kind of agreed upon that make the most sense for a cost to attend, and then hopefully get buy-in and approval. And then once that's approved, it's basically just execution going to these events setting up, our presents figuring out, who can come who can't deciding from the community, who can be there. Maybe voting on who can go, We can kind of discuss those things, but that's kind of the impetus and the the focus of today's call are there. Is there anything you guys have questions about before I jump into the spreadsheet that I have?

Robert: Yeah. Adam could you share the document again because I switched devices and…

Adam Wozney:  Sure, no problem.

Robert: I don't have the link now.

Adam Wozney:  All right, there you go. I'll share my screen as well. That will make things run a little smoother.

Adam Wozney:  Okay. Cool. So this is a really a small sample size of all the different kind of conferences. Hackathons large-scale events that are taking place throughout the rest this year. This is kind of focused in again on cosmos ecosystem or large crypto developer attendees.

Adam Wozney: Some of these may not have a crypto influence so much and you can see in the very first one, which I'll get into as an example of that. But a vast majority of these are cosmos or crypto developer events. The ones that are highlighted in blue that you can see. Here are ones that I highly. Highly recommend us attend. And the other ones are ones that I think could be valuable, but may not be priority for a cost to have a presence at Um, this was all kind of decided on essentially proposed by me. So if there are events or things that you think are of value like if you know of a polka dot developer HACKATHON, that's taking place that has a bunch of external events happening around it. We can add that in here and we can kind of propose it as well.

Adam Wozney:  But the list that I have here, I think are kind of the high priority ones that we need to kind of as a community, decide on us, having a present set. So we can get funding to actually go and attend these things and start working on what our presence would look like. One other quick note, before I jump in event, attendance is not a perfect science. A lot of times it's hard to measure return on investment. A lot of times it's hard to measure what actually came out of those events but I think overall having Akash representation at conferences where they're talking about crypto and they're talking about infrastructure and they're talking about building projects that live in the crypto. Ecosystem is important overall and there's kind of intangible value in just attending these things.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney:  Um, best example I can give you for what we're doing right now. In terms of a cost presence is East Denver, which I don't include on this list, 8, Denver was kind of decided in the old model before we kind of open source, everything and opened up community involvement in event attendance, but that we had to kind of a general idea of what we're going to do. But once we actually are approved and we have funding to go to these events. There's always additional sponsorships speaker opportunities, meetups to attend networking events, HACKATHON participation that always kind of come up as a part of these individual events. So take all of these as kind of a bit of a grain of salt because this is just kind of one element of what can be many talking points and touch points at these events that were actually potentially participating in

Adam Wozney: I'm going to just to kind of keep the trains running in time. I'm only gonna focus on the ones that I have highlighted in blue. These are the ones that I highly recommend at Koch has a presence at and then if we have time, we can kind of go through some of these ones that I've listed in white, the ones, listen to white are Either non-cosmos focused non super hyper developer focused, but they do have a large crypto presence and there's a lot of activities that happen around them but I didn't find them quite potentially as useful as some of these other events that I believe we should potentially be attending. Um so before I kind of jump into this any questions and how I've thought my thought process, how this proposals come to come together, all of that stuff.

Adam Wozney:  Okay, cool. Oh somebody. Oh, get somebody else in here. All right. So I think a good jump off point to kind of maybe even before I get into these individual events and I'm proposing a good jump point is just to kind of think through like what event proposal looks like. And what type of opportunities I'm proposing to do at these particular events As I mentioned events are not a perfect science but there's a lot of value. Add from attending these large-scale conferences and introducing akash to a handful or hundreds or potentially thousands of individuals. So I put together a lightweight proposal Doc. And so this is

Adam Wozney:  Essentially what I used when I, or what I have used when I pitched Akash attendance at events, it includes what the event is, what we think we can get out of it, who we think we should go. Information on the events, like whether or not it's been around for a year or, you know, it's well known in the space. And it's just kind of used as a way. And finally budget, what we think, it'll cost to actually attend this event. So we have a bucket of funds to pull from to, you know, first for sponsorship opportunities for travel. For all the things that go into these these larger conferences.

Adam Wozney:  Um, this is something that I can give access to everyone on this call. I cannot throw it in the discord channel. So if there are events that are not part of this kind of proposal doc that I put together that you think are valuable, it's definitely something that you can take. Make a copy of this, put together some information through into the Events working group and then we can kind of judge those particular events on a case-by-case basis and send them to the steering community to decide on whether or not external to this larger proposal for events is something that we feel is worth taking community funds for and attending.

Adam Wozney:  Um this proposal Doc's pretty straightforward, it's gonna have name discord handle proposal date event date location. This is a scorecard. I would say that a majority of these questions. I've been doing events for 10 plus years now so I kind of know the things that you want to consider when deciding on if you should attend an event. These are essentially yes/no questions. Some of them you put a little more information, but if a majority of these answers say no, it's a good filter of betting process to figure out, you know. Maybe we shouldn't be proposing this event or might might make sense right now. If a more joy to these questions are. Yes, then I think it would make sense to kind of move forward. On some examples. Are audience type. Do we know the audience type? Is it going to be developers investors? See suite. Is it a mix of people? Is it policy makers? That's actually another one. I can add in here. Policymakers because that can also be of interest.

00:10:00

Adam Wozney:  Etc. Is the audience mostly developer if it is. That's a good thing. I would say If it's over 50% developer, then. Yeah, I think that's something that might be interesting. Attending how many people are gonna be. There has a cost tenant in the past. Is there a sponsorship deck Are there cost competitors there? If there is it's always good to potentially be there to kind of way out the, the negative information, some competitors might be saying about us or even if they're not saying negative, it's just good to kind of like line up next to them.

Adam Wozney:  Once that's filled out then the there I have a lightweight kind of representation who we think should be going. I'm thinking this is what we use for this spreadsheet as well. Like if we all decide that these ones highlighted in blue or maybe ones that we don't have highlighted in blue are valuable and we should attend then I think and once we get funding for what we're going to propose then it's starting to figure out. Okay who's gonna be managing our presence? We probably want some speakers there someone technical to talk about Akash. We'll probably want someone from our business development, team from Overclock Labs or external in the community. That is really understands how partnerships work at the cost to attend. And then finally a community member or for kind of support. So basically someone who can represent akash potentially, give talk attend events get involved in kind of external activities or what's going on at those in particular events.

Adam Wozney:  All this costs money. So I put in kind of a very lightweight. Kind of high-level estimate of what each individual event could cost. Waning it around one week's worth of time at being these events. Usually they run anywhere These events can run anywhere from three or four days to up to two weeks, depending on how many different things are happening over that time period. So this is kind of an estimate on what each individual event would cost. Sending four individuals to go hotel, travel, marketing, food, airfare all that stuff. And then there's a spot for individual notes.

Adam Wozney:  This, this is kind of a estimated number again, events are not a perfect science. There could be additional cost that goes involved. That's involved, but I think having this kind of high level number for individual events that will be attending is good, because then we can have a bucket of funds that will just add this to. And if we know we're gonna attend, you know, ten events multiply this number by 10, that's how much we'll need. And then, as we're attending events, if that gets down down and we have extra layer extra that we haven't used. That's great. We can use it towards our final event. If we're starting to get to a point where it's getting be too much, then we can go back to the steering community to ask for additional funds or kind of given that a reasoning behind, why? It costed more

Adam Wozney: Cool. So that's how the proposals are going to work. Before we even get into these individual proposals, for individual events. We need to decide which events we want to attend, because all the depending on the number of events, we choose that will go into our overall cost in terms of what we can be allocated in terms of event presence. So, the way I wanted to go through, this is just kind of highlight the events that I think are of significance, that I believe we should be attending. And before I jump into each of these events individually, any questions and my thought process on the event, template the proposal, how this will all kind of work in terms of individualized, events and budget.

Robert: I don't have a question on the proposal, Adam and First of all, it seems that I'm having issues with it with the Internet. So in case I'm cut off, you already know. But as far as this proposal goes, let's say, I want to do to go to consensus. I'll go ahead and fill out all this information and set it over and how these proposal goes unchained do. Also made it myself the community members submitted himself.

Adam Wozney: So, I think how we'll do this.

Robert: Or if somebody from from a cash, those

Adam Wozney: Sure. So I think how we're gonna how we're gonna do this. Is today's call isn't so much about how will propose individual events. Today's call is really about which events we think we should attend because we need a number. and let's say, by the end of this call, we have five events on this list that we're like, Yes, I think we should have a cost presence at From there, we'll go to the steering committee. We'll say we'll need x amount of dollars for these five events. They'll say Yes they'll say no if they say maybe then we can go back to the drawing board and figure out how we can kind of make it. So it's understood by the steering committee.

Adam Wozney:  If all systems go and they say five ins are good, the budget is good. You have the okay to kind of move forward on those five events. Then we'll come back to this document. We'll set up another working group call. We'll invite people in and we'll I will probably be the one unless somebody else wants to kind of help lead these things. They'll fill out this document and they'll say Here's what each of these events kind of we'll take place. Here's what we hear. What we propose we do, in terms of who will go to these individual events. We'll put an event manager who the speakers would be partnerships and then potential community member

00:15:00

Adam Wozney:  Um, so in terms of putting this together, don't worry about this, quite yet. My goal for today's call is to basically get everyone that's on this. Call agreed upon the events that will be attending and then we can kind of deal with our individual event proposals, and what we're doing that these events, what it'll look like, who will be going and all of that stuff. As soon as we know which events we believe we should be attending. Does that make sense?

Robert: Absolutely. Well,…

Adam Wozney: Okay. Cool.

Robert: let's choose the events then.

Adam Wozney: So first on the docket is consensus. It's happening in Austin, in April consensus. For Guy for folks that are not aware, is basically the OG probably largest crypto conference in the world happens. Every year. There used to be in New York. Last year was the first year they did it in Austin. We did attend it last year from a cautious side. We hosted two meetup events. We co-sponsored osmosis table. I believe. I'm trying to think back on that. We might not have done that actually but I know we had a booth that were supporting there. We attended numerous events, there was a lot of great activities that took place during during consensus.

Adam Wozney:  Um, consensus is basically like a catch-all for everything that's happening inside of crypto, from policy makers, to developer workshops to chains. And what they're, you know, features that are coming out with many, many projects, attend. This, This is kind of one of those events that if you don't attend it, it's like, Are you even in crypto? I've attended at numerous times, it's always been a fantastic event. You always introduce yourself to people that you may not know. There's thousands of people that attend lots of media attention. This is just one of the events that I highly suggest. There is a small presence from Akash at Um, again it's tough to say what would do there but I do think it's worth our time spending time figuring out what we can do at this event how we participate and how we can involved.

Adam Wozney:  So this for as for consensus, do you guys have any questions on why I think this makes sense? Anything like that if not I'm gonna assume that we're all good with it.

Robert: but if I may say, I have to questions,

Adam Wozney:  Sure.

Robert: Are you highlighted in blue? The one that are like the most interest for a cash, right?

Adam Wozney:  Yes. Yes.

Adam Wozney: So it's not hyper focused on crypto. It's also not hyper focused on Cosmos and taking in all the events that are happening this year,…

Robert: Okay.

Adam Wozney: I'm trying to I the way I'm proposing it is thinking through which Crypto and Cosmos Activities will be happening at these events. If we went to Google Developer Conference, for example, we'd be a very small fish in a very large pond and we wouldn't get very much recognition or notoriety, whereas a consensus people might be interested in hearing more about decentralized, cloud at Google Developer Conference, they're not going to care. We can talk about it but they're probably want to hear it. So, while I think it's important, I don't think it's one of the top priority events that I think we should attend this year, but I'm again, this is up for debate, open for discussion.

Robert: No, I agree with your reasoning. I was just curious because you know, it says, Cloud Tech. And we're Cloud, you know? But yeah that makes perfect sense. Adam

Adam Wozney: I should call it Web to Cloud. Tech Zach.

Robert:  Okay, that's better.

Adam Wozney: Go ahead.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I don't want to slow down. We should definitely keep keep rolling through these events but just for some context, Robert like in some marketing campaigns we did. Last year, when we get outside of the crypto space, the getting people to understand the UX gets really challenging like who what it costs is how we work and all that. So I definitely want a second that we should focus on crypto events. What? Three events, cosmos events first and then if we have extra bandwidth, we should go outside of that but like we should definitely concentrate on the people that already kind of understand, what we are not get to too diluted there.

00:20:00

Robert: Awesome awesome. Well I guess that's that should be the first filter then maybe from the top to bottom, let's go from Creed to events. And then the end of the document can say that non-cryptu events but yeah that that makes perfect sense are both of you. So yeah.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I think I think that's mostly what the blue events are but yeah I don't want to interrupt the flow here.

Adam Wozney: Yep. Yep. Exactly.

Robert: Got it, got it. Yeah. Well,…

Adam Wozney: So because we have a hand No,…

Robert: let's go back to consensus then.

Adam Wozney: no worries. Um, so I think maybe a good way to kind of vote. Hey Damir, I think, a good way to maybe vote on. These is just send a reaction. If you think consensus makes sense, that's when we should probably be at, just send a thumbs up. If you don't send a thumbs down.

Adam Wozney:  We got thumbs up. Robert says no. Anyone else? We got one up, one up.

Adam Wozney:  Looks like mostly thumbs up from everyone. Cool. Alright so we'll go ahead

Robert: Wait, wait, wait. You see consensus or was this for the Google Developer conference?

Adam Wozney: Consensus consensus.

Robert: Oh wait,…

Robert: wait. Okay. Okay.

Adam Wozney: Cool. Cool.

Adam Wozney: All right so we're gonna include this in our proposal. Next up is in June Cosmos Gateway. So I've never attended Cosmos Gateway.

Adam Wozney:  I know that it was very well attended last year, there was a lot of cosmos projects that were in attendance. You can see Zachy they're sunny. I believe it's Dean from Agoric and there's I came over his name, John or something from Stargaze one Jake Jake, right? Sorry. Jake Ethan Frey so this is a very cosmos specific event. There's lots of important players in the cosmos ecosystem that are attending seeing names, like Axler Osmosis of most Agoric, is a positive. And I believe that aligning Akash with this event, makes a lot of sense, whether response or try to get a speaker there. It's taking place. I believe what I say. It's taking place is play. You can place in Prague. one quick note on this event in particular,

Adam Wozney:  It's happening during Eid Prog and Defy Summit. I believe that there will be and you can see it's happening basically around the same times time frames. I believe that there will be a lot of external events besides Cosmos Gateway that we can participate in from Meetup Events. Networking workshops hackathons for that reason, alone. I think it Cosmos, Gateway is a very important event for a cost to have a presence at just because there's gonna be so much attention in Prague within Cosmos and within Crypto over that time period. So while this pitch is really, for Cosmos Gateway. I believe that we're gonna we have the potential to attend these other other events that are taking place.

Adam Wozney: That's my high level pitch for Gateway. So any questions on Cosmos Gateway? If you guys think this one makes sense. Give it a thumbs up. If you think we should move on, give it a thumbs down. Looks like a lot of thumbs up. Cool, has anyone attended or does anyone know much about Cosmos Gateway? Just a curious question for me.

Robert: I remember the post from last year about Gateway,

Adam Wozney:  Right.

Adam Wozney:  Yeah. Yeah exactly. And it's one of those events that I didn't even know about until it was too late. I would have thought said, We should be there but um but this year I want to kind of get ahead of ourselves and get ready to kind of attend these particular events that make sense for a costume. So cool. So we're gonna we're gonna keep this in the proposal.

Adam Wozney:  Um, next up is in June as well. It's right. It's kind of during all the activity in Prague, I highlighted it blue because I thought it would be important for us to attend just because it is a HACKATHON all focused on Cosmos. Well, really on Adam I guess this is an old date so don't pay attention to that. I think it's giving the same location. But basically this is a HACKATHON that is taking place specifically within the cosmos ecosystem. I know that it was pretty well attended last year, we didn't have a presence at it, but I do think that this could be a value for us to attend. However, the biggest hang-up that I see on including this in our proposal is that it's during the same time frame as what's going on in Prague. So if we were to attend this event and I do think it's worth us, including in the proposal, we would essentially have to have almost two different teams going to each of these events.

Adam Wozney:  Um, with Cosmos Gateway and all the events that in Prague, this would probably go in along the same type of proposal that I put together here, as an example, for event manager, a speaker, BD representative, and a community member. But for Hack, Adam, I see. This is really particular to a developer audience and if we went to this, I would propose that we actually participate in the HACKATHON to actually build something at the HACKATHON. So the way, two things, I think that we do here is a speaking opportunity. If we can get one and a HACKATHON team, Um, I'm bullish on hack Adam, but because it is happening over Prague it all depends on bandwidth in terms of who from the community could attend. And who, from, potentially overclock at attend So what are you guys? Thoughts on Hack? Adam Should we give a thumbs up? Thumbs down? Include in the proposal.

00:25:00

Adam Wozney:  Okay. Cool. We're gonna include it. Excellent. And again, as just as a reminder, these are ones that we're just including so we can include in like the master budget that we will present to the steering committee for final approval. Even if we get approved for this, but it doesn't turn out that we can actually go for this that or the other reason. That's okay. At least we have the budget to do it in case we can do it. Awesome. Next up is in July, there's a lot happening in July and it's all happening in Paris.

Adam Wozney:  I'll start off. Well actually there's one that's happening in Berlin. There's an event called Awesome. This is a very Cosmos specific event Focus around cosmosom. It's going to be a conference and a HACKATHON put on by confio it's five days long. People from the community at Akash can participate similar to how I'm thinking about a hack soul. I think this would be something that we'd actually participate in and actually build for and potentially speak at. If we can It's happening in Berlin. So the way I'm kind of seeing this is if we sent anyone, This would be kind of sent as a four-person team to go to all of these things. Essentially, over a two-week, period.

Adam Wozney:  Just because we'll be in Europe. There's multiple activities that are happening in Europe, over that time, period. So it's going to Paris and Berlin are really going to be a hub for the crypto universe at this time period. So there's awesome wasm in Berlin, the 12th or the 16th Then that would lead to Paris HCC which is essentially the the largest ethereum developer kind of community HACKATHON and conference. That's taking place in Europe, it's essentially East Denver for Europe.

Adam Wozney:  Um there is a youth Paris, which is a HACKATHON put on by the Youth, Global Team separate from etc but also a HACKATHON and there'll be activities happening there. And then I just found out about a nebular HACKATHON, which is very much focused on Cosmos. I wasn't able to attend nebular. Another one of those events that I didn't hear until is too late. But if you look through the event dock, you can see all the major players in the cosmos, ecosystem are gonna be in attendance, and I think it'll be doing ourselves as a service if Akash wasn't, at least there in some shape or form. Yeah, you can see just tons of cosmos ecosystem partners folks that are going to be in tenants for for Nebula.

Adam Wozney:  This I would probably put together proposal as a whole. So it wouldn't be like, I'd be proposing. Just one of these, I would probably use this doc to say. I want these four people to attend all of these events that are taking place over in Europe or this time period. So instead of maybe just giving a thumbs up or thumbs down for these individual events. I want to kind of pitch this as a full two week long kind of events series where we'd have people on site activating at these larger scale conferences. And a lot of side events that will be taking place over this time period.

Adam Wozney:  So for July any thoughts or feelings or ideas on how best to approach this? There's just what I say kind of makes sense if it does, just give it a thumbs up. If you think this is something we should maybe individually look at and maybe only do one or two of these, give it a thumbs down and we can kind of discuss.

Adam Wozney:  Thumbs up, thumbs down. Got some thumbs ups. Excellent. Cool. All right, we're moving right along. Next up, is in September, there are two events happening in September. These are not Cosmo specific but they're very similar to consensus where they're large-scale conferences. All about the crypto space. We did have a presence at Permissionless last year myself and I believe Alani went to Permissionless in West Palm Beach this year. It is in Austin, Texas. this is put on by the Bank List guys so if you know Blanket list It's probably the what the one of the most well known media outlets and all of Crypto.

00:30:00

Adam Wozney:  There are going to be multiple chains in attendance, you can see there's Aetherium. We got zachy from Cosmos, We've got ave the there's a handful of folks that are going to be in a tenants for this. It's kind of like a thought leader event. And if we're really trying to make a name for ourself in the decentralized cloud space, and now moving into AI, I believe that permissionless is one of those events that we would try to get a speaker at. We would try to attend in terms of external meetup events. This I look at as a very valuable conference,

Adam Wozney: Any thoughts on permission list? Do we want to do a thumbs up? Thumbs down, included in the proposal.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. We're getting lots of thumbs ups. Excellent. Moving right on to our almost last event is Masari Mainnet.

Adam Wozney:  Misari is essentially the Bloomberg of Crypto. They put out many many, they're well respected in the crypto space, they put out many data sets and statistics on what's happening in crypto. They're very well thought of. We have attended this the past two years, two years ago, we actually gave a presentation at Mainnet. It's kind of expensive in terms of sponsorship, but it is something that we think can be valuable for Akash the year last year we attended. And I believe, we actually did an external meetup and we spoke at the event because we have tended this in the past, I believe we can get a discount on our sponsorship if we did wanted to move forward on on Main net. I believe that members of Overclock Labs team will be attending this even if this is an included in the community proposal just because it is that important of an event because all the major investment firms, all the major chains are going to be in attendance. It's one of those events that you just kind of need to be at

Adam Wozney:  See what's going on for a pulse of happening in the crypto space. So how do we feel about mainnet? Thumbs up thumbs down?

Adam Wozney:  Excellent. Thumbs up, cool.

Adam Wozney:  And then lastly, there's three events that are yet to be determined in terms of timing. So I'm not going to I can't really even highlight what they are right now. But I can kind of describe them first up as Cosmo verse. I would say last year. This was probably the most successful and most important event that we attended on the Akash side. It's kind of the the main community conference in Cosmos put on by Cryptosito and his crew. Um, this year, it's happening in Istanbul. We don't know when we don't know. Exactly all the details, but they have announced that we'll be happening most likely in the fall. I'm assuming I know the answer. But how are we feeling about potentially attending Cosmo verse next year or this year?

Adam Wozney:  Thumbs up, excellent. Cool. And then the final two are large-scale Ethereum developer HACKATHON slash conferences. Deaf Connect is happening in Amsterdam. Devconnect is kind of another version of ECC in Paris. It's a HACKATHON slash conference focused on ethereum but because there's so much attention in the crypto space around, what's happening in debt connect and a lot of media attention.

Adam Wozney:  Um, I think this could be a value for us to attend more than likely. Actually, I know, for a fact, there will be external activities happening during depth connect that we don't even know yet. There could be Cosmos, Meetups there could be cosmos events. We just don't know yet. That's why I'm kind of saying a lot of this event decision is in scientific. It's basically we think that this conference is important enough and then once we have kind of approval, we can start to look into other act ways to activate Akash throughout the time that these events are taking place.

Adam Wozney:  Next up is Devcon Devcon is the largest ethereum developer conference in the world. Last year. We had a very small presence by small presence. I meant just myself that went to Debcon in Colombia. I thought it was very valuable, you got to see what was happening, inside the ethereum developer space, and the ethereum space on a very high level. You get to meet with many projects. There's many different side events that are taking place. Ways to get involved, are Enumerous Tbdm where that will be located and the exact time. But I believe Deaf Connect and Devcon are both valuable enough to have an Akash presence at that. We would want to pursue. So I'm gonna do a multiple thumbs up here. How do we feel thumbs up or thumbs down for Devcon or debt connect or any questions on those two events?

00:35:00

Adam Wozney: Cool seeing thumbs up.

Adam Wozney:  Excellent cool. Cool. So the total number of events that I have here are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 11. Total events is that right? Make sure you get one, two. Four, five, six, seven. 8 9 10, 11 12, 12 total events. Cool. So I put in got a question.

Joao Luna: Adam. Yes, sorry, I arrived kind of late. Did you, did anyone, did you discuss kubecon in Europe, or

Adam Wozney:  So yeah. So basically how I have this listed out here is the ones that I have highlighted in blue. Are the ones that I'm proposing. We attend the ones that I have highlighted in yellow and what they're just white are ones that I think are valuable but might not. Of a importance on Akash having representation there. I do think that like Google Developer Conference for example, Kubecon, for example, could be beneficial and valuable for a cost representation, but because it's not so much focused on crypto. And there isn't much in terms of cosmos presence. I'm trying to limit the amount of events I'm kind of putting it all through the filter of, is it crypto, and is it cosmos? And if it is those are the types of events that we want to attend and ask for budget for. However, if you, for example, think kubecon is important enough. We can include it in our proposal Doc

Adam Wozney:  And just I'll go ahead.

Joao Luna: And I just want to understand what's this puzzle, dog, because I have everything. Handled already. I don't know. I don't see why, why the proposal would be even official, but I'm not 100% aware of what these purple consists of

Adam Wozney:  Sure. So basically the idea behind this is we want to figure out how, what is the number of Events that we would have to pay for whether it's through tickets, sponsorships, travel food, for individuals from the community, not just overclock, but potential community members to attend these particular events. And I've kind of framed it in this way. So, because this travel involved, and because there will be opportunities to speak and participate in a HACKATHON and all that stuff. I'm kind of limiting it to four members from whoops, for members of the community, attending there be an event manager. Basically someone organizing and operating the logistics of who's going, What are they doing there? Just basically the person is kind of leading the event. The next is someone, who would be a speaker given a technical or non-technical talk at these events?

Adam Wozney:  Someone from our BD or partnerships team. Or if there's someone in the community that has like a good partnerships aspect of how they can other project compartment of the cost attending, and then I'm including community member or someone from support. And this would be basically be someone who could do a handful of things, almost a jack of all trades. They could attend events. They could potentially speak at events. They could participate in a HACKATHON. They can plug into other external events to get us involved in someone that would be from the community. And all these members can really be from the community to attend these particular events.

Adam Wozney:  Um, I broke it down into basically, one week's worth of travel events are not a perfect science. So some of these events might only be four days but some of them could last, as long as two weeks like during in Paris, where there's essentially two weeks worth of events taking place, but I'm putting in as a rough estimate as about one week of time and dedication to being involved in these particular events. And I did rough math around how much it would cost in total, for four people, to go to one hypothetical event. That's kind of how I'm thinking through this. So I know you're already attending Kubecon, but with something like this, we can put in proposals for multiple people to attend and actually build up proper Akash presence there. Does that make sense?

Joao Luna: Yeah, it makes total sense. I don't think you can't is important. Not sure about Google One.

Joao Luna: but, Sorry.

Adam Wozney: Don't think you do.

Adam Wozney:  You said you don't or you do think it's important.

Joao Luna: You don't think I don't think Google. The Google One is that important but kubecon as being a cloud native and where basically all the big players on cloud will be there, it would be good to have like a cash there.

Adam Wozney:  Mmm.

Joao Luna: One thing that I'm planning to do is run a bunch of user tests in cube calls. So basically they have people that are not familiar with crypto, try a cash deploy. Hopefully by the time there we should have like maybe a simpler UI already, but as you can see, like big players there regarding the cloud. The top, three cloud providers are there, we'll talk like the latest cloud.

00:40:00

Joao Luna:  Technologies and Concepts. I think it's important but I understand that the Europe One would not be not be the best for you to go. But maybe the the American one would be would be good so that we can start living the, I mean, not living but like start broaden. The the barriers on where we act because you one of our biggest users we want to be normal developers and they won't be at Crypto events, mostly people that develop in cloud will be like in kubecon events and sre cons. And That kind of conferences as well as crypto ones. Just, that's my takeaway.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, and I actually completely hear what you're saying. And I know like even how we're kind of framing Akash now is kind of a community driven project and Coupe, Kubernetes has kind of done a similar model.

Joao Luna: Yes. Yes,…

Adam Wozney: I Make.

Joao Luna: we are. Mimicking the model from Kubernetes so there's a lot we can learn from them. That will be people from all over the place, even Cloud Native Foundation. Does. The top cloud players are there.

Adam Wozney:  Right.

Joao Luna: I think we should have a presence. We will have a presence in Keepcon Europe. I'll be representing a cash. So, to the extent that one person can, but I think at least for the American one, you should get someone there. And I think it's cheaper for you.

Adam Wozney: so,

Joao Luna: So you don't have to go to Europe but I think it's, I think it's a good strategy. If we start having a presence in these outside of the crypto ones, I think the Kubecon is the best one for us because we are clouds product and you

Adam Wozney:  Sure. How? How does how do people, How do people in this call feel about including kubecon EU? And also say kubecon, North America in our proposal with, for the steering committee.

Adam Wozney:  And thumbs up. If you like it, thumbs down. If you think it doesn't make sense or let us know if you have thoughts. It's like thumbs up for most people.

Joao Luna: But one great. But why would you include the coupon you? There's more people being interested in going. I would I would love well.

Adam Wozney: So that's a that's exactly why. So the idea here is I've estimated what it would cost per event right here. And I actually need to update this because there's tickets a lot of times to attend these events. the idea is, If one if this is an estimate of like what it would cost per event to go to these particular events, I want to say Okay we have you know ten, Let's say 10 events that the community has agreed upon that. We should have a presence at multiply that number by 10 events and then we get a total cost.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Adam Wozney: That will go that will go to the steering committee. And we'll say to attend these all events, it's going to cost this much.

Adam Wozney:  How do you feel about it? Any questions, thoughts? And then they can kind of review it. Discuss it debate. It steering committees are open for you guys to jump into as well.

Adam Wozney: So if this is approved and kubecon is on this list, that means that not only your way can get covered. But up to three other people within like a specific roles that I've kind of laid out here and…

Joao Luna: Okay.

Adam Wozney: we can talk about these rules a little bit too if you guys want. But I think these are like the most important roles, and sometimes it might only be two people. I need to go. Sometimes, it might take for people. I don't think, I think after four people. It's almost like there's no point because you have a strong enough presence at these events that you don't really need additional folks because there's specific roles that people can serve for these events. Each event will be different. That's what I was saying again. It's not a perfect science but I think estimating it for people estimating the cost getting the steering community to buy into the total cost for all these events. Once that's approved, then we basically have budget to go and do this stuff. And then we can have separate calls for each of these events and lead up to them. Does that make sense?

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah. Now I understand better. Yeah.

Adam Wozney:  Cool, cool. So I'm going to include those as well. So I already have two action items, but I'll get to that in a second, but I'll make a quick. Note for myself. I'm going to update this proposal Doc. Events, give me one second.

Adam Wozney:  number of, Events. Okay. So two things that I'm gonna work on after this. So we added two more events of this. So everything highlighted in blue, are ones that everyone here has kind of agreed that these are of significant importance for a cost to attend. The ones in white are basically ones that are valuable but maybe aren't as important for us to spend money on attendance at these particular events. Any questions on that before, I kind of get into numbers crunching. Or there any events that you think are high value that I'm missing?

00:45:00

Joao Luna: I would just sorry for talking too much. I just want to now,…

Adam Wozney: How dare you?

Joao Luna: I just want to to Express that I'm happy. That now we have some diversity in the kind of conferences because previously, it was like all crypto conferences and now we do have some

Adam Wozney:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: Some cloud conferences and we basically we have had the diversity to because the public will be the same like not to devalue the crypto conferences, but the public is the same on most of them I assume. And here we are diversifying and having a new set of users that have new perspectives. And sometimes it can help like to reduce the noise…

Adam Wozney: Yeah.

Joao Luna: because it would be a conference like all about talking price and economics. There will be developers that will actually tell you the user experience they have whether because they don't care if

Joao Luna: It's like a cryptocurrency that has value doesn't have value, they don't care about the stuff, they'll see, there's just say, Okay This product is scalable, it's stable. It has this and that it can integrate with this and that and I think it's it's a great great user base for us to explore and…

Adam Wozney: If? Yeah,…

Joao Luna: run some tests on. That's why I like that. We We go to to these two at least.

Adam Wozney: I completely agree. I think it's important to kind of get external perspectives and it's time that we start, you know, breaking into the Web 2 world to say There's a better way. So yeah, I agree.

Joao Luna: You know. Yeah and we can now go there and say Okay, we have integrations with Terraform and everyone will understand like Oh really you do okay. Now I basically if you say that they'll be like okay then I know how to use a cache because they know how to use terraform and they just have to follow the same things, they followed on Web 2 and now they can go back three and we just give them a wallet or…

Adam Wozney: um,

Joao Luna: something that they can use.

Adam Wozney:  yep, totally completely. Okay. So these are the events that we're all kind of agreeing on. I put in a rough proposal. So this proposal number goes from what we had here. This is again an estimate on what it would be in terms of cost of attending these events. I do have to add a rough estimate around tickets. Every event is different. Some events can cost up to $600 for a ticket. Some events can cost you know, less than a hundred. So I'll probably put in a rough number. For what I think an average cost would be for all the events that we have on this proposal Doc, I'll probably actually put it in just as a thousand just as like a placeholder. And I'll change this this number here. It'll actually be 2400, actually, maybe more I'll change this number here, but this is what the essentially, what the estimated cost per event will be on our list.

Adam Wozney:  I took that and I multiplied it by the number of events that we had on this, this actually needs to go to 14 now times 14 and then we'll get our total cost of the suggested events. So this number will probably be a little bit higher. It'll be probably around, you know, three hunt match will be turning. It'll probably like I'll do the math on that, don't worry about that, but um, once I get the, the estimated cost of a ticket on average, I'll add this, I'll change the number here, I'll multiply it by 14 and we'll get our total cost from what we think we'll need in terms of an allocated budget for a cache events for this year. Um this is what we're going to bring to the steering committee and that's what I wanted to kind of talk about a little bit now. Steering committee calls happen. Monthly is that right? Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Adam Wozney: Monthly, I want to once. When's the next steering committee, call by the…

Tyler Wright: Next Thursday.

Adam Wozney: Tyler. Next Thursday. Great, that's perfect. I want to get these numbers in good working order and a little bit more details on these particular events prepared because I would love for us to present our proposed events budget in that call. Um, it would be great if you guys can attend that call, it will be on the discord events channel. It's public, it's open. I'm happy to lead like the conversation and kind of kicking off. Like after discussions with the community, here are the ones that we all agreed upon that would make sense for a costly, have a present set. Here's our proposal on what, it'll be estimated cost per event and who we think should attend and then we can answer any questions. The steering community might have about this. Allocated funds for resourcing

00:50:00

Adam Wozney:  The goal is, hopefully they say This all makes sense. Let's get, we're good to go with it and then we essentially have that proposed budget. I don't know if what next steps we have. I don't know if we'll have to put it into like governance proposal for the community to vote on. I'm assuming we will, but after you guys have agreed to it, the steering communities agreed to it. I don't see much pushback from the community to allocate the resources. We'll need to attend these events throughout the rest of the year. That's kind of the next steps. Do you guys have any questions? Thoughts or concerns on that?

Adam Wozney: Exactly. Yeah. And actually I we haven't done that quite yet, have we Tyler. I don't think we've actually had a proposal where we said we needed X amount of you know, Akt to fund a particular project. Have we done that yet? Tyler.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yep, exactly.

Joao Luna: Well, I did receive some funny. I don't know if that's for the terraform provider.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no. You know,…

Adam Wozney:  No.

Tyler Wright: that's slightly different. But yeah, that's what I was talking about. That's more of a accelerator, like bounty, but one thing I do want to point out real quick, is Luna the point that you just made about the diversification of the kind of events that we need to go to. That's a important point to bring up in the steering committee. I know there's some people in the overall overclock team that have mentioned that before, but it'd be great to talk about that open forum.

Adam Wozney: Yep. Absolutely. So Tyler, how best do we go about? Adding an agenda item to talk about proposed Akash events for the next steering committee on Thursday?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. So what I would do is um if this group agrees that this is something you want to bring up on the next steering committee, which it sounds like it does then just throw that, we'll throw that in the notes. Um, following this meeting and then we'll throw that in discord as well. And I'm going to add it to the agenda for the steering committee next week. I know that Jigars also has gonna have some time, so those these two Adams will be added to the agenda, but it's always good to. Again, formalize that you want to take some time in a public forum like discord to let folks know across organization.

Adam Wozney: Cool, I will. So I'll make a discord post in the events group and say We had a discussion. I'll put in the spreadsheet, I'll put in the event proposal Doc. I'll I need to make some changes to the numbers in terms of the number of events and the total costs I want to include tickets.

Adam Wozney:  And then if there are any other cost items that you guys can think of, or other events you can think of before that steering committee, call bring it up in that discord events channel. It's basically speak now or forever, Hold your peace, kind of time. So I would suggest putting your thoughts feedback notes in the discord channel until we have that steering committee called next week. Thursday. And for folks that are on this call that participated, I highly suggest you attend that because it'd be great to get your feedback and thoughts on this proposal as well. Because if you guys are giving a lot of positive sentiment towards the proposal that we've put together here, I think that will go towards the steering community saying This sounds good, let's put it up for a governance vote to the community. Does that work for everybody?

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Adam Wozney:  Cool, cool. That's really all I've got for today. Does anyone have final thoughts questions feelings before we wrap up this call George? Go ahead.

Adam Wozney:  Yes, I can hear you.

George Pro: Oh, okay, and I'm also today as we are also going for events, we can plan of doing something, like, a native event for a cash, maybe something like a cash conference. Wherever Cash and we the archives community. We are inviting people to attend. It's good that we are going for others events but I also take It's best. If you are also organizing our events. Yeah, this this is actually outside this one.

Adam Wozney: Yes, I I completely agree today. So today's call is really about these large-scale conferences that would be intended.

00:55:00

George Pro: I wanted to pass it out. Close just to pass it up. Close.

Adam Wozney:  Totally completely and and I think a good place to discuss those types of opportunities. Would be in that events discord. And I think what we'll end up doing, for for that type of stuff is I'll share my window again. Is I'm this Doc is going to be publicly available to everyone on this call. I'll share it in the In the events, 2023 discord channel. And at the very top, the idea for this is to make a copy of this document.

Adam Wozney:  Put in your name, discord handle proposal. What exactly does you want to do? You can change some of those events scorecard stuff. So like if you wanted to be a cost-specific event you can just get rid of this and just type in what you want to do, put in what the estimated costs would be for this event to run, you know, Catering and events space event support. And then this type of stuff can go back into a steering committee call where we can propose particular, maybe a Cost-specific events in We're gonna be doing that shortly with the Nakash HACKATHON, which is kind of moving forward, but that will go through a similar process. So I'll share this. Doc and that events discord channel, and people can copy it and create their proposals for a Natasha and event as well.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Cool. And that's it. We're about at time. Any other final thoughts or questions before we jump off?

Adam Wozney:  Excellent. So next week as a student community call, it'll be on the discord events channel, we have it listed as a talking point in that call to discuss 2023 events for a caution getting resources for it highly suggest you guys attend it because it'd be great to get some community voices and ingredients for what we discussed today. And then we'll go from there. But thank you guys for attending today's call.

Robert: Awesome guys. Thanks Adam from this up.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Adam Wozney:  Thanks everybody.

Luca Fortes: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:57:27 👋
