
# Akash Network - Provider Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 25, 2023
- Time: 8AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ul6obj7t6ueiuh7zjrlxfhr6ybeatjt4iox6mbvwvgzju5rwnwqa.arweave.net/ovzgp_P1CIof-UxXcp4-wEgJpnxDr-YGtqmymnY2baA) 
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov, 
- Anil Murty 
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Hartmuth Gieldanowski
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Rodrigo
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright

## Notes
- The SIG is focused on everything provider-related and improving the experience for providers.
- There has been a working group with a focus on content moderation. Specifications/results from this will be used by this SIG.
- While future meetings will focus on specific discussion topics, this one is mostly to getting to know each other.
- What working groups and SIGs do was clarified. Working groups don't care about the details, they just focus on what the problem is and a high level solution. SIGs will discuss who needs to do what to make the full implementation.
- One issue brought up by participants is that providers have to restart parts of their software every day to solve another issue. This causes a number of problems with the mentioned ones being lease dropping and mismatch transactions. It is believed that fixing the underlying issue would make this issue appear less frequently.
- The issue above has been and is in the process of being debugged. So far, it is uncertain what the causes are. The caused problems vary and hard to track down.
- To keep future issues structured, the [Akash support repository](https://github.com/akash-network/support 
) will be used for provider issues. This will be done with labels to keep it organized.
- Some discussion was made regarding expanding documentation, with a mention of TLS termination.

## **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: It's excellent. Well again, I appreciate you all for being here. Welcome to the Charter sig-providers monthly meeting. Um Sig-providers is pretty self-explanatory. This special interest group is Focused on all things provider related. I know there's a number of people here who have been running providers of all different sizes for, you know, year sometimes longer, you know, folks like Andy who have been in Scott who have been in the discord for a while, handling all provider issues, jigar who obviously runs that provider and runs provider services on top of Akash, you know so it's a great group of folks here that we would again hope to focus our conversations on, you know, all things related to providers and continue to provide our

Tyler Wright:  push the provider experience forward, you know, on the Akash network, anyone have any questions about what this SIG does?

Tyler Wright:  Terrific. All right. Um cool. With that said I do want to give a little background before I open it up. I'm not sure if Anil has anything or Scott but one thing I do want to make this group aware of is there has been a working group that Jigar anneal Scott and Adam Boss edition. A couple of others have been a part of related to content moderation.

Tyler Wright:  That working group is developing a spec around content moderation. And that Spec will be implemented in part by potentially this sig-providers. So that's something that this SIG will be overseeing as and more information will be made available as again that spec is finalized and the next steps are shared with the various Sigs that have to implement some of the changes as it relates to content moderation. You can find out more information about what's going on and track the meetings in Github. I will link that here right now.

Tyler Wright:  But again, this this charter meeting as we move forward, there'll be more of a focus agenda. You know, there might be things as we go from monthly meeting to monthly meeting that our action items or things that we want to talk about and have bigger discussions around that will take the time to block out and have those discussions during this monthly meeting. But really today is really about like kind of getting to know each other having an open conversation maybe talking about some initial concepts or ideas or some experiences that you know you all as providers or or folks passionate about providing on Akash you know, we can talk about Scott O'Neill. Do you have anything that you want to share or start with?

Scott Carruthers: No, I've, you know, taken off the initial meeting. I'm I think you summarize, you know, we current working group for content moderation. Yeah. No. As, as we kick off here, I don't I don't really have anything else of this point.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think nothing much to add beyond what she said. Tyler, I think, unless people have questions about the difference between a SIG in a working group. Hopefully, everybody understands the difference between those two. That is the only thing I would want to clarify. But, but other than that, you know, I think it might make sense to just go around and see what ideas or question or Things, you may have that we should talk about.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Does anyone have any like initial discussion topics or initial themes that are affecting them as a provider or they want to talk about with this group right now?

Jigar Patel: Basically. once we finalize the Prds in the working group, So folks, from this group going to start working on those stock, right? Or will propose that will they will work on it, right? Something like that.

Tyler Wright: Exactly, exactly. So the working group for content moderation, the deliverable at the end of that, working group will be the product specs that you and Adam are currently working on. Once that work is done, then it'll be determined. Who's going to implement that work? I think if some of that work needs to be implemented by the sig-providers. Then this members of this group can come together to figure out how that work will be done. If it needs, if some of the work needs to be done by like a SIG deployment or another group, then we'll interact with members of that SIG to come together to figure out how the work will get done. Go ahead and Neil.

00:05:00

Anil Murty: Yeah, and just add to that. Jigar. Just what Tyler said. Basically, generally the idea with six and working groups, is that a working group, doesn't really care about implementation, it doesn't care about who does the work. It only cares about figuring out what the problem is, or what, the customer problem will pay for it is and coming up with a general, high level solution to it, without worrying about the low level, details of who's implementing it. Once the PRD is done, then we basically decide like which specific portions of akash The whole akash network components need to be involved. So if it's something that only evolves providers, provide a sink, it's in order that if it's something that involves providers and employment and client libraries or something else, then people be involved, multiple things in that.

Anil Murty:  And they want to get started over. Once it was a work is complete, we close down the working group and any subsequent issues that come up with the code changes. That I made those just get filed as as issues within the specific core deposites in the handle by the six. And then the other thing what mentioning also is that as we get into a regular cadence with these things, I think we'll get to a point where hopefully we'll have a set of prioritized issues for each core depository. So, essentially, the way I'm seeing it, at least, is one thing will have a one to one or one to end mapping to some code, repositories, within Akash.

Anil Murty:  And so in case of this provider, same obviously, the provider services repository is going to be the, the main repository that this group is going to work on. Hopefully over time we'll get to a point where in these meetings we'll be able to just look at the the ongoing issues, prioritize. Them, if necessary in and you know, see people can pick up specifications to work on. Does that make sense?

Jigar Patel: Yes. Yes, that makes sense. That the answers my question.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. Okay. Um, does anyone again have any besides questions that have any like themes or as you all start to think about this SIG provider, any topics that you think are worth at least noting right now, even if we don't go into deep discussions today. But you know that again there are facing you as a provider or that you think you know, things that could be improved on the network.

Jigar Patel: so I have one issue that we are facing and actually Andrew also know that Currently like, we have to restart. Our providers every day and that's causing some lease or dropping issue. So if you want to start with that,

Jigar Patel:  Circuit.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, hey everyone Sunday. So this is truly, we have this issue and the disappearing list issue is something that we haven't really managed the Repositional role We've seen not only on the, some of the printer providers. And the necessity for the provider, restart is another issue that is like Europe. Was provider, is mostly right now is a consequence mismatch. We just like five minutes before the start of this meeting. I've been looking at his locks and I'm not that it appears that if provider is submitting to transactional, basically more than once a transaction at the same time,

Andrey Arapov:  It causes the consequencies mismatch because the each block happens, six seconds and as far as I know, you cannot send more than a single transaction in a single book and once you increment the consequence number and even that I'm sure if you can increment account sequence number within the same block. So, it's something that developers are looking right now at I've opened the internal issue for that. So something that hope we hope that will be fixed as soon as possible because yeah, well, if this gets fixed, then we don't need to restart the provider. And then we can take a look at the disappearance basis which is like, really strange issue. By the way, jigar, have you try to deploy a completely new provided from scratch and seeing if this issue is He can reproduce this issue there.

00:10:00

Jigar Patel: I have to create a new provider yet, but

Jigar Patel: Thing you have, it's something to do with the restart. So if we fix the core issue, then we can just remove the restart job. Cron job, right? And my time, I fix the whole thing.

Andrey Arapov: You well, yeah, but it's like a temporary text, right? Because if somebody wants to restart, or I know some maintenance, or just some, no drops of it, will call the provider restart. And anyway, it's something that needs to be addressed for,…

Jigar Patel:  Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: you know, because this is like the bigger issue than just the account sequence transformation. A typical provider services, you start, which usually like five seconds long time will say. And I will not even call it down time because you know, when it gets up again, It is the order request from the users and if they didn't expire, which is like flashing, you know, get them out. Default one, they take up the previous all the requests. I've already been testing this. So so yeah, that's all the disappearances issues. But we will say the major ones. And it's interesting that it's only visible on some of the operator providers recently. I think about two days ago, I've been connecting to one of the operators provider and was actually verifying this trying to restart multiple times, cash provider service within the service and

Andrey Arapov:  Delicious. That were there. They were staying there and like there was no issue at. Also it's kind of interesting that it behaves. The behavior is different for depending on the provider or maybe here, I don't know it's it's something is a cold black box pronoun. Something that's requires a better producers really know where to leak. so yeah, here is that

Jigar Patel: Yeah, I yeah, that's true or it. It's it have started happening very recently, probably like to, to three weeks and it's only happening with certain providers, right? Let me know if you wanted to have access to like one of the providers.

Jigar Patel: logs and everything like like, let's debug this because I think like I stopped restart there, but That's temporary fix, right? It's it's not a permanent one.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah definitely if you could drop me some like this so I can give you my public ssh key. And if I have the access there that will be really good because Then I can already try different parameter settings just to not knowing them the issue. Hopefully finding some some way to produce it.

Jigar Patel:  Actually.

Tyler Wright: And just this is just an issue that's affecting some praetor providers.

Jigar Patel:  Yeah, absolutely.

Jigar Patel: Yes. Correct.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Cool. Rodrigo. I saw that you had your hand up.

Rodrigo: Now, it's about the same issue. I have a provider with writer forever and…

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Rodrigo: about like, Jigar says, about two weeks ago, Was my prior didn't start meeting and when I restarted it, it would Sometimes it would close the pieces and sometimes you wouldn't. And but then it would appear in the meeting. This. But now it doesn't and it closes the visas.

Andrey Arapov: Oh, there is a actually one possibility. If you, for example, have had your provider running for about, let's say, five days or a week or longer and you already like, in the first two days, you got some deployment there and let's say they were quite expensive and they were supposed to be like, run out of funds would say, on the day, five, on the fifth day, any provider had some issues, even the account sequence, inspires or anything. And if it was unable to broadcast the transaction to terminate or like read the chain status, I mean, I just want to try to say that, it's possible that you restart the provider and then remove the latest, you know, just in some specific corner cases like when you have this run out of fun but provider didn't really detect this, it's something else also.

Rodrigo: Could be because yeah, it wasn't. that the provider wasn't claiming the What the payments and I was following the good people at each area. to, to obtain the for the new payments and and work well. And right now there's two nieces on the providers, but all that's not appearing on these. This I don't want to restart it because the closest At least.

00:15:00

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I see. You know what the I just ping me on DM on, on discord. And we can take a look closer to your case, just to make sure, you know, whether it's a case of latest running out of fans and provider, unable to withdraw from them and close them. Therefore, or it could be related to these like ongoing issue wearing, crystal provider for fixing the accounts, much as well. And oracle the combination, like the withdrawal period and others withdrawal period, which is the default set in home, charge to one hour. But if some people say are setting it 24 hours and if it's great or I think actually for this greater provider, it's set to 24 hours, I think Jigarette here, remember the visual period They also 24 hours,…

Jigar Patel: Yes.

Andrey Arapov: so and if you are restarting, your provider daily. Then actually, and it should be not 24 hours but rather 23. Because, you know, once you restarted the counter starts taking and the next time the current job tries to shut it down. Actually this one could be maybe a trigger of the this issue and the thinking, if they provider in state of withdromically, just running through this loop, I mean, and go and code. And then the same time it is being shut down by chrome, Maybe this is a trigger. Actually, this is something to look for. Can you digger? Can you try setting the withdrawal period to something lower than 24 hours like 23?

Jigar Patel: Sure.

Andrey Arapov: Let's say he automatically started. No breaks things like that. Just yeah.

Jigar Patel:  So what are what I do. Yeah. So what I'll do, we'll introduce a new Creator version, right? So I'll ask all the provider to like update that version, right? And we'll start

Jigar Patel: Hours right? Or 22 hours, right?

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah. It's bothering anything.

Jigar Patel: yeah, and that's why like why why we change to 24 hours because it was just Calling the blockchain and try to like, Do withdraw this. And when like, a lot of people don't have like this or deployments, right? It just called blockchain and do like random transactions, right? And that's why like we had to change to 24 hours because a lot of people complain like why it was like training their wallet.

Andrey Arapov: Oh yeah,…

Jigar Patel: Every one hour. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: yeah, absolutely. Let's try. This is actually one of the fields racing myself. Is a, you know, when you have many leases then Yeah, then each time it counts, everyone. Everyone out of this transactions. They withdrawal transactions and each transaction was costing like I think 5,000 uaq or even more? No, I think much more thing like 25 or something like this. But then we change the gust setting to ultimate also. So it then like Spence really a little amount of

Andrey Arapov: Of gas for this transaction? Well, it depends on the amount of pleasures as well, so if you have like 50 little than the other then you can build multiplication. But on the other hand, like, if this leases are paying you, well then it's like maybe tricky out of like no 100 or more current.

Tyler Wright: and,

Andrey Arapov: So it's something they have to play this and definitely for smaller providers. You don't need to specify this value too low, but another hand Yeah, it's all about calculation bit, you know, check what's in the network of I think. I think it's really cheap right now. Even for setting it to one hour or an hour. Yeah, just need to make some conclusion.

Jigar Patel:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: Great. This is great conversation. Um Anil put in the chat, any chance. This is the first version after the provider services split. So, nobody talked about like this issue coming up two to three weeks ago, is there because there'd be anything related to the provider services that my, my be correlated.

Tyler Wright: Jigar, do you have any thoughts on that?

Jigar Patel: I'm yeah, we're not sure you're still like debugging.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Jigar Patel: All the problem is like

Jigar Patel: Nothing. I think will be interest, Troy services like a month ago, but this issue started showing up like two weeks ago. Right? So I'm not sure and like how we noticed because our only is closed by like we started not to think that our provider or our own application was stopped, right? And that's that's triggered to like Morty working, right? We'll see, we'll see,…

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah. No.

Jigar Patel: I don't know.

Tyler Wright: That's No, that makes sense. Um,

Anil Murty: just a random guess trying to see if there's some correlation to The new version of the provider after the provider services.

Tyler Wright: You.

Anil Murty: But is there an issue created for this? And in the Progressive Services report,

Andrey Arapov: So for the disappearing places, we have the issue, it's under the engineering crypto currently,…

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: which is on upon. Yeah, we need to move some of the issues and exclaving it to have a discussion about this because they're concentrations done with probably migrate.

Anil Murty:  Got it.

Andrey Arapov: And and…

Anil Murty: Yes.

Andrey Arapov: groom and stuff. So Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yep.

Andrey Arapov: And like my observation is that the very first time I'm noticed when little were disappearing, it was when we introduced the idealizing with the new CRD called provider places, They have like three cities in Kubernetes And like the first one is manifest, which keeps the data that people send to the provider, using this and manifest. And second series provider hosts, where the ingress data for the engineering controller is kept. And the third one is the IP lists provider application requires. It's where the list at the addresses are cup for, the metal will be.

Andrey Arapov:  And I remember if you remove this CRD and after that you start provider or just start if it will stop before, and if it doesn't find this CRD then it removes all devices. And this was like nasty issue, it's still, it's still like in Say it's still in place, so it's something that will be fixing next release of the provider services. So and I was thinking, maybe somehow it's it was related to this, you know, with operators started to notice because our providers are running in hell. But now there shouldn't be connection. Anyway, this this kind of thing requires more digging for sure. So so I don't want to guess too much. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Jigar Patel: also, like Very soon, we wanted to move our our providers into health as well. so, once we do that, I think we will solve this issue or we'll just be one of one boat, you know, once it happens to it happens to every provider,

Anil Murty: I see so nobody really that's right. And

Andrey Arapov: yeah, that Alright I just want to say that yeah it's a good track for getting into helm because you know, then you have everything unified and it is also control because otherwise now it's like, you know, some people are asking it for printer and then I check their starting script or I needed to modify stuff. And then, we are ending up with different providers. Running different skills of different parameters there, and it's hard to really know. Who will have what kind of issue and why. And like, you know, A bit more complicated. And, yeah, and another point I was recently finishing like,

Andrey Arapov:  removing the home charts, which we had for a rook surf, or for a few more things, and Ingress Controller also would like to migrate off of the, our copy of some charts to the upstream already tested, some things locally, my provider and everything work. So the only thing which will remain in home. Charts are the provider note, actually. No. Those are thinking of, probably either moving to customer so many bus or something like this, you need to investigating this way is better. So that there is less focus over multiple repositories, but rather than more developers and engineers are focused over the single report, it's much more efficient and easier in the in the long run. The and they have also, hostname operator, IP operator and

00:25:00

Andrey Arapov:  think one more inventory and inventory. For yourself. So, these three actually four all together have They're all packing into Health Chart and maybe some chart. Yeah, we trying to make sure that they are the, you know, this is possible. So it's just like the docker image there. Container image is specified. And how it's RAM and then some parameters arguments or currently node in provider. They have a special Starscripts which I won't recently to init container. And now they are making sure before either started. They're making sure that Certificate has been issued only once unless it's expired. It's expired, then it's getting ratio.

Andrey Arapov:  And some checks like this that in our positions in sync and everything is set. So it kind of removes a lot of charm for new people on beginner beginners in the beginning. So yeah. So you could also probably digger, check our health chart. If you have any questions, I can even go through them with you. We can even make online session and I can explain, which parts are they are most important, and it's very easy to like you know, to use them. and you can feel free to contribute if you think, like there is something like Not make a sensor to hit or like, you know, tell me and you can remove or we can add, you know, it's like,

Tyler Wright: 100%.

Rodrigo: Yeah, of course. Yeah. I'm gonna do it right.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Um, I think a Neil brought up a good point from a structural standpoint and that we might find tune this as we move forward, I think this is kind of mentioned right now. We have a specific repo that I've linked to the chat for Akash network support Ideally, we would like most if not all tickets, unless they're console related to go in support and then from there we will move them to like provider services. If it's something that's like a Artur or somebody else needs to manage internally to get us to a point. So if we can put as much of the stuff in support, go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, the one thing I was going to ask that is, you know, if it's very clear, that something is a provider issue, then maybe we can skip that step and go straight to provider services. I don't know. This.

Tyler Wright: I i'm up. I'm fine to have that discussion. I'm a firm believer that anybody that's in this SIG could have that ability…

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: because it seems like an understanding of knowledge and understanding of like what the issue needs to have in it, to make sure that we can actually do something with but I would leave that up to our turn. Scott if they have any other opinions.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that's I actually saw that artur's on the call as well so let's just make sure there's clarity around. This arturi I thought in our latest discussion there wasn't really

Scott Carruthers: Isn't.

Artur Troian: Sorry guys, here I missed initial part of the conversation. We do in just a couple minutes ago.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  As easy. Yes, that's just a discussion around. If the point was made, that issues should be opened on the akash.network support repo. And we're talking about triage and those issues after their initially opened on the support repo in a neo, ask the question. If someone with provider expertise knows as a provider issue that it should just be opened. Initially on the provider repo in my point was that I thought we had arrived at. We're not going to move issues around where everything is going to live on support and we're just going to rely on labeling instead of Moving issues around.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, it's this initially is going to be just the simple way for us to, you know, manages and Frankenstein is just easier to remove label then issues between the repositors. So, yeah, it's like there's a struggle with understanding, like, What the better way to, you know, to level particular issue. Um, yeah, we're gonna have it some sort of traction process that But right now, it's basically correct. It's like a blue problem myself or on them or Andrew. So, Andrew does pretty good, you know, job on the filtering issues so he he will be able…

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Then.

Artur Troian: you know, the proper tag on that. And I'm gonna take a look into the details needed.

Artur Troian:  But yeah. So for now, all the issues should be located to support and we have a couple texts that reflecting each ripple. It's like to. For example, if there is a, let's say some transaction issue for the provider. It can be labeled with two levels like remote provider and rip or not even so we can understand that. Okay, yeah, that has way broader part. than on the provider, but it needs to be fixed from the RPC as well, for example.

Anil Murty: For all issues. Like let's say, you know, we find an issue in Dev. Or we want to work on something to improve the code base. Refactors something is that those issues going to end up straight in the repo? Or are they going to end up in the support?

Artur Troian: Oh they they're going to be all in the support repo. Yeah you should probably clear up the description but so the idea of the Support River is that all of the requests no matter what like this bug or does the feature related to core services? They must go into the support reboa.

Tyler Wright: If?

Artur Troian: And that's one of the reasons why we brought up that. Particular decision called because we have right now. Three, I believe Repositor is that's not which privacy was named Akash, Destroyer Services and that's home charts. So

Artur Troian:  And throughout, you know, last year so that people. Well, so once we please things, I mean, the provider services away from a car. We start seeing that some issues actually really difficult to initially create, in the proper report because people might not know where it's related to, and we want to just, you know, simplify

Artur Troian: Are forces for everyone in this and the subject. And the idea is that all of the issues related to the core services, going to be seating at the support report. Other things like Consolerance was they still be gonna be leaving in the Own repository.

Scott Carruthers: and,

Artur Troian: So yeah, it was a question. If let's say you or myself or anyone else wants to create issue, they just go to the support and that's pretty much it.

Anil Murty: Okay, I see. Sounds fine. I guess the only two things you do so I guess if this works out the way you describing then we should expect to see zero issues in each other core services repository. So in in provider services in node in term charts they should be like zero issues, right?

Artur Troian: Yeah. Greg I will be closing issues ability to open issues on all the rivers. I think I've done already on the provider services in double check here,…

Anil Murty: Okay.

Artur Troian: but the idea is I need to go through.

Artur Troian: All that make sure, you know, we either close existing one or just transfer them to support.

Anil Murty: Yeah.

Artur Troian: Again and then just shut down issues, stop entirely. So no one will be able to create any sort of issues on any of the repos except support for the core services.

Anil Murty: Okay, but the second thing is too, too many we I guess have to move. The Six,…

Artur Troian: It.

Anil Murty: I think the six open issues on provider services. We should move towards to the support triple And and then we'd have to make it somehow clear to people. So basically when once we get to like a steady-state career, once we get a little more movement on this new open community-based development, the hope is that we'll have people regularly coming in looking at issues and picking up issues to work on.

Scott Carruthers: and,

Anil Murty: So you know, if you have this difference in How his issues are handled for Core services, repositories versus others, then we need to make that clear somewhere in the people. You know, if you're working on console, just go look at the console repositories for the issues. If you're working on core services, go look at support people. Maybe it's like a link from the from the main pages. So

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Artur Troian: Yeah. So for all the three repos for the course services I will be adding the section about like on top of the Redmi. So the issues have to be submitted through the support people but overall for you know other Roses like Right Determination console. Custom. So many bars are you should? I don't know. We probably actually have to have some sort of like a landing page and begin hub the same way we did. On the Overclock. so we can, you know, When the people land on the coffee organization, very few things, you know to mention that, go here if you want that and go here you if you want that. But once again you can discuss that.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Anil Murty: Yep. It's on the list for us to write up that github page. You're going to talk about it. So we work on it. Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Scott Carruthers: Enough. Just just one more piece of clarity around the the labeling. So there's there's actually a fourth label on the support repo and that's actually a support label.

Tyler Wright: and,

Scott Carruthers: So this repository wall. So be our escalation path from the community naso so that we don't have to live in discord as much but still provide escalation from the insiders insider as well open up issues within the same repository and tag them as support. And then obviously if we Determine that it's code issue. We can then add the label for specific provider services or Node repos, but also. And if you're getting into the repository and open an issue, the support label and the, the function of that support label as escalation path to a caution engineering.

Tyler Wright: I think it's a great call out. If you don't know how to category, how to tag something, just tag it as support and it'll get escalated from there. Jigar, go ahead.

Artur Troian: I think.

Tyler Wright: Oh, go ahead. Doctor

Artur Troian: It just you just want one of the things that I think we're gonna, obviously gonna do is the support repo in particular. We real Auto Assign triage label. So once, if you've been created, it's gonna get three hours label automatically.

Tyler Wright: Hmm.

Artur Troian: So don't we wanted this stage anyone to make a decision on which graphic belongs? We won't you know, make decision is the keyboard file so you know, moving forward was that. Um and once is done someone from let's say traction team will be able to assign proper levels and we can you know, decide who's gonna be

Tyler Wright:  Perfect. It will provide more clarity and add to read me files. So it's a lot more clear. But again for right now, just use the Akash network, support repo for any and all things related to core. Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: All right. Yeah, so I think I have one suggestion. It's like we're tracking everything on a support. Mine as well. Just like create a creator of issue.

Tyler Wright: and,

Jigar Patel: In respective are depository. Let's say If you provider, let's say someone created issue on support, right? And then because we are labeling it right? The trans team labeling it, right? So why not just create a issue in respective. Basically, if it's a provider issue, then it goes to provide a service repo, and then it's easier for developers to go into this, this project right services, right? They can just go into see all the issues, right? They're going to support. They will be seeing like Times of issues, right? So there will be very confused and it's just led to part where they will not participate, right?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. We that's something that I think that's something that we've actively thought about.

Jigar Patel:  Just a suggestion.

Tyler Wright: I think, as of recently, I let our church chime in very after this um because we're trying to manage limited resources, I think trying to spread ourselves too thin to something we don't want to do out of the gate. And as I think it's Anil mentioned as it evolves, we might evolve this process. Go ahead to Archer.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's like one of the reasons why we don't want to, you know, duplicate issues in the PROVIDERSHIP because it's gonna drastically increase the Lord. It's not only for the internal team but just for outside to see actually what's going on and I don't opinion. I don't think developers gonna struggle with this structure. For simple reason, they're going to be landing page from the support repo explaining what it does and what to do in order to spine. What you want over here, looking for, right? For example, if you looking for issues right into the provider, right? The the issue of the provider might be also related to Akash right to the north. so and that way, we're gonna have to cross reference them and it just sudden like really quickly becomes mass

Artur Troian:  This way though, you say like okay you just select the label and you filter it by the label they're gonna be very few of them. And you immediately see entire picture, what and various related to, right? So that's why we're trying to avoid creating multiple issues and the one once again. The key here in this situation, that all three rivers are not provider services and home charts. They are coupled together. That's why we are trying to have one place to all the issues, instead of spreading them outside. And that's actually why console, for example, leaves outside of that because it's absolutely different subject. It's not tied to the developer process, all the core services, by any means.

00:40:00

Jigar Patel: Okay. Got it. Got it. Yeah, I agree with it and then when we work on some of the issue we can just like put note in support issue, right? That we are working like this team is working on this issue currently.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah. But just keep in mind though that PRS, the PR still want to go through the dedicated repositories and the beauty of it happened, that way that you can cross reference. PRS to the issues in different people, it works out of the box. So yeah, that's these all those processes and procedures. You're gonna describe in the landing page of the, you know, support repo. We also gonna mention, That on all of the three, repositories. That in order to issue or like how the development process works. And when the links That you can just click on that and it's gonna redirect anyone who interested in the alternatives of the dog which was once again, this is the initial structure. We just want to minimize

Artur Troian:  A scope on preaching, and we gonna be definitely making improvements to that. So we gonna be definitely listening for the suggestions, but for now, we want to try it. We want to see how it goes, and we believe that is gonna work.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. I just also threw the chat, um, for discord, I think it's another place that again between meetings. Between these monthly meetings, we're hoping that folks stay involved, talk about issues that they put on and the support repo, talk about things that they're working on related to providers. And just again, keep the conversation going, if somebody submits it PR and you haven't got any feedback in our day or so, you know, you can also just ping in this SIG providers or any other signature part of in those channels. And then we'll look to again, follow up and really timely fashion. I saw Jigar. And then Joao after that, go ahead to go.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, and one more questions I have for this group or I don't know if it's working group question or not, but I'm just gonna put it here, right? Oh, so if the issue or new feature that We guys decide that seek has to work on, right? So something's gonna go and work on it, right? Maybe Luna's, right? Team gonna work on it, right? Is there a are starter comparison for that? Or is there a place where we can discuss that? So how does this kind of look like, right?

Tyler Wright: Sorry, what was the I got most of the question. What was the

Jigar Patel: Ask are basically, it's basically like, if someone has to work for a time for two weeks, right? Are we like, Are we gonna give something to them? Right? And just, just a question, you know?

Tyler Wright: Oh yeah, yeah absolutely. Um and yeah I thought you had your hand raised.

Artur Troian: I can answer those people.

Tyler Wright: I I actually thinking of actively thinking about the structures of that or not all the way to find that but that's very much a part of this like structures. Like you know, there will be discussions on priorities of specific projects, what those efforts take and then whether it be through the SIG or through the steering committee, it'll be decided on. How important those efforts are and you know if there is some sort of value, tied to that if necessary and we'll go for that way. Arthur did you were you saying something?

Artur Troian: Yeah. Just like small comment on that, I would say that the supportery but gonna be mainly through reporting box. It's just like what I feel is gonna be And you know, if there is like a crucial bark and it needs to be fixed quickly, we're gonna find ways to do that. Whereas, are let's say the six and working groups, they their job gonna be to Let's say we want to implement some new amazing feature or, you know, change do some bigger factoring or whatever, that's gonna go through the six or working group first and it's gonna be, you know, my decision on what needs to be done. This particular subject and it's gonna be more probably covered with the information about, right? Once we have let's say Final decision and all of the questions answered then.

00:45:00

Artur Troian:  We're just going to go through the implementation phase that how we transition to that question is still open. And that's I think a new test more answers led, but Let's say, if you want to, I don't know. Implement, you know, like conflicts in the SDL that touches quite a few parts of the code base. And that needs to be sold very well first. And it's gonna be done through the working group and after that, they're gonna be dedicated, probably issues related to the implementation phase on each of the parts, but yes, you, I believe you can answer this question better.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I was gonna respond to Jigar but I know. Luna, you had your hand up for a while so I don't know if you want to go first.

Joao Luna: A short. I have two one is question. One is is small Is there a like plans for on the support of the issue to have like some label saying that we are interested in doing that that feature or something that that issue or at least saying which team is planned on working on that issue?

Joao Luna: So it gets more transparent in that sense.

Tyler Wright: Oh yeah.

Joao Luna: So we know who to talk to

Artur Troian: Well, so once again, the process is gonna be falling. Once you open the support issue and the support, it's gonna go through the triage first like, no matter like, how important is that? It's still going to go through the trash. I this I know maybe Tyler or Anil can answer the better, but if there is like a really important bug that needs to be fixed up, we can, you know, rice priority and look at that through the score, right? So there can be erased,…

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Artur Troian: you you go out figure out the best way for that. Uh, but If you.

Artur Troian: Still, like, if that's the feature request, it's you have to go through the steering committee, you see, or working group by no mean like 100%. If someone is gonna be interested in like, you know, there are two requests in the parallel, there's gonna be job of the sea or working group to ensure that, you know, all of the parts of the requests are covered. You know, think and someone can start working on that. So if you have, like, let's say you want to implement some new things, you raise your concern to the first to the Seek. And then signal inside was the following process. This particular request should be, that's the way…

Joao Luna: Okay. Okay, that

Artur Troian: how we should be done.

Tyler Wright: I also think if you see an issue or bug that you're interested in, you know, that is already been prioritized or otherwise, and it's like now we're trying to figure out who's gonna do the work. I think whether it be in discord or in Github, just comment on that specific issue. And then we can track from there as an initial process. Who's going to be working on something? Make a determination and then go from there.

Joao Luna: Okay, so that I kind of like to my second question because then I guess I felt kind of in that sense, as my first approach was to actually implement the solution and propose a PR Instead of like, so I'm specifically talking about the TLS termination feature. This is something I suggested quite a long time ago and then when this came all open source and We started having this process. I I just cloned the code change date and now made a pull request but also created like an issue as Artur.

Tyler Wright:  and,

Joao Luna: Suggested But still the process was not as I'm aware now. The standard or like the official one. And how,…

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Joao Luna: how will that proceeds, from now on. So because there's like,…

00:50:00

Artur Troian:  Give example.

Joao Luna: some what?

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I give you example on that subject, so why we want to have the quite clear processes by like, we need to see or working groups on this example until extermination. So, in most cases, Significance and features may need really thorough thinking before we move to the code phase and

Artur Troian:  In this example, right? It touches. The first of all, the SDL needs to be updated. Then the preorder seal, you need to think on the new, Probably Flex properties, to the manifest, you need to validate they apply. Does it need network operate, and so on so forth. So that's why making PR is kind of much massive process, because, you know, we're gonna make a lot of comments and we're gonna lose the subject pretty quickly. Instead, we have, Let's say we have a feature request. So you open that you're gonna decide where from the support really well. Anyways, and then, we're gonna triage Make sure that we have proper seek assigned to that signal thing. Okay? This is important, we need to implementing. We have resources for that. Someone gonna do that. In this particular case, you then

Artur Troian: There need to be described the thing. What you exactly want to do and we need to make sure before we move to the PR phase.

Joao Luna: You.

Artur Troian: That all the parts are covered. The part of that. Before we move forward to the process is for us to release development workflow and debugging documentation, which I'm working on right now. We used to have it sort of like internally but you need to bring it up and publish it. We're gonna allow you to easily test feature locally before the meeting to the

Artur Troian: Github. And this particular example is the TLS termination.

Joao Luna:  Hmm.

Artur Troian: They're quite a few parts that need to be. Touched that's in both Akash. People is not and…

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Artur Troian: the provider services, and there are quite a few tests needs to be done before. We, you know, we enjoy everything works, fine. So and then just biggest one is the Flag options to the. We want the thing to be backwards compatible, but it doesn't break anything deployments. And that's to be honest, quite a significant part of that. So that's why it was insisting for you to firstly, create it issue. And then we start thinking on the way, how we can do that.

Joao Luna: A compatible in some extent.

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Joao Luna: Now I've achieved that point where I get what you mentioned, which is now I need to start touching other parts inclusive, the note itself to validate the manifest. And that's I guess that's where the process gets tricky. Because now it's much more than just having it working on the provider side. I also, or if it work on the whole network, does such a change would require like a main net upgrade for this kind of stuff because that changes the scope of…

Artur Troian:  um,

Joao Luna: how fast we can deliver such changes.

Artur Troian: Yeah, so that's actually that's a purpose of the Seek or Worker group to answer the question. In this particular, use case the most probably will not want to network. Upgrade is just the upgrade of the client, I'm gonna answer that. I need to once again, That's one of the why I want the issue to be there,…

Joao Luna: Okay.

Artur Troian: just because we can answer that question strictly and then point what needs to be done in order to make this feature working as it intended to be right? From what I see the most probably won't need network right in this particular subject. However, the flux, you know, you put them as a default, the issue is we need to develop those for example, flux and the options to be, you know,

Artur Troian:  covering not only your specific use cases, but Use cases for other providers as well. So for example, I believe I left a couple comments on this PR are explaining what I meant to do. So Yeah. But anyways, Yeah, that's probably subject to the another discussion. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: So yeah, no. I I just want to be conscious of time. I as the next deliverable, I would love, I think if Jeff is not already an issue created, if we can go it that way, and then start commenting as Artur just described Anil, did you have anything that you wanted to say quickly? I just want to put up some gonna respond to go, okay?

Anil Murty: You know, I was going to respond to Jigarette and Luna in detail but since for our time I'll just say Luna thanks for all the work that you're doing and as far as the process goes. You know, it's on us as well. We should have, we should be documenting this more clearly. It says we've had a lot of documentation to do and you know, there's one of the things that we just didn't get to. So thank you.

00:55:00

Tyler Wright: You. Yeah, yeah, again, thank you to everybody that that's participating in this again. I know we're running up on time, please continue feel free to continue this conversation or any of the conversations and Github. And/or on discord. One thing, I just want to keep in the back of mine for all folks is like other things that I want you all to be thinking about as we go into the next meeting. You know, in the past we've been thinking about, you know, provider onboarding, and what that experience looks like adding providers of different sizes, you know. I know like, Folks, here on this call, have like large providers. Some folks have small providers and understanding the difference in, you know, that onboarding experience the management experience, you know, provider management in general. So, I just want you all to think about the depth of topics and themes that this SIG will be covering and all the things that and all the ways that you all can contribute, go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Regarding potential compensation with regards to significant work that has been done in any particular theme. We have kind of thought about this but instead of codifying something that's fairly rigid upfront. Before we see some of these things come through. That is definitely something like the community pool that it currently exists on chain, right. I think there's a 1.5 million tokens or something session. There's we were definitely open to submitting governance proposals in order to unlock some of that for particularly useful things that we want to develop. So that's definitely on the board and something we considered we just haven't launched anything very super structured at this moment in time just to see kind of what emerges out of these working groups and sakes. So,…

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Cheng Wang: just want to put that out there. Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Well, again, I appreciate everyone taking the time for this initial sig-providers monthly meeting Obviously. The next one will be a month from now, but please feel free to continue the conversation discord, add any issues in the support repo and again, reach out to myself or anybody else. If you have any questions in between meetings, Cool. Well again, I appreciate the time. Thank you all for your efforts. Very excited for how this Sig progresses over time.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, thanks everyone. It was awesome. Looking forward for the next one.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, thanks.

Cheng Wang: Thanks.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

Andrey Arapov: Another online.

Cheng Wang: Take. The.

Hartmuth Gieldanowski: and your guys by

Damir Simpovic: Night Boys.

Meeting ended after 00:57:51 👋


