
# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Review any new pulls in [Akash Provider Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/provider/pulls)
- Praetor team to give an update on their work.
- WASM Container Support discussion follow up from [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062750618713862275/1081627662923092078)
- Open Discussion

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 22, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://cfka4pfl3wgmzbphlkmzsmitnlohvfldmfixfw3wx7j4arekbnma.arweave.net/EVQOPKvdjMyF51qZmTETatx6lWNhUXLbdr_TwESKC1g)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Benjamin B
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- George Pro
- Jigar Patel
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright



## Notes: from ***Benjamin B***

### Key Friction Points
  - **Provider attribute standardization**: Max mentions that creating standardization for provider attributes must be decided on to be able to show Cloudmos users ([example link](https://deploy.cloudmos.io/providers/akash18ga02jzaq8cw52anyhzkwta5wygufgu6zsz6xc)) what the provider has to offer (for e.g. showing the CPU-models offered). Damir Simpovic builds on the past meetings problems where standardization is hard (e.g. in the case of specifying hard drive attributes).
  - **Cloudmos showing online providers as offline**: Damir Simpovic found an issue where the provider's being tracked through Cloudmos' analytics is shown as offline regardless of whether or not the deployments themselves are online. This is happening due to the provider port being offline.
  - **Awesome-Akash SDls not working**: Damir Simpovic mentions that some of the computing resources found in example SDLs are too low for the example applications to work.
### Potential Solutions
  - **Provider attribute standardization**: Max adds that some attributes can be hardcoded so that it will be easy for providers to get started with the correct attributes. Jigar Patel also adds that a few attributes could be explained to be "mandatory," and mentions that some attributes are crucial to mention (e.g. the CPU-architecture). A working group could be arranged to discussing how the attribute problems should be fixed. 
  - **Cloudmos showing online providers as offline**: Deval Patel mentions two potential solutions: either micro-services could be deployed to track uptime, or disclaimers could be made that gives a better picture to what is actually being tracked. Benjamin proposed a solution where downtime could be advertised in attributes and also be scheduled through posting MEMO's on the chain with start and end times. The goal of 
  - **Awesome-Akash SDls not working**: Damir Simpovic describes a solution where logging could be improved to show what happens under the hood (e.g. when the memory has run out) for when issues arise. Furthermore, he mentions that a tool could be built to troubleshoot this. Andrey Arapov mentions that experienced developers could already check for this issue. Damir Simpovic and Andrey Arapov agree that common issues could be explained and added to the [awesome-akash](https://github.com/ovrclk/awesome-akash) repository for this.
### Action Items
  - **Provider attribute standardization**: Tyler Wright will create a working group related to provider attributes.
  - **GPU testing / Working Group**: Tyler Wright asks everyone who wants to participate in the GPU testing to reach out through the [typeform](https://akashnet.typeform.com/to/oY4z69eC) for a chance to participate.
  - **Awesome-Akash SDls not working**: Scott Carruthers to check on the situation of the documentation and see whether or not troubleshooting documentation needs to be created.
  - **Benchmark Working Group**: Tyler Wright and Jigar Patel will create a benchmark working group. Jigar Patel will create a directory for this working group and Tyler Wright will create a Discord Channel for it. For the next few weeks, some sessions will be scheduled.


### Updates
  - **Update on Praetor App's development #1**: Jigar Patel mentions that Praetor App is ready to release their [proposal](https://github.com/akash-network/community/discussions/92) on-chain and will likely be out today.
  - **Update on Praetor App's development #2**: Jigar Patel also says that Praetor App are currently working on a PR related to API that they are hoping to get out sometime next week.
  - **Update on the restarting provider issues**: Andrey Arapov mentions that the issues related to restarting providers will not be worked on for as long as work on GPU-access is being prioritized.
  - **GPU testing / Working Group**: Tyler Wright said that GPU testing for Akash Insiders could be opened up in 1-2 weeks.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Great. Welcome everybody to Sig-providers monthly meeting? This happens. The last Wednesday or second, last Wednesday of every month you can find information and meeting notes available on Github. As you can see, Ben has this screen shared. He is the note-taker for Sig-providers and so we'll be taking notes during this meeting. That will be made available with the transcript and the recording very shortly after this meeting has ended Um, I know Scott did a great job of leading the last sig-providers' meeting so thank you. Scott Carruthers.

Tyler Wright:  For supporting their really, the agenda and the goal of the special Interest group providers is to talk about anything provider related on the network. I know there's a participants here including the prey tour team, Max and Cloudmose, and then some of the larger providers like Damir and others that are on the Akash network that are represented here to talk about any topics related to providers. Also have some folks from the Overclock Labs team here that could talk about anything support related on providers, as well as nd01 Andrey who does everything from support to managing providers and beyond so much appreciated.

Tyler Wright:  Um, cool as a initial agenda item, I thought it might be good to talk about pay tour if you have any updates. I know that you all are looking to put a funny proposal forward. If you have any updates related to anything, pray for related that you want to share.

Tyler Wright: that's,

Jigar Patel: So basically, we are, we're ready to put a proposal and Probably today, we're gonna, we're gonna do that. And we also started working on the API that we basically specified in a content, moderation group, so that we're anticipating probably next week, we'll do the PR If not and the next to next but we are working on. So we can do the next week and that because that will be our like, milestone one would be like very crucial for us or to process with that.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right. Does anyone have any questions or comments for the prayer team while they're here about anything provider related?

Tyler Wright:  Again I pray during the team have presented a discussion for their proposal, which is in Github discussions and many folks here and within the community, I've already commented on it. Their next phase is to put a governance proposal on chain which is what they're talking about doing today to get the necessary funds, to continue their work with prey towards some of the other provided work they're doing on the Akash network.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Oh there's no other question. The Prater to I'll go ahead Jigar.

Jigar Patel: I'm study one more thing. I wanted to put out here is we wanted to create a two working groups. One is like for provider attributes, that I think we have discussed in the last meeting and I think a new is like hitting that thing and also for working for benchmark. So if you can like start discussing there like what we need to do, that would be like great.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. That's actually a great segue. I will put something in the chat. Max has his hand up. Yeah, I know that Max contributed to a discord chat in the provider attributes group. Go ahead Max.

Max: Hey, so yeah, there is like a Google docs previously made in the past for like provider attributes. Which is what I based myself onto. Make our new provider interfaces to use like the standard attributes to show on the deployment side. But like Tyler just linked and you said that he was working on a new document for this. But yeah, it'd be great to finally get this settled in like get everyone on the same page on the attribute used to Display the network upload up, download the type of CPU and all that stuff.

00:05:00

Max:  So yeah. As soon as this is done, we can update our UI currently. It's based on the old document, It doesn't matter I guess. Changes or not. If it changes, we'll just update which attribute to display. And if not ill-state this way.

Max: eventually, what we want to do is Make a simple UI for provide. I don't know if you guys Jigar made this already but We plan on making just a simple UI for providers to be able to update these attributes. 30 in our UI to Not have to do it with the command line orâ€¦

Jigar Patel: It. Yes. So

Max: something like this.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so yeah. Providers on our platform. They can update the attributes right now so yeah, it's already there we Wanted to like streamline, all the pro, all the attributes, so that Google talk that that we like, you are me. I think Anthony was there and Anil, right?

Max:  Yeah.

Jigar Patel: So we created that document but we I think right now is the time to move that into a working group or to physically finalize that to get going on on basically, particularly want to on the attribute because he's being Held up for too long. I think this is a time to To do that.

Max:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: go ahead, Deval

Deval Patel: Are another thing I want to say here is that I received some of the Some comments from providers saying that they they're trials are filling up. Quickly means like 50 megabytes of per second, something something is right writing. So they're concerned about that and I'm investigating with them. So, yeah. Just just to give you guys heads up, something might comes up and I might, like, I'll reach out to proper core team members to find out what that can cause

Tyler Wright: Awesome. Thank you for that heads up. Um, related to the point of Jigarh and Max were just talking about as an action item for me. I'll make sure that there is a working group session for that provider attributes group over the next week or two. So that folks can all get the same room and we can start the process of getting aligned and figure out how many meetings we need. If any beyond that point, but just so make sure that Max is alive jigars aligned etc.

Max: Turn. Just one last thing that I wanted to specify. The interface that we want to do for providers to edit their attributes. It's not necessarily to like Any generic attribute, it will be like a hard coded. form that will be based on the attributes that we define there and yeah, just make it easy for providers to That have to search around which provider attributes they need to add and stuff. Then. Cathy's can do it for preter as well. I feel like it's okay if tips more than one.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: yes, so basically I think that was the idea to create that group that Basically. Create a very specific sets of attribute that every provider should have, or must have. And based on that, like, we can categorize different providers on different like region kind of things, right? So, this will add a lot of value to providers itself. Plus, a deployers who wanted to like, Use different providers for different staff, right? If they wanted to do Intel or arm, right? As Luna also started doing like creating arm based providers. So, I think this will like a benefit a lot of or in terms of developers to use which providers to go for.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent. So we'll get that session going. Yeah. Actually, that's a decent segue. I know that recently Max who's also working on round, two of a discussion proposal that he's going to be putting in Github as a follow-up to his initial proposal for cloud most funding. I know he's got a proposal that he's our discussion. He's working on in anticipation of putting out a governance proposal, one of the items in the governance proposal. That's he he's a little bit think early this week in in its phase. One version was provider detail page, Max, I don't know if you want to talk about that a little bit. Now, with the group and talk about where it is in the thought, process behind that, etc.

Max: Sure, it's a bit related to what I was talking earlier about the provider attributes. And show you guys. All right, send the link in the chat. to euro plus, for example, because the mirror is here. And so, yeah, we added the Map, where the providers? are, and If you scroll down on the detail page, this is where the, the provider attributes. The word defined in the previous document are shown, and there's a lot of unknown values, because

Max:  The provider. Well, the list of attributes that need to be said, are not. Standardized anywhere anywhere. So, I know that Damir has said a bunch of attributes that are specifying these values. It's just that The key to these attributes are not the same. So once everything is standardized and we have, like the form to edit it, these values should be shown as they should. So, yeah, it's the first version of it and Like Jigar said it, the Way to go to improve. the knowledge that we have on the network providers, to make better better decisions in the future,

Max:  For automatic deployments or for just users in general that select the providers have just as much information as possible.

Tyler Wright: Good, thank you, Max. Does anyone have any questions? Thoughts comments on this provider detail on page inside the Deploy to Problems Reports.

Tyler Wright:  Terrific. Oh, go ahead. Damir.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you. I'm just I think.

Damir Simpovic:  Standardizing those values is a good idea. But there's also Always something different. And I'm getting back to what we talked about on in the last seek providers. For instance, I have or persistent storage. I have a value of beta 3 but i those are actually not nvme. even though they're performed like nvme and they're even better than, you know, it's like, Perhaps allow some of the custom. Values to be specified.

Damir Simpovic:  Instead of only the predetermined ones, I don't know.

Tyler Wright: Yep, go ahead and Jigar.

Jigar Patel: yes, so Damir, what we are actually trying to do here is We only specified. Few pro like attributes. Where okay, you need to have like this six attributes beyond that. You can add more Right. But like When when you're creating a while using Twitter, right? You have to have at these six or seven, whatever we decide right in the working group, you have to add that. But there is no limit in in like come online and you're we're just like, going through the cost commands and just become a provider by yourself. Right, there is no limit on that. You can add as many as you can because they we are not changing um, the way that

00:15:00

Jigar Patel:  Occas libraries working right now, right. We are just specifying that this attributes would be very standard. Only certain different values. Should be accepted on those attributes but if you want to add more, let's say if you want to add, let's say you drive type right. You want to say NBA YouTube channel, right or whatever. Right. That you can add using like online or using the printer to add more attributes but these six or seven we will be there for you to enter. I mean if you understand that

Damir Simpovic: Understood understood. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Max.

Max: Yeah, and the thing about custom attributes and Unlike the deployment side is that they're hard to. Well, we don't know what they're going to be. So We can, they're hard like to display in a meaningful mat fashion for for users when they deploy. If we don't know in advance, what they're going to be. Like the previous version of how they were displayed but they're just like dumped. In this small. panel, like just all the attributes, but They're super hard to read. And I'm nobody reads them because like, they're just a big block of text, that doesn't mean anything. So that's why we're aiming for a fixed set of

Max:  A predefined attributes and we'll see in the future. There's ways to properly display them for like custom attributes. If they mean something for the users

Damir Simpovic: Thank you, thank you. If I may interrupt now or later, I have another thing I want to ask. So Tyler. I'm just let me know and

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think we've covered updates from Prey tour. We covered updates from cloud modes with the focus, on the provider detail on page. So, Damir, please take it away.

Damir Simpovic: Um, now that we you actually touched this provided detail and if you know, if you take a look, for instance, it says that my provider was down. Today. And that's true because I was missing wrong with the provider port, however, all the existing deployments, none of them had any issues so that it kind of

Damir Simpovic:  Puts up a wrong picture about the provider. it's just that the provider pot didn't work, and what it does, is it make it's making bits and it's, you know, Kind of communicating with the rest of the network. However, the existing pods all of them, none of them were affected. So yeah, that's something that I noticed and it would be quite beneficial to. I don't know.

Damir Simpovic:  Measure this provider uptime in some other way other than the provider port availability because the provider port availability. You know, any time you, I don't know you restart or install something or whatever and something goes wrong.

Damir Simpovic:  The provider pots is the first one to actually basically be down. Even though the provider itself, which is not just the provider pot, there's many components to the provider, It's running perfectly. So yeah, that's what I have to say. Thank you.

Deval Patel: Yeah. So I understand that this point is that basically the provider like we should separate two, things means the provider service. Like what we what we are showing right now it is off. The provider is based on the provider service, right? But that is underneath piece, which is Kubernetes itself, right? Which is perfectly running fine for you. Let's say or it's running fine and and the it's servicing the other parts means it's it's running for whoever has the leases deployed our you know applications that blood on that they're running fine. So how can we determine you know that either? What we can do is that like

00:20:00

Deval Patel:  Just solution, right? Like I'm not sure we can you know put some low low level health. Check in like survey timing service or microservice in there right to find out but we can change the avoiding in terms of saying that the status is for the provider service or put a disclaimer there.

Deval Patel:  For now.

Deval Patel:  Those make sense. For you.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah. Yeah. I mean and I mean I know it, nothing is perfect and I don't expect it to be perfect.

Deval Patel:  Yeah.

Damir Simpovic: That's not what I'm saying. And just trying to Yeah.

Deval Patel: No, I understand. I understand like whenâ€¦

Damir Simpovic: Yeah. That's

Deval Patel: where you come from right? I understand because I like I know we retract this provider service status, right? And based on that we,â€¦

Damir Simpovic:  Yeah.

Deval Patel: you know, show the how like

Damir Simpovic:  Yeah, I understand I understand.

Deval Patel:  The percentage of availability, right? So Yeah, we can we can put disclaimer I think both by ourselves and Max side as well because people thousand status page, right? And so

Damir Simpovic: Yeah, definitely, you know, just small steps in the right direction. That's all. Thank you.

Deval Patel:  Yeah. Yeah agree.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: No, I think again this is great conversation, I think um fundamentals of how we make future decisions. We need to foundationally understand all the problems that we're trying to solve this being like how it could how some of these attributes and how we measure some of those attributes affect how folks, right think about, you know, like uptime or downtime and then making sure that again we're measuring those things properly to set the best of the best story to whether it is to deploy or for the provider. Go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: when speaking of standardizing the attributes called an attribute, be created, or it doesn't have to be like related to Each deployment per se but a provider could go out and the publish data when they're doing when they're or having scheduled downtime. So If they have. as an attribute, say max 1% downtime per month, then they could Post something to the same saying. Now, some scheduled downtime is happening and that could be subtracted from the uptime. Or shown in a different way.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah, definitely. Perhaps Yeah, it will probably not be automated. If I understand you correctly like manually. You want The team to be able to manually adjust the uptime and downtime. Yeah, that that will take some kind of maintenance. But definitely, yeah.

Benjamin B: I can show you quickly in paint, maybe how I'm I think about this. Let me just changed window.

Benjamin B:  so, let's say this is An upline bar, and It's green. Or it's red. I think the colors are rather obvious but, Then the providers could from their own address, they could easily. just, How do you say sign a transaction saying without memo? Maybe here that they're starting their scheduled downtime. And they're working on it. During this red period. This could be detected automatically by the start pages. And once you're done, they could. Sign another message. Another memo and they could say it's done. so, instead of having this red, they could have

Benjamin B:  This orange one saying that this is actually scheduled. It's not just something that we don't know about. It's not the nothing that we haven't promised. And these attributes can also say in beforehand. So if you're using us as a provider, we can guarantee maybe 95% up time and if this is maybe six percent.

00:25:00

Benjamin B:  Of cutting. A portion of this could be shown us red.

Benjamin B:  What's this made more clear now?

Damir Simpovic: Yeah, yeah, definitely definitely.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Go ahead. Deval

Deval Patel: Yeah, so if I so it's, it's Like you want to identify basically difference between accidental downtime and the actual downtime? I mean, intended downtime right? So yeah. Yeah, it's a good strategy, right? So

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Ben. Anyone else have any questions on what Ben just presented?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I saw that Archer just drawing briefly. I do want to be conscious of his time because I know he's working on a number of things that's pertains to provider and getting ready for the GPU test nets. Well we'll follow up with more information on soon. I want to see if Andre or And or Artur just wanted to talk about anything support related in the support repo. That's provider. Related. That might be worth talking about during this session. Don't feel obliged, but I will share in the chat and share screen. The support repo and any issues that are tagged in the provider.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Max.

Max:  Yeah, related to what you're saying. Maybe I'm speaking too fast but Since Arthur, and Andy's here. Did you guys find a solution for the least show? The kind of like, The provider process losing track of the other. Something like this. There's an issue that makes the lease shell Just not accessible after a certain amount of time.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, this is still active issue. When provider restarts it loses the track of the pots, and then list Shell doesn't work. It's still, it's still an issue that needs to be addressed. And yeah, we have the higher priority. Now, it GPU, I guess, once we've done this, the GPU Artur will have some time to take a look at this.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else from the community? Have any support tickets? They put in that, they just want to check the status of right now while Andre and Artur are here?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. There's also again a six support meeting which is a bi-weekly meeting where Archer leads conversation around any new support issues that have been added to the support repo in the last two weeks span talk about those issues, talk about priority and severity and then starts a tree out, so it's just you. So if anybody has any issues and wants to talk about those, please feel free to join that SIG support as well.

Tyler Wright:  All right, as mentioned, um again kind of related to providers is a working groups around GPUs. I know that working group touches a number of things. I know some folks in this sig-providers session have added themselves as folks that want to participate in an insider GPU testnet. We have the typeform information, locked and loaded. I'm going to go through and anybody that filled out the type form before adding their specific GPU types, I'm going to follow up and just make sure we have those. Please plan for me to reach out to you by end of week. And then we're looking to start that test net um, probably at some point next week or the week following, but you know, more information will be made available. Next steps are happening internally, we're Artur and

00:30:00

Tyler Wright:  Ray Scott and others are working to make sure that the test that environment is working properly. And once it's been confirmed, that's working properly with very few bugs. Then we're going to open it up to that initial insider group who may find additional bugs beyond that. But we want to make sure that the experience is, as optimized as possible. So, that, that insider group can focus on use cases and leveraging GPUs on their providers. So again. Again looking to happen in the next week or so. But based upon just some internal testing that's currently being done as an environments being set up. I'll let folks know via email and then in the discord various discord channels. Go ahead, Ben.

Benjamin B: Can group. Going to be active from the next week in a house, or will it be the insiders?

Tyler Wright: are the the working group, the insiders Testnet will look to begin next week or the week after just depending on how internal testing of the provider and some basic functionality goes

Tyler Wright:  But that the, there's been a type form that's been submitted to folks and working group GPUs. Anybody that wants to participate in that quote unquote inside our testing, should fill out the form, which is available in working group GPUs, We have a number of folks that are already left different levels of provider that have already submitted a form. So we have a good group right now that we can already start testing with. But again any additional folks that may want to be added to that test. Net for insiders should fill out that type form and then if they qualify that we will, To make them, add them to the that testnet group.

Tyler Wright:  Any questions there? Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: No, yeah just yeah. We will take part on that as well.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. I will send over the form if you don't have access to access to it so that you can just fill it out because I'm going to send out a an email. To that the folks by end of week.

Tyler Wright:  Any other questions on working Group GPUs?

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Because I know that's the question.

Max: When GPUs.

Tyler Wright: But again, amongst many other things that's been a large focus for some folks on Overclock team to get it to a point where the insiders and folks with the community can start testing. And then from there, we can get community feedback on improvements and then get contributions and go from there. Soon. Yeah. You told I'm gonna put the type form in those for anybody that hasn't filled it out already. But again, many folks already have

Tyler Wright:  cool. I know we got about 23 minutes left and I know we've done a lot of covered. A lot of topics today. I just want to see if any providers Damir or anybody else, have any questions comments or other topics worth discussing during this session right now or any agenda items? And anybody wants to talk about in the next sick? Provider meeting next month.

Tyler Wright: Oh, I'll take that silence is over. Yeah.

Jigar Patel: Oh sorry. Yeah one more thing. Can we talk about the working group on benchmark next week? If like a nail can join or yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Absolutely. Do you do you want to have a working group session prior to the next cigar? Do you think the next thing is a fine time to start that conversation on benchmarking.

Jigar Patel:  Yeah, whatever like Max and everybody agrees.

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead.

Max:  Yeah, it's me. Is the benchmark API for for like knowing how much a deployment, how many resources at deployment is using Because that's something that we would really. Love. And I think it's a it's going to be necessary at some point to have like a an endpoint from the provider that gets that the receives the amount of resources like the CPU amounts, the percentage of the CPU that released is being currently used by the deployment,

00:35:00

Max:  Something that I talked about a long time ago, but probably probably something that would be good in the roadmap. If that makes sense to you guys,

Damir Simpovic: It actually, if I may Jump in. It actually makes a lot of sense because there's a lot of deployments. The I don't know what it is. Perhaps some smarter people than me can answer this but some of the default values in the Awesome akash, repo sdls. They're using, I don't know. I get it. It's trying The idea is to have as small of a footprint for deployment as possible. But sometimes, the amount of memory especially the amount of memory but also the amount of the CPU is not enough.

Damir Simpovic: And the the pods the pot gets terminated because it gets out of memory. You know it there's a limit to how much memory can actually You know, take for its own purpose andâ€¦

Max: Yeah.

Damir Simpovic: the I've seen a lot of people actually, you know, they reach out, but I wish they reach out to me because I would tell them what the problem is. But I, I can see. for instance, I can see a lot of Fresh new. Deployments like 20 or 30 in a single day which is usually an indication that somebody is testing something.

Damir Simpovic:  I didn't, for instance, I can see that most of those pods get terminated by or get restarted. Yeah, extremely often because of they, get out of memory. and the developers, they don't actually get Any kind of a notification, why their pod restarted.

Damir Simpovic:  and in addition, for instance, if they're not using persistence storage For their data, their data gets lost every time, the project starts and it's basically not the problem of the provider. It's not the problem of the developer because they don't have the Correct information. What's what's wrong with the pod, you know?

Damir Simpovic:  well yeah that's that's the basically it Some kind of a troubleshooting tool, basically is what what I'm suggesting. For the developers when when, you know, when you're deploying the pod.

Damir Simpovic:  Sorry.

Tyler Wright: Now, go ahead Damir.

Damir Simpovic:  Just yeah. When they deploy a pod you know so that they can actually see if especially if it's a developer and they're trying to build something new, It's pretty hard to determine. How many resources are actually being used and you know, Sometimes, the developers don't. You know, they they won't even look. And they will just give up. And yeah.

Max: Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: And like if they don't know or can actually predict this, they I mean they can, you know, do some work and they see it's getting killed their connection or their pot. So what what next step they're gonna do, they'll probably either presume. Like there is some issue with the pot so they if they are aware of the least events common, they can run it and check like the state of that it's being out of memory or they can drop the message into Akash channel if they they're not experienced like for seeking for help. Um, another hand. Like I'm not sure if you have in our current documentation for deployments, maybe, maybe Scott could take a look. If you have some, like troubleshooting step there like, you know, just to cover this kind of possibilities. So people aware of these events command or just like events in cloud mode so they can just check this

00:40:00

Andrey Arapov:  Be nice addition. I believe.

Damir Simpovic: Let me give you an example. Today, I was approached by.

Damir Simpovic:  I'm sorry, I don't know, the the first name or the last name but The owner of the D3 Akash. Dot cloud provider. And he's running some pods. On beautiful and those spots are for like, like uptime trackers.

Damir Simpovic:  He basically, he wasn't, He was not aware that his spot was, You know, for instance, this this SDL, it's it's, you know, from awesome, Akash repo. And the pod works up until You know, you can have, you can specify as many monitors inside the pod. For, you know, you you can watch for for uptime for as many Are resources as you like. but,

Damir Simpovic:  For instance. This happened today. Yeah, so he reached out to me and he was saying, Why is my constantly restarting and I I'm, I Actually we spoke about this today's earlier. and I, I Was really interested in. So I started my own instance and my only instance was running, You know, it's still running perfectly but he is not his is constantly. Restarting. Restarting restarting and I took a look and yeah, the pot was out of memory. You know, I don't, I don't know if he knows about these commands that you speak of. I don't even know about these commands.

Andrey Arapov: Uh yeah this is like normal. I mean, if you even order a VPS server is four gigs of memory and run some application that needs like five gigs of memory. Every second hour of runtime, we're gonna have the same issue. So all you need to do is just like kind of expect this. That's why I think it's good addition for the documentation. So people kind of aware of this thing that and the like explain there is a comment like Listrell sorry release events so they can take a look at this. And Yeah, this this is a good point. Definitely that people should be aware of this thing is the most common reason actually for the actively running port to terminate. After some time, it's been running. So it's the only I would say a reason Unless there are some like drastic issue in the provider itself on the hops there.

Damir Simpovic: Yeah, definitely.

Andrey Arapov: So yeah, good point. Thanks Damir.

Damir Simpovic:  Yeah, thank you.

Tyler Wright: go ahead, Jigar, and then Benjamin after

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so they made this this really good point and and that's why I like we are proposing to create this working group so we can discuss like what kind of things we need to add into. Like make the PRD is basically right. This is a like one of the really good point. Other is like CPU benchmarking that we talked into last week as well. And also about drives that we discuss that we can also like create a benchmarking about a drives, right? How fast are slow, those tribes are right? And like that's why like we wanted to create the working group.

Tyler Wright: Here. Go ahead and Benjamin then Damir.

Benjamin B: I just want to ask you, should I make it to an actin item? To create documentation on troubleshooting?

Tyler Wright: Yes, that would be great to at least for Scott to check in on documentation for this issue and see if it needs to be updated. Thank you back to you Damir.

Benjamin B:  Awesome. Great.

Damir Simpovic: if I may suggest like a quick and dirty solution, it's not an actual solution but it's quick and dirty.

Damir Simpovic:  Perhaps. Perhaps make the sdls that are in the awesome Akash repo. kind of, let's say an overkill. Let's say

Damir Simpovic:  make them bigger than they actually need to be. If you know, yeah, so that's what I mean and that way it will cover more.

00:45:00

Damir Simpovic:  More use cases. Yeah. I don't know if it makes sense.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I think it's totally good point like to make them more descriptive. Like you know, where you have a CPU or memory, add some comment like Hey if you're application crashes like make sure to add more or use likely events command some stuff like this. I think it's valid. Why not? Yeah.

Damir Simpovic: I was actually thinking of, if if we notice that some of the pods are crashing more often than than others, then just update the awesome akash repo and have it, you know, double the memory or, you know,

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, absolutely.

Tyler Wright: The event, we'll add it.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, maybe we add that Ben under a potential solution, the quick and dirty solution to be and just talked about. And we can just figure out if that makes sense, short-term or long term because I know we're trying to find some folks that can manage and upkeep awesome Akash. So I I like that solution but we'll just assess if it makes sense. Moving forward.

Tyler Wright:  Exactly. Is there any other conversations or talking points that folks want to bring up during the last 10 minutes here?

Tyler Wright:  But Max, I know you put some items in the chat. Do you want to talk briefly about what those are? I know. There's like uptime for our memory usage.

Max: Yes. Just to provide like a visual. Interpretation of what I was talking about. We can't have that currently with a cash, but I feel like it's going to be Well, it's going to be necessary if the goal is to have the cloud parity with the other big clouds.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright:  All right, terrific. Any other talking points or any other agenda items? And one wants to bring up right now.

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead and

Benjamin B: You never agreed on something here about the benchmark working group. I don't think at least.

Tyler Wright: I believe I'm gonna make an action, make an action item that I will make a working group around benchmarking. Um, the guard, you want to be responsible for making the repo. And then I'll set up a first working session with Max. Demere and then anybody else from the community that wants to join that session. All right, beautiful.

Jigar Patel: Sure. So we wanted to create a different rapper or just a like a directory under the under our community, right?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly. Director directly for working group benchmarking under the community. And then I'll add a discord channel andâ€¦

Jigar Patel:  Okay, sure.

Tyler Wright: we'll set up an initial meeting over next couple of weeks.

Tyler Wright:  Perfect. All right, if anybody has any other topics, or any agenda items, for the next six, are Sig-providers meeting, please share them in discord. Really? Appreciate the conversation and some of the topics we discussed and then some of the updates again. Pray to our team will be putting out a governance proposal very shortly, so please take a look at that and then take a look at Cloud. Most will be following up with their proposal, which will have some elements that may touch to provider, but that will go up on discussions. So please give feedback there about anything that they're working on is again, especially sick provide I think provider related from the SIG but their work on number of things deployment, obviously, as well.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Well if there's nothing else again, thank you very much. If anybody has any issues that they come across, please put those in the support repo and then tag them with the repo provider. And then, if anybody wants to talk about any of those issues that they tag provide with the Repo Provider Then you can join the six support meeting which is coming up shortly and they're also as a steering committee meeting next Tuesday. So please, if you have the time and availability, feel free to join that as well.

00:50:00

Tyler Wright:  All right y'all. Everybody have a great rest of the day notes will be added and updated shortly by Ben. Thank you Ben, very much for all the work that you did during this session.

Tyler Wright:  All right, y'all everyone have a great day. Thank you. All Let me know if you need anything, be a discord or otherwise.

Jigar Patel: And thanks.

Tyler Wright:  Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:50:43 ðŸ‘‹

