
# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Update from Praetor on next steps from Funding Proposal.
- Provider set up ease for Mainnet and GPU testnet.
- Observation of Praetor providers not getting bid rights now.
- Update on Provider Attributes working group

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, April 26, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Alani Kuye
- Andrey Arapov
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- George Pro
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- patrick horrigan
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Praetor team talked about the work they are doing. 
- Jigar mentioned that their team is working on moderation API.
- Praetor and their team got a lot of feedback on their dashboards.
- Praetor wants to prioritize moving to [helm charts](https://github.com/akash-network/helm-charts). 
- Going to work in parrellel to work on moderation API and helm charts.
- Working on a new process to migrate existing providers to move them to helm charts.
- Praetor team has already started working on helm charts. Should be done within the month. 
- Andy noticed that all Praetor providers are not bidding. Praetor is going to reach out to some providers on Praetor and change their logs.
- Jigar is trying to solve this today to get Praetor providers back online as soon as possible.
- Andrey talked about the mismatch message. This should automatically restart the provider. 
- Andrey offered to support.
- A couple of issues recently on Praetor have been with account mismatch. 
- Praetor solved some issues this month around account management. 
- Andrey asked what was the issue with disappearing leases? Jigar gave a briefing that certain CRDs were not coming along. Praetor team developed a script to check CRD.
- Praetor is easy to use for folks trying to use a single cluster. The only issue that people face is the DNS entry. 
- Deval and Praetor try to make it as easy as possible in the docs. They forget to put in "*". 
- Port forwarding is something that people do not understand as well. 
- Praetor team talked about making a blog post to make things easier for user. 
- Once Praetor is in the new process, documentation should be easier. They have not done multi-node cluster documentation yet. 
- Praetor wants all providers to be supported by Akash Insiders. 
- Praetor is open to ideas for Port forwarding. 
- When a user found out setting up a provider takes networking knowledge. 
- Scott mentioned how much the process for provider onboarding has improved over the last year. 
- Scott mentioned that the process to set up a provider is complicated by nature.
- Andrey enabled TLS cert on the sandbox provider. Read more about this in the [providers Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/771909807359262751/1100760721568043160).
- Andrey agreed with Scott that users need kubernetes and Linux skills. It takes time. 




### Action Items

- Jigar to solve issue Praetor providers are having with not receiving bids. 
- Praetor team to deliver helm-charts upgrade for NEW providers by next sig-providers monthly meeting.
- Praetor to create blogs for - "How do I do port forwarding?" ; "How do I change DNS?" which are common friction points with onboarding on Praetor.
- Tyler to stay in sync with Praetor team to make sure Praetor provider upgrade and network upgrade align. 




# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Of can be found in the Notes section for this meeting. As previously, mentioned Pretor, who is a big, a big part of the provider experience. Recently, was awarded money from the community pool, I'm to continue their work on provider experience. We're gonna hear from members of their team, on an update on the work that they've been doing since receiving that money. Um, We also want to save some time Andrey who's on the Devops team and Overclock Labs Works very closely with many of our providers has found some oddities around, the Pre-door providers and the fact that some of them don't seem to be bidding. There's some messaging that's in the parade or discord and that's already been shared. But we just want to discuss that issue right now and see if Andre and the prey to our team. Want to need to align on anything and again additionally

Tyler Wright:  We just want to have a discussion if time permits just about providers set up in general. Again, the documentation, Functions as desired, where folks that can follow the documentation are able to set up providers very efficiently. But there's still seems to be quite the learning curve for folks, especially as we're seeing with the GPU insider testnet. That there are number of folks that have GPUs and have some technical ability. But when they're trying to set up in Akash provider, they still seem to be running into hiccups that they are sharing in channels or not sharing and channels maybe just giving up

Tyler Wright:  If anybody has any other again, action items or agenda topics, feel free to chime in at any time. But to get us going. I would love to again Jigarh and Deval from the pre-tor team or here, I know that Jigar has been under the weather for a little bit. So again, hope he's feeling better. But just want to pass the floor to them to talk about the work that they've been doing. Since again, the funding proposals been approved.

Jigar Patel: Awesome. Thanks. Tyler. So let me get started with the work that we are doing right now. So we started working on Moderation API and Management API, and we like there was some learning code for us so we are like they're in process of making that PR. So that's one thing alongside we Got a lot of complaints about the some, some of the issues that our task was having some of the issues that our process is having. So we are cleaning up stuff, but also we are Now, in a position that we need to prioritize the hand upgrade that.

Jigar Patel:  That we requested funding for that was the second line item that we put into our funding, but we the It looks like there is a time right now that we need to upgrade that, right?

Jigar Patel:  Basically, we just need to prioritize that first alongside with the management API and moderation API. So what we're going to do? We gonna parallel work on those two things, obviously. And once we have that upgrades in, we also gonna make a process for existing provider. So, the new provider is easy. Basically, we just gonna have any process for new providers, but then whatever the existing providers we have, that's really challenging for us because they were on the older process. Now, once they connect us thick, Basically, we wanted to be very seamless with the upgrade process. So once they click upgrades, we basically clean up their stuff, whatever we were doing before and move them into him upgrade, right? So that's, that's the basically plan that we're looking forward to.

Jigar Patel:  Work on it. We already started the new hand process from our side. And once it's done, obviously, it's gonna be done before next to admitting Right. So also one of the things that and you just stated that there was some providers or all of them are not beating. It's a strange because we

00:05:00

Jigar Patel:  Like generally, like we whenever we help someone or when they become a provider, we help them to create a lease from crowd most and check. If that was working those working. Like a few days ago, let me see if they are audited or not. It might be the issue but let me see what's the problem. I have a couple of orders that I'm in a contact with so I can go with them and ask like What check logs like, what's happening. If it's a RPC issue or any other issues that is having right of, We need to upgrade anything. I don't think. So, there is a, like a minute upgrade, but in a quarter, Let me see. Okay, that's, that's something that we just notice. And we wanted to, like, basically our goal is

Jigar Patel:  To have all the provider. With us or even with our cash to make beatings. Right? That's way like to get releases. If they are audited or not, right? That's the second thing, but this should catalysis right.

Jigar Patel:  So that's our priority number one, I'm gonna I'm gonna work on it today for sure of what I'm gonna see like what's happening with the providers, our providers, if something, if the RPC if you need to upgrade anything I'll check with that. And again right I'm sure that's our priority looking like the feedback I got from Boss at the feedback from our also, some of the community members that were actively like working on it. They found that this processed or process that our system is on, it's not as reliable as a hand chart. So we wanted to prioritize that Questions or concerns, please.

Tyler Wright: Sounds like a pretty pretty clear update to me again. The focus is on helm charts and upgrading because it seems to affect so much of the experience as well as moderation API. It sounds like in terms of The helm charts, the setting it up for new Prater providers. Shouldn't be an issue, but you're the biggest thing that you're trying to focus energy on is those who are existing crater providers and making sure the migration to the new home Start home. Chart structure is as seamless as possible.

Jigar Patel: Correct. It's just like the process is the process for new provider, will be like relatively simple for us to build, but the process to, for like upgrades, that's what we're more focused on. Because that will be considerably more like development work for us.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely. And you're saying I'm from a timeline standpoint. This is something that you're looking to track before like in the next month.

Jigar Patel:  Yeah, so basically the hem upgrade for new providers will like that, that thing that will be open running in this before the next program meeting it for the upgrades. It's just a little bit unknowns and That will be like trying a couple of operator meetings. But we were targeting that before next program meeting. But again, right that's something unknowns. Our team haven't like experience that before, right? So

Jigar Patel:  Basically, because we are also doing the moderation and management API on the long side with it, right? So I don't want to promise too much things. And then like come and say, You know what we fail, right? We we wanted to like much as much as do. All right, and this is and Say that we did a boy and beyond rather than said You know, we failed, you know, that's why.

Tyler Wright: Nope, I love that. Yeah, definitely manage what you can manage, but it's clear that the new new Helm charts, will should be ready by next monthly meeting, but you're targeting for existing existing Prador providers, but may not be possible but much appreciate Cool.

00:10:00

Jigar Patel:  Project.

Tyler Wright: Um, Andre do you have any other thoughts or questions related to the bidding issue?

Andrey Arapov: Plus, I guess not, I believe needs to be checked on the better side. And like this deal that I deployed.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: It wasn't using a sign by field. So supposed to I mean all providers supposed to be doing not audit at once. So Basically, yeah, for me it's kind of like box because I'm not operating not running the brighter provider so it can't really say but there is something something more of a global issue I guess. And what I want to add is that I think you guys are not using any kind of foreground that we implemented recently. It's basically monitoring the logs for provider for the account sequence, mismatch message. Once it sees it, it automatically restarts the provider, and this is something that helped us, make sure that providers always are meeting that could be actually.

Andrey Arapov:  Also, potential course.

Deval Patel: So and if you have put that friend, we don't need to do the Crown job, correct?

Andrey Arapov: We did it only in helm charts. If you're using home chart, like our home charts, then you don't need the current job.

Deval Patel: Okay.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. And by the way, feel free to always ping me on discord. If you have any question, like related to helmcards a cash provider a cache node orâ€¦

Deval Patel: Time.

Andrey Arapov: any other home charts related questions. I'll be more than happy to like point you explain for any kind of small quick questions because I have everything in my memory on top of my memoryâ€¦

Deval Patel: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: because I'm looking at this film charts quite often. So yeah,

Deval Patel: definitely, I'll do that.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. And that would be the big help because as like, we are moving forward on some of the problems that like our providers were having was related to account mismatch and we that was like, a couple of issues that was like, one of the issues that we resolved was, it was like, removing all the lasers from account, right? So, that one was resolved, our second was, our lease take out. Time was like, with all time was 24 hours so that also we changed on into like, 23 hours. So it will not like Are collide, right? And that was one of the issue that we were having that we've also resolved in in this month. So we are, like, we are trying to be

Jigar Patel:  Like more proactive. But again, right some of the issues that sometimes, you know, it's just get out of hand and we need help from you or Scott in the future. That would be great for from the team.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, absolutely that's normal. Like, you know I got this quite fresh products still and a lot of things that we need to either fix approach through workgrounds or like, proactive monitoring. So that's why it's important to like, take it more care of it. Differently. By the way, that Please disappearing, presentation. You said that it was salt. I'm just wondering, maybe can like write me offline. I'm just wondering what was the issue? I'm happy that this whole

Jigar Patel: so, So that was Yeah, we can chat offline again because one of the things just just to brief. There was one When we restarted, there was certain CRS was not coming online and then once a restart, it was just using all the all releases, but we implemented a script at actually wait for CID to come online, right? So that was the one thing that we did.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, that's great. And by the way I think Arthur was setting a little cold to the next version of a cash. Actually I need to check that was like You know it's a check basically if the CRD doesn't exist that it would fail automatically about it's something that I'm not sure if you already added it like committed or not but it's you know into the truck.

Tyler Wright: Again, thank you very much for that update Jigarh. Deval, did anyone have any questions other questions for the pretor team about next steps for them and any existing issues?

00:15:00

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Okay, thank you very much for that update. Um, cool, moving along in the agenda. Um,

Tyler Wright:  I think one other thing I think, actually, we kind of spoke to his speaking about provider setup and just like understanding, I think Andre just brought up the point. Understanding in general, I do want to quickly plug that for folks that are insiders. Um, tomorrow, Scott Carruthers will be giving a session on the documentation. He's been writing, some developer documentation that is a little bit more engineering focused for folks like yourselves that are building on top of Akash and just help, get it better understanding of the core product, he'll be sharing that with insiders. But then I again, I want to make sure that everybody here, especially those who are working with the product, a lot can have access to it, provide any feedback while it's an experimental state, before we start sharing it to a wider audience. So if anybody if you all have the time to make it to the office, insiders

Tyler Wright:  Are inside our office hours rather tomorrow, please do or otherwise, we'll make sure that it's shared across the number of channels after that. So that folks can start to look at that documentation and hopefully that can prove their understanding of a cost and the core product.

Tyler Wright:  to that point again, mentioned at the top of the call that Akash has been overclock. I've been working to get some Data centers on others from relationships that have been built over time. And those

Tyler Wright:  Folks who are oftentimes technical are trying to bring their provider resources online. Still seem to have be having issues whether it's be a prey tour or otherwise and then usually call upon Andre and Scott were very quick to support when they need help. One thing that obviously, we want to try to improve over time and any way that we can and so it might be a good time to talk about it right now With this group, is any way that we can improve the provider onboarding experience, obviously moving over to helm charts and all the work that prayers doing, and all the work that Andy and Scott manage and just like optimizing, the prayer experience through documentation is great. But there's still seems to be

Tyler Wright:  Some hiccups even with folks, we kind of talked about with GPUs. There have been a number of folks have been talking about wanting to bring their GPUs on to a testnet, the documentation. Is works, right? We've had folks internally and externally. Use a documentation and successfully bring GPU providers online, but when community members of and folks that are fairly technical, try to go through the process, they're still seems to be some hiccups that don't bring them online in a very efficient way. I just want to see if anybody has. I know that folks like Damir here and there's a number of folks that are providers or work around providers. I just want to see if anybody's has any thoughts.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I just want to open up to discussion. If there's any low hanging fruit. I know that Boze, maybe talk to the prey to our team around, improving the documentation. So it's easier to understand for folks, but I heard a hand raise, I just want to open this up for discussion. If everybody if anybody wants to talk about anything related to their own setup experience or just general conversation,

Tyler Wright: So I thought someone had to go.

Deval Patel: So, can I jump in?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, ofâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes please.

Deval Patel: Okay. so, For.

Deval Patel:  The providers who are like, let's say brings one one computer or, you know, a single node. They're fairly easy to onboard through greater actually. Right now they do it successfully. And most of the providers are through greater right now is a single cluster computers, right? The only issue that they face or challenge is the DNS entry, right? So I'm not sure how to resolve that because, like, we tell them that we we tell them specifically that, you know, here's the DNS and community to put right saying that, whether or not xyz.com, right? And ingress start ingress or xyz.com, right? But they still forget to put star, right? Like they don't, they don't even notice, right? So like, we can, we can prove our, you know,

00:20:00

Deval Patel:  That, I mean, that's what our repeat, the instructions where we can say that. Okay, notice in the board access and like spelling, you can say that notice this here, right? That's, that's simple. Silly mistakes. They make right? Another thing they don't understand is what forwarding, right? So, certain parts, I have been used by, you know, provider service, which is 8443. The part 18 is to be open part four for three minutes to be open to the world, right? Because people are gonna host a certain things there, right? And then you know, 30,000 to 32,000 range that that range between. I mean, we have basically, those are the things they don't, they don't know, right? And

Deval Patel: Fairly simple and easy actually, right? That's what we noticed. but yeah, I'm happy to, you know, that

Tyler Wright: Of that.

Jigar Patel: Oh yeah.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: And also wanted to add something here that. I also reply to pause as well pause raised certain question about the same thing that you are telling us race today. We once we are in the new process Our like, our whole documentation should very simplify right now. It's it's very clutter and also doesn't include the multi-node documentation, and you get time to make that happen part. We are keen on once we have The new Helen process. We will have the new undocumentation. Also wanted to work with the insider as well. Because once we have the hand process, the supporting those providers Means supporting all the providers, right? It should be

Jigar Patel:  The same way that currently the porters are made even though with the CLI or using the Prater doesn't matter. What's proverb is up and running anybody from the inside of group can support those providers, doesn't matter if it's provider or who our greater process or the CLI as well, right? So plus, we are also making the way that if Providers are made through CLI. They can also log in into our dashboard and see the staff. See, upgrades updates they can do from there are just connecting their control machine, right? So those are the things we are working on, please, like, advice on the stuff that they will mention if you have any better idea.

Jigar Patel:  To implement of the port forwarding the way that currently we have. It's it's not the best but we are open to ideas from the community from all the members here as well. If you have any better idea, we're happy to implement that.

Tyler Wright: Of course, thank you very much, much appreciate. Um, at least identifying some issues that you see in the user experience consistently for users. Yeah, if you need help with blog posts or anything, it's a good, it might be good to leverage a community, just feel free to just throw a message and stick providers talking about the problem. And, you know, we can find some folks that might be able to support, you know, because I know that you all are working on a number of technical things, like content, moderation and help charts, and etc, go ahead, Deval

Deval Patel: Oh, sometimes my like I think, I think one simple aspect you can fix a few things as well, right? So let's say How do I, you know, Do port forwarding right? How do I do DNS entry change, right? That kind of thing, right? That can help to But yeah, that is that is on our like, on our agenda for, you know, before next seek meeting, right? We should put out some blog post, we should, you know, have some, at least some effort you, right? And make it simple for providers. Don't worry.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: For perfect. Um, sorry to put you on the spot, Scott, but do you have anything that you've been thinking about as pertains to providers? We're sharing now, don't feel obliged.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so I actually just want to hear some of the conversation that I was going to provide some thoughts and that's right to begin. I have a question. And specifically regarding onboarding of providers into testnet and with GPU supply. So let me preface About to say, I'm not. I'm not. Indicating that the provider onboarding is a simplistic process and obviously, we encourage people to have, you know, basic Linux skills, and Kubernetes skills before they even begin the process. so I think most the time when we get those type of individuals they're they're able to follow the documentation but again I'm not I'm not trying to undermine or

Scott Carruthers:  That the provider onboarding process can be complicated. And I'm also not saying that I I'm sure there's some places in our documentation that we can improve and we're always looking for suggestions as people go through the onboarding process. So, Having that preface in mind? I just want to make sure that we clearly understand where the problems are so specifically with GPU testnet Right now, I haven't received a single report in the WG GPU channel or otherwise that the reason that we're having issues getting. Providers with GPUs on to Testnet is because of the documentation. So I just want to make sure that we kind of understand where the problem is. So it do we have evidence that there are providers out there that are trying to come online with GPUs and

Scott Carruthers:  they block here as they documentation or because again, I haven't seen the evidence of that but I'm wondering if others have

Tyler Wright: I specifically have not seen evidence of it, I just, um, in my experience, have heard from a number of people, mostly privately that filled out the initial type form. That wanted to participate in the insiders testnet that GPU tests that that they had a number of GPUs that they wanted to bring online. They followed up with me that they would be bringing those online last Friday and for whatever reason, those are still not online and I don't know if they're just not willing to talk in public channels or if they don't have the time or bandwidth. But yeah, that's the only issue that I've seen. Oh God. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Damir Simpovic: So, I was approached by probably one of those. And as soon as they, Figured out that it wasn't just the windows. You know, binary that you install and

Damir Simpovic:  when they actually got, When they understood that it involves. knowledge in at least some knowledge in networking in Linux and

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so that's that's an interesting perspective as well, Damir. So he has a possible as we were canvassing for People that were interested in bringing GPUs onto the Akash network, that they weren't cognizant, that they needed, you know, basic Linux and Kubernetes skills. So again I'm just kind of interested because obviously, if it's documentation issue, then I want to ensure that that's improved Andy and I Andy initially wrote the documentation for the GPU specific portions of the provider build for for testnet and then I brought that into documentation and obviously if we can improve or clarify, Any portions of that? And if we believe that that's a hurdle, then we definitely want to improve it. I just, I haven't been personally approached. So that was The hurdle. But obviously there could be people that are struggling through the process that are just not communicating.

00:30:00

Scott Carruthers:  So, but I was just wondering from the, the group here, if we have any quantified examples of the, that's the hurt or the walker.

Tyler Wright: you know, and I would also say to Damir's Point When we started to see a number, like, a lot of activity early on, in the Working Group GPUs, I think we saw that. It was a fair amount of minors that I think came through Twitter and those folks started to just share their different dpu setups and rigs. And I'm not sure at any point Again they were into understanding that they would have to have basic networking. Skill sets and maybe that specific audience that was very engaged. Early on, this doesn't have that skill set which may be why like while we want to make sure that we continue on with this insider test net.

Tyler Wright:  Maybe it's why it's even more important to find a number of data centers that have GPUs and continue to grow those relationships. So that we have the necessary supply when demand does come online.

Scott Carruthers: Here, makes sense. so yeah, above and beyond Tussnet, and in bringing Gpus into Tesla, my Other thoughts on documentation. In my opinion, if we were to go back a year year and a half ago, the both the documentation and The provider on boarding mechanics, we've progressed tremendously, I saw obviously, all the work that Andy has done with helm charts and so if you went back approximately a year ago before we introduced those methods so as a much more complicated process and also the documentation was a lot more convoluted both because of the process and just because the way the documentation was written. So, I believe that we definitely can make strides to make it clearer. I heard some of this from the, the Prater team and

Scott Carruthers:  Andy and I have discussed this recently, as well, especially in the provider documentation. There's always a balance of providing too much information where You know, it takes users a tremendous amount of time to read through a lot of detail but also we don't want to skimp on the the details. So I think it's a constantly evolving process that again, I think has come. We've made tremendous strides and we're obviously always Very keen and very open to feedback from the community. And anytime we receive places that needs clarification, we always make those maybe as we start to Go further down this path of the open source model. And we go to documentation 2.0. There's there'll be some benefits in that and the people can submit PRS where they believe, clarifications are necessary or additions are necessary. So, yeah, I think we've come a long way but

Scott Carruthers:  and it's also, I would say at the end of the day, it is somewhat of a complicated process, right? So we we want to be very open that people should have basic Kubernetes skills in order to go down the provider build path. So we're trying to document a process that is you know, somewhat complicated. So we will try to make the documentation as clear as we can. But It at the end of the day, it is a complicated process. So yeah, I guess those are. I don't know if anyone has any questions or thoughts on in those regards but we'll constantly speak to improve. And yeah, very much appreciate any

Tyler Wright: I think those are all good points. Um, cool. Does anyone else have anything they want to talk about in general related to providers?

Andrey Arapov: Hey, I just want to say that I've enabled the TLS out of the box on the sandbox provider earlier today. I was a basically taking the assert manager and what it does essentially is, basically I can make client for let's encrypt

Andrey Arapov:  And when you have like, let's say when you're using Clouds Layer or Google Thought or any other more, or less famous DNS providers, you can set up the DNS for one challenge and what it essentially does it like, you know, create the service account and then you configure the Start Manager to use it and it has the access to at the Acme field to your DNS and that's how it can verify that you're the owner of your DNS and thanks to that. It can receive the I mean the lesson grip. Can grant you the certificate for wild card hostname and which is cool because once you're using it whatever you deploy on your provider, get automatically greenish TPS verified by. Let's encrypt and, you know, whoever deploys anything over, like port 80 can already by defaults through which TPS because the caching the rest is listening over HTTP. But as well, the ingress controller.

00:35:00

Andrey Arapov:  So essentially, what the documentation that created does, there is a your specifying, Hey, ingress control, don't use your own like default, Kubernetes fake dummy CA certificate but use the the wild card one and it works, it works out of the box itself updates self renews. Pretty much awesome. There's something that I want to approach. I think a year ago I was creating the issue and then finally found a little time and good motivation and mood to basically kill it because something that already you know it's been too long. Should have been working since long ago. Which is really cool. And yeah, and as opposed to the documentation, Yeah, that's true. All the points of Scott mentioned. He just wanted to highlight that.

Andrey Arapov:  The documentation. Yeah, I mean the provider being by being provider is essentially have to have some skills like Kubernetes. Linux skills, It's not for everyone yet. Definitely you know, Akash is only version 0.20 some 24. And it's something that will evolve this time. And for now it's only like mostly open to more like technical people. And like brighter instructions, I believe will open the world to less technical people but yeah. So so it takes time, you know, and the fact that there will be some people who want it but they can't. So there will be like pro problem potentially complaining on things.

Andrey Arapov:  About the presentation but whoever really like it feels permitted and is able to read from button to top or top to bottom. The documentation is able to actually get things down because it's pretty much step by step and copy paste. Like divorce mistake. You can do is like copy paste, some stuff that you need to actually modify the field in because you probably like skimmed through the docs, not read it, but yeah. I remember a year ago, it was really, really difficult even for me, but yeah, but this time we really improved the dogs. Right, I can't imagine like for any technical person. These dogs Can be any complicated now, I don't think so. It's pretty much straightforward for Kubernetes. We are living somewhere, folks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andrey. Cool. Um, one other thing I want to talk about. I know that at the last sig-providers meeting, we talked about a working group around provider attributes.

Tyler Wright:  We tried to set up a beating. I There was some Overclock had an initial plan of what the thought process would be around provider attributes. And Anil has been working on a spec from that those internal conversations that then we'll share with the wider community or and then get feedback and go for from there. One thing that I think that wants to be included at least in the strategy around provider attributes is GPU attributes, as well. Um, so that's something that is being thought about. I know that it's been a hectic time with some of these meetings, but again, we'll have a provider attributes spec up within the next couple of weeks. And then a working group session for sure, Jigarh Deval and others. I'll make sure that you are aware. So again, you'll see that spec and can give feedback on that spec, and it can be changed and modified. And then from there, we'll have a working group session.

Tyler Wright:  On those provider attributes. Is there anything else that anybody wants to cover related to providers that hasn't been discussed or that folks want to discuss further today?

Tyler Wright:  Cool well again much appreciate the conversation around provider set up and thank you to the Praise board team for the update. I'm going to again make these notes in the recording available to folks. Again, pray to our team. If you need anything related, to help charts over the next month, please feel free to ping, Andre Scott. I know that they're very responsive, It be also great if you can ping sig-providers just in case you need anybody else for visibility. I'll I'll track those channels and we'll make sure That if you need, anybody else besides Andre and Scott, you can get a hold of them.

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Anyway, much appreciate all the efforts that everybody's doing. Again, just want to give a big shout out to Damir, who's again? Been a is a provider on the network large provider on the network and and has a lot of workloads. And again, has been the first person to participate in the GPU insiders. Testnet successfully deploying a provider and again, folks are deploying stable,â€¦

Damir Simpovic: Come on, stop it.

Tyler Wright: diffusion, So so much appreciate engineer so I just while we're recording.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you.

Damir Simpovic:  Thank you.

Tyler Wright: So thank you for all your work and I know that you're also an insider that is looking to get other providers online, so much appreciate you.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Cool, if there's nothing else then we can just end a couple of minutes early again. There is a six support call happening following this. And then again, before this thing, most likely before next before the next sick provider meeting, there will be a network upgrade where providers will also have to upgrade. So, look out for documentation from and announcements from members of Overclock team, including Scott,

Deval Patel: That would be our base transfer us to, you know, upgrade to Ham chart as well, right? So to try to wrap it up with the handshake update, right? So they don't have to you know, to multiple times on our side.

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Yeah. So I'll make sure that we stay close to you on and, and let you know what's going on in real time with the network upgrade, so that we can make timing work.

Jigar Patel: Awesome.

Tyler Wright:  All right, again, six support is happening at about 13 minutes. And then again, if anybody that wants to learn more about the GPU testnet, there's also a user group office hour session. If anybody needs help Setting up a GPU provider or otherwise. But again, everyone have a great day. Thank you all for joining us this morning or whatever time it is for you. Much appreciate all the efforts across everybody in the SIG. Thank you, very everybody. Have a great day.

Jigar Patel: Hey, thanks, guys.

Andrey Arapov: thank you guys, Max

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:44:56 ðŸ‘‹

