
# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Open discussion around GPU Testnet Task 1: Provider Setup
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing.
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers. 


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, June 28, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://2jhvugx5hdjf64c3a7bilpuy3rvlluzkxpxxzkzuiojxdz5le47q.arweave.net/0k9aGv040l9wWwfChb6Y3Gq10yq773yrNEOTceerJz8)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrew Mello
- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Christian Cora
- Cj
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- DVerse
- Jigar Patel
- Julius Haus
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Russell From
- Scott Carruthers
- Shawn Meredith
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes


- Tyler asked if anyone had any questions about GPU Testnet.
- Questions included:
  - Julius and Shawn asked: Is the whitelist shipped by default with praetor?
  - Dverse asked: Does setting up 2 servers with 2 different GPU's require Different Public IP addresses? I have a 4090 in 1 rig and a K80 on a second Rig using Praetor.
    - Andrey answered: DVerse it is better if you use _different_ public ip addresses, otherwise you would need to see if the Ingress & Egress traffic gets properly forwarded. We haven't tested the scenario of running more than a single provider behind the same public IP.
  - Dverse asked: Is it possible to add additional nodes after setup on praetor?
    - Deval answered that you can add nodes before provider setup but there is no way to add nodes with the GUI. Deval offered to help Dverse on discord. 
- Praetor team gave an update on the work that they have been doing.
- Praetor team menitoned that 11 of 18 active GPU providers came via Praetor tool.
- Praetor team has been working on supporting GPU Testnet with Praetor provider tooling, as well as Provider Status.
- Praetor team is working on how to move existing providers on mainnet to the new helm based approach.
- Praetor team is also working on content moderation.
- Praetor team is working on a fix for an issues with the inactive providers tab in the GPU Testnet.
- Deval mentioned that they could share a report on Provider setups inside of discord.
- Andrew Mello gave a demo of Akash Dash, a profitablity calculator he developed. He will give a demo of more work at the next meeting.
- Cheng mentioned that there are still incentives for provider setup available to those that want to claim them. Tell your friends.




### Action Items

- Deval to share a report on provider setups active and inactive.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody. This providers monthly meeting number six. In the Special Interest group for providers, participants discuss everything related to the cost providers both on Mainnet and especially now with the GPU testnet in full Swing and task one, the provider set up task in full swing, we certainly want to open up the provider.

Tyler Wright: Usually as a action item for these meetings we discuss any outstanding provider related items, whether it be documentation out of the providers The prey to our team has been working on number of items that they have gotten community pool funding for. So, during the discussions of Updates from the prayer team on, all the work that they're doing around the Pretor app content, moderation. A number of other things that they've been Tasks with as a part of their community pool. and again this general conversation, as it pertains to running a provider on Mainnet and again the GPU testnet

Tyler Wright: Folks can track what's going on, I'll put it in the chat. There's previous links for meeting notes, transcript, and also recording that you could be found in the Inside out of the last providers meeting that we're preparing for the GPU testnet. There was a lot of conversation with the prey to our team about making sure that they were able to support folks, being able to use prey tour as a path to set up Traitor, A successfully been able to support GPU testnet. Folks, can have the path of setting up a provider via pretor as well as they provide some tooling around provider statuses and some other options on the prey tour tool. So that's what happens out of the last six months are providers monthly meeting number five.

Tyler Wright: And then again there was continued conversation disc or between meetings as we prep for the beginning of the GPU testnet. I know that Jigarh and his team are busy working and things. I think they'll be joining us on a little bit, but did want to take some time again with a task one? Having started last Tuesday. I know there's a number of folks that have set up providers in the GPU testnet. I did want to open up the floor to folks that are participating in GPU test. And it may have questions comments, thoughts that, maybe they want to share with the group at this time.

Tyler Wright: I know that there's documentation that Scott from the core team has developed as a path for folks to set up a provider. And again additionally there are a pretor path that folks have been guided through. I just want to see if anybody's had any trouble with the provider set up. Does anyone have any notes about documentation, the pretor path or anything else related to the GPU provider setup that they want to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Tyler Wright: so it does anyone have their hand up and maybe it's a white dish? By default with Traitor. Julius asked in the chat. It's a white list shipped by default, with pretor. I believe that that's something that's hopefully I can get jigar, default to join us and ask so that's a great question. But As I understood I'm going to ping them again. CJ saying in the chat that it is, I'm gonna ping them again just to see because I know they usually join these meetings.

Tyler Wright: to somebody else in the chat to setting up two servers with two different GPUs require different public, IP addresses. Someone from the core team able to answer that question.

Andrey Arapov: if you have, Different GPUs. the question is you have multiple GPUs from the single node or On a single provider.

Artur Troian: Are you going to take it? Yeah. So There are a few limitations on.

00:05:00

Andrey Arapov: Okay.

Artur Troian: how to use can be allocated the providers of first of all, we seen the note GPUs must be homogeneous, so that means if someone has 800 and a 40, they must be on different modes. Kubernetes doesn't support. neither we do at the stage and so from the same I don't think it's gonna be implemented on the computer side in your future. The reason why it's for Kubernetes, it doesn't distinguish. The GPU types as the schedule resource. So, All of the GPUs. Look, as the resource they will design. However, if you have multiple modes,

Artur Troian: That is completely usable. So different modes might have A completely different GPU types. So for Example, 800 and beyond node, and A40 can be or not B. And both give radius and akash are able to schedule and properly set those resources. I hope it answers the question.

Andrey Arapov: So the question was about the different IP address. I think it's not a requirement, so you don't need to really look like, The secondary IP address for the secondary note is different the pill but you could add, but it doesn't really matter. You can have a single public IP address, it will work because that's how improvisation works basically for the ingress address.

Tyler Wright: Diverse is typing in the chat. I have a 490 and one rig in the k80 on the second rig using pretor.

Artur Troian: Where is that? Which okay, I say.

Artur Troian: sorry, I'm sorry. I completely misunderstood the question and thus setting up to servers with two different GPUs.

Artur Troian: it depends.

Artur Troian: I would say what does mean to servers two different providers?

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, if you have a single provider with two nodes, then it's okay to have a single

Artur Troian: I mean, it's not like requirement in that case, but I think The question is, how?

Artur Troian: What public AP addresses me talking about? They were talking about the APIs. it's probably absolutely different question. If you talk provider and point,

Artur Troian: It has to be different at least from host prospective. And then there should be I don't know, proxy. They're gonna distinguish on which provider to root. I frankly said, I don't quite get the question, it will go.

Andrey Arapov: I think normally is that you have, the registering grass address and all your deployments receive that ingress address and that's enough. And what's underneath doesn't matter, at least one of the worker notes Should have actually the public AP address. That is behind this ingress DNS address and then you will be able to access it. I don't think it's about the IP addresses, but if it's about list IP addresses, then it's Kind of Sameish. You can just configure the list IP addresses and if one of the worker knows has this public IP address. Then it will be accessible.

Artur Troian: Interval. Can you? Is it your question?

Deval Patel: Yeah, so we implemented the prizing crypt and whitelisting. What you guys have with the dates net, and it's running right now. But people have most equation, I mean, we get the question all the time saying that, How do I taste it, right? And when we have to explain them that they need to go and change in the price script, right in order for them to allow that address to do this, right? Because

00:10:00

Deval Patel: About we are not able to implement the same thing with our UI at this point of time, So if we can find something, better solution, then what we have currently, that would be nice. Let us know if we can help out in that any situation then we are happy to help. But yeah, we are working on some of the bugs right now, that's our update. So,

Artur Troian: yeah, I'm still trying to Yeah,…

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yeah. Thank you.

Artur Troian: I'm still trying to get the question. It looks like I'm must be missing something, so I'm going to help if needed in discord that

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think there's two questions that play here. I think. Deval was this answer the question about? Pretor being able to support Whitelisting. And I think he's saying It is, but There is still a manual step to that process. So if anybody has any questions about that manual step, please, feel free to reach out to the prayer team Archer. I think you're responding to a separate question from diverse that's talking about setting up two servers with two different GPUs and I think they are two different providers as Diverse was saying, but trying to require public IP addresses. So I think it's two different questions at play, Andre, and Archer asking the question from diverse I think. Deval was ancient the question from Julius and Sean about White listing,

Artur Troian: I Okay, okay, yeah, sorry about that. I told us that later. diverse, so yeah, once again it's really hard to Frankly, Answer to this question. I think we need to some more information on that. There are a few different entry points into the provider.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yeah, thank you diverse. Yeah. If you can throw that in the GPU Testnet providers channel, then we'll make sure that that question gets answered in more detail.

Tyler Wright: Again, I know that the paper team is working hard on a number of things, so no problem at all about being late. I know that a part of this, providers monthly meetings, we usually get an updates on all the things that the pre-tour team is working on. As they've again, gotten funds from the community pool. I know that's Jigar into all have been working tirelessly on getting pay to be able to support jpu testnet. Again, they've added provider status, our tooling to pray for they've added functionality for white listing as well. I want to give a shout out to shimpa from the community whose been supporting and testing.

Tyler Wright: The setting up a provider on GPU Testnet as well as Mainnet because again, the pre-tor team, just implemented a big change to their system work by enabling Home-based approach for new installs. So, again, there's been a lot of stuff happening from the Pay tour team over the last month or so devolve jigars or anything that I've missed that you want to give the group an update on things that you have been working on over the past month.

Deval Patel: I think your immortal technique, Yeah, so I think what you say is summarize our efforts we are working towards this next success. Yeah. So far I think more than 11 providers out of 18 through the predator, So it's a good success from our side. We are trying to get more and more providers whatever we get, right? And try to resolve that the issues. If anything comes up

Deval Patel: yeah we are fixing some of the bugs here and there, right? And we are working towards making upgrade easy from one version of the helm card to another one. Right? So yeah, that's our effort. We are going right now. As well as their inactive providers, we are not able to see that. So we are aware of that and we are working towards the fix, which Anil mentioned in the discord channel.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yes, good call out. Thank you very much. I was going to mention that as well. Please let us know when that is available, but again, thank you for all the work that you've been doing. Is anyone have any questions for the pray to our team about setups on GPU Testnet or main net that they want to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: Again,…

Deval Patel: All one.

Tyler Wright: I'll go ahead Deval

Deval Patel: Sorry, one thing I mentioned in the earlier with the Scott is that when we try to set up multi-node cluster in terms of, let's say, I have three clusters with the same GPU. I'm not talking about the different kind of GPUs, I'm talking about the same kind of chip use but different class did different nodes and setting up the Kubernetes. I'm not able to do that. I mean I'm able to do that, But out of the three, let's say I have three nodes, right? One being a master or worker master or control plane, and other being too the worker nodes, don't give the GPU to the cluster. that's what we noticed. So, if we are doing anything on that, that would be nice.

Deval Patel: So on diverse. Your question is is it possible to add additional nodes set upon greater? Not after you become the provider, it's possible when you are become deployed, becoming the provider means from the beginning. If you know that you want to add Multinode Cluster then it's possible. Yes. But after set up right we don't have the UI to support that. You can do that. We can help you out, But there is no UI for that.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, de Paul. Does anyone else have any other questions around for pretor?

Tyler Wright: Again, these providers monthly meetings happen believe the fourth Wednesday of every month at the same. Exact time you can again track when the next meetings are in the readme. And again, I pray to our team, does a great job of showing up to these meetings, being able to give an update on all the work that they've been doing and then answer any questions from members of the community. So again, shout out, Jigar DePaul for all the work that they do much appreciated.

Tyler Wright: One thing I also want to just make mention of real fast is cool. I see the Andrew has some updates real quick. I know that Andrey's been working with a member of the community. That's been building a main net provider that same member of the community started discussion. I think Andrey has responded to I just want to make sure that folks in this group are aware that discussion and can participate in the discussion on Github if they want. So, I just want to put that out there.

Tyler Wright: Again, Deval said You could reach out to him on discord if you need him. If you have any questions about anything, our prayer related, Angie, Mello, I see that you have updates you want to share those updates. Now

Tyler Wright: And if you're speaking I can't hear Mike check is failing. You're off mute but I cannot hear you.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if it's just me.

Tyler Wright: Andrew's getting his mic, ready, did anyone else have any questions or comments? Again, feel free to throw them in the chat. Here again, folks from the Insider Bank, our community, as well as spoke from the core. Team are very active in the GPU Provider discord channel, as well as all the discord channels. Making sure that if anybody has any questions comments needs, any support with anything, there's a fair amount of people that can help with providers setups as well from as well as a number of other things related to the testnet. And may not.

Andrew Mello: I think I got it. Can hear me now?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Cool. Yep.

Tyler Wright: Yes again.

Andrew Mello: All…

Andrew Mello: too loud or it's, okay.

Tyler Wright: And volume is good.

Andrew Mello: Okay, thank you. I just wanted to share my screen here. One second.

Andrew Mello: The next does not like sharing one second.

Andrew Mello: It says, I can't share. Tyler my screen.

Andrew Mello: Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, it says, everyone can share their screen. That option is enabled.

Andrew Mello: Okay, let me try one more time.

Andrew Mello: Doesn't like that One moment. Let me try another browser here real quick and then I will just use audio. Otherwise,

Tyler Wright: No worries.

Andrew Mello: Thanks.

Andrew Mello: Linux and all this is never fun.

Tyler Wright: Antibody Doing that.

Andrew Mello: Yeah. All right.

Tyler Wright: I saw we just had somebody else. We've been discussing an update from pretor. We've been answering any questions related to the GPU testing as well as anybody that has any questions or comments about running a provider on the Akash network mainnet. So again there's been some conversation around White listing around setting up providers on Play Tour. No, go ahead.

Andrew Mello: I'm Tyler. Yeah. Can you just give me a hand here?

Tyler Wright: Yes sir.

Andrew Mello: And just navigate to that site and I can just present to what we're looking at here, real easy. All right.

Tyler Wright: Just put a link in there and I can share my screen.

Andrew Mello: so hello I'm Andrew and one of the things I've been working on last month that I wanted to update everyone. At this new meeting was a new provider dashboard to check profitability on a provider and this is for Mainnet at the moment. So this does not include test net providers and just walk through this would be Tyler real real simple. So at the front here, we see a selective provider and that list is gonna be all active main net providers. If you click, it'll get a drop down, you can choose your provider. And then in one button, you'll be able to click Check provider profitability and we track the stacks on the front homepage there, to just kind of see, is it actually getting some usage? And I wanted to present this today because we are getting quite a little bit of usage. I announced this in some of the discord channels but wanted to put this in front of more people. Now we're getting about 300 checks a week which is pretty nice. So Tyler, go ahead and click that check provider Profitab.

Andrew Mello: And so while this runs what it's going to do is check any live main net provider and it's going to use a base number of $100 as the cost basis for profitability. So we see the basic stats presented to us, and there's really just one function of the website if you scroll down there. A bit, you'll see, there is a monthly cost field that can be updated by the user. So basically you would check your provider update, the monthly cost to what it actually is and then you would have accurate statistics for how much your providers making. If you go ahead and change that to 150 Tyler and click on Calculate Profit, you'll see the data above update. once it's rendered,

Andrew Mello: And then, finally, this page is built for sharing and built for social and built to be There, Kind of Forever. One of the unique features on this page is that every provider gets a permalink. So as you can see there on that coffee share URL, that permalink is going to exist all the time. So, it would be great. If providers just bookmark, that URL and they're able to go back and immediately see their profitability Stats. Also, I created to templated tweets to basically share that, about your provider earnings like I'm earning 242 dollars a month, most of the Kubernetes cluster on the apost network and then if you have a community and you want people to be deploying, and you want people to be using your provider, you use the community to get their attention and say, Hey, you can run your apps on my provider. Here's a link to it. here's how to get started. So again, this is just a quick and easy dashboard for providers to access and this is now coming up as basically

Andrew Mello: One or number two search results on Google. When you search for a cost profitability, which is great. And as I said, the real main feature here is the permalinks for providers. So they can just go back, in in a month and a day and check in on how things are going. So that is the little demo of that that I wanted to give today. And next month I'm gonna have another demo. That's quite a bit more robust one for something else. So looking forward to that as well.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you. Andrew, does anyone have any questions? For Andrew.

Andrew Mello: I did want to add one thing here, Tyler, again now that this has been out there while it's stable, it would be great to get this in the ecosystem pages somehow, tweeted out that this exists for providers because it really does. Answer, the fundamental question. Why do people become providers to make profit? how much profit are? They Go to akashdash.com, it's a very simple path for people to understand. So that might help share the love of becoming a provider.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andrew. I'll add some time on the next agenda, for monthly meeting number seven for you to give another demo. But thank you very much. I saw that J, put a comment in asking about a list of providers on successfully been a part of the incentivization, as Anil mentioned, inside the sheet, which is an ives area in the incentive Incentivization document. That's on Github, you can find a spreadsheet that has all the challenges trying to keep that pad up today at account of specific providers. And how many providers have a specific kind of chip and keeping that count up to date. So

Tyler Wright: Again if there's anything that has zero, that's what it's up to date as of right now. I know that there have been some providers that have been online through the weekend and then have dropped off. Again, when the criteria for the incentives is keeping your provider online from the time, you turn the provider through testnet. So that when will week three happens when there's benchmarking. And there's folks that are deploying AI models on to providers, we have a number of providers up. So again that is a criteria for the incentives and so folks that I've had to provide are up and then their providers go on down for significant amount of time are no longer eligible for those rewards. Obviously, there's

Tyler Wright: If there's necessary downtime for maintenance or things that's to be understood, but generally, we're hoping that folks that are like yourself that have set up providers on the GPU. Testnet, are keeping those providers up for a significant amount of time during the testnet, for them to be used, starting July and really starting this week with the SDL Test Test does anyone else have any other questions related to setting up a provider that they haven't gotten answered to this point?

Tyler Wright: CJ, If you want to shoot me a message on discord, I can let you know if you're part of that list, if you received an email to join this meeting, then your submission has successfully been seen and you should be a part of that list, so that is another criteria. I know that Zach, the core team, send out a specific email to those that have submitted for tap one and they're provider, it's still up and running.

Tyler Wright: But yeah, again my name, I'm Tyler Core team. So if you want to reach out to me, I can again check the submission forms and make sure that you're all set.

Tyler Wright: I know that I changed and Boz are also here. I know they've been reaching out to folks to better understand provider experience. So I think if you have been hearing from Chang and getting some questions asked by Cheng, I get his member of the core team that is just Connecting with folks, to better understand the set up experience running a provider on the GPU testnet and then beyond, perfect. I've seen death J, I've seen you, cool. So I'll reach out. And yes, you are on that list.

Tyler Wright: I do want to be conscious of everyone's time. I appreciate everyone join. Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I'm just really quickly chiming in from thank Everyone who have participated us far and everyone who has helped those who have tried to come on, and would be providers. And that was a really cool demo on the particularly Andrew. So, thanks everyone in terms. I just want to mention just for a point of order. We do have incentives running through for providers through all three weeks of testnet. In addition to that there because we haven't hit our kind of top in line. Yet, there is definitely far a lot of incentives to go around for providers and will be providers that are going to join. So, if yourself or anyone else who, and your friends list or whoever else, you think this will be something cool to do. Please do let them know. There are still definitely some Cheddar or Akt to dull out for these tasks.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and nail.

Anil Murty: Yeah, and just to add a couple of other things onto that, one of the things we noticed and this is sort of related to the question, I posed to the radio team about getting that dashboard to show the inactive providers as well. What we noticed was that we had about 20 providers on the testnet on the weekend. And now there's about 18. And there were about 26 GPUs in total and now I think there's about 22. So we're trying to figure out exactly how is happening with these providers that are going offline or the GPUs that are going offline. Is it something that? They're the specific users or the owners of providers are taking those GPS offline on their own? Or is it some sort of bug that is causing these providers and GPS to go offline? because number one,

Anil Murty: we want to make sure that these GPU stay online until we get to the deployment task next week. And the number two, we want to find out if there's any bugs that we can address before we get to maintenance. And the number three is in order for these providers to receive the full incentive, we do want them to be online for the entire entirety of the test. So we'll try to figure out who those providers are in message them on discord, but that's something that we're trying to figure out. So there's something to be aware of

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Go ahead Chimpa.

Damir Simpovic: So, I can answer one that question for you. One of those servers is mine. I was testing the Prater installation process and greater app.

Damir Simpovic: and at that time, The white listing feature was not yet introduced. So I just turned the provider off, I didn't see the point of having it turned on a simply. So that's

Tyler Wright: Again that white Listing feature is available now and in you so I know it's been working because I know folks have been testing out past two and again, my white list, functionality has been working. Go ahead check.

Cheng Wang: And I think one of them was a friend of mine who was trying to set up he's not very well versed and devops or anything like that. So I think he was just trying his best to troubleshoot and figure it out and I think the ball in your team had been helping him. Lots of thank you. And one of them is him, I was just chatting with him last night and this morning, I think he's finally able to get his provider spun back up. And now just about maintaining up time, making sure that he can receive bits.

Tyler Wright: go ahead, Deval

Deval Patel: Yeah, so people say that for various reasons they put their providers down we can produce a report to you Anil that whoever bought their, providers offline. we can give to you right and through the inactive providers. when we actually fix this, right? You will come to see that who are this guys, and stuff like that. Whoever reaches out to us, We are happy to help and, maintain their uptime so far. We have not, or If you any news or bug, The only thing people notices that when they try to deploy or try to taste that taste out there provider on they had to do white list in terms of their own wallet, right? So we

Deval Patel: See how them to do that, And after that they stay up there, So yeah, I also be to use the report If you need it. Yeah.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think that would be great about. You can work in a report and share with the community that be amazing.

Tyler Wright: Saying that you set up your hand up.

Tyler Wright: you're finally fine and Andrew. I saw your question in the chat. I just want to just clarify yet the test. That is incentivized. But again, because there's not using real tokens there, have been folks that have seen that there are GPU providers that are on the network, and then they're just latching on to those providers to do some things that they want to do. That are not to related to the test. That go ahead and

Anil Murty: Yeah, Andrew just to clarify, the incentivization is for people spinning up providers, but the reason we're spinning of the providers is so that legitimate people that have deployed or wanting to deploy AI models, and things that are value are actually deploying them on those. But by these people that are taking up those GPU resources, for mining it leaves, nothing for those legitimate problems, that's what's going on.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other questions comments related to again setting up a provider on a cash main net that hasn't been discussed yet.

Tyler Wright: cool, if there's no other questions and again, we'll continue to have Discussions inside the GPU Testnet Provider title Again. The deployer channel is open for those that want to participate in tasks to SDL builders

Tyler Wright: Task Three and four will begin July 5th. So there'll be a number of more people that will be deploying to, again these GPU providers in the test. Net starting July 5th. Just a quick note to anybody that's setting up a provider of the next couple of days. I'm through the weekend, July 5th, There's That's a biweekly meeting hosted by Arthur and Anil, where folks, go over things that are in the support repo and github, and go over any open issues, Those issues, get triage, Those issues. Get discussed in. More detail. If anybody want from this group or that's working on. Deployer Test has a desire to ask any questions, Feel free to come to that six support meeting next Wednesday, July starting at 9:00 AM where you can ask any questions.

Tyler Wright: following the typical agenda where we triage again, any issues that are in the support repo, And again, if anybody comes across anything related to issues and testnet or in mainnet, please put those in at create new issues inside the support repo with as much detail as possible related to that issue so that the core team can look at it. The issue can be discussed in that six support meeting and then contributions can either come from the core team or a member of the community solve that issue.

Tyler Wright: If there's no other questions and again I'd much appreciate everybody joining this conversation today. Again, big shout out to the pray to our team for all the work that they do. Andrew Mello, thank you for The Quick Demo and the Cost Dash Again. Please feel free to reach out to any member of the community. That's involved in the net provider channels. If you have any questions, thoughts comments related to providers on GPU testnet? Or again, go in the providers channels. If you have any questions related to anything on mainnet? But again, thank you everybody for participating today. Again, we have these every month so please feel free to add any future meetings to the calendar if you want to join. But thank you all have a great day and again steering committee is happening tomorrow so if anybody wants to participate in that monthly meeting the steering committee is happening tomorrow, So everyone have a great day. Thank you all again.

Anil Murty: Thanks Adam.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Jigar Patel: Space.

Deval Patel: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: Etc.

Meeting ended after 00:52:31 👋

