
 # Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Follow up discussion on GPU Provider Setup.
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing.
- Potential demo of new provider tool from cryptoandcoffee. 
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers. 


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 26, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://uhtiiuhhwfdou4iqzzpavcyys5zi7o7zkm4surfahhhqvogmkxia.arweave.net/oeaEUOexRupxEM5eCosYl3KPu_lTOSpEoDnPCrjMVdA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Russell From
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Jigar thanked Shimpa, Andy, Anil, Scott, and others for all of their help with testing.
- Jigar is investigating issues around whitelisting that will have
- Praetor will continue to work on content moderation.
- Old providers that are not in Helm will have an upgrade path, so they can be on helm based.
- Jigar asked if the upgrade communication can be improved, so that Praetor users can have upgrade more quickly.
- Post any upgrade communication to the private praetor channel.
- Starting at Mainnet, Praetor can check what kind of GPUs a user has outside of the attributes.
- The Praetor team has added some fields to their [provider status page](https://akash.praetorapp.com/provider-status?chainid=testnet-02), including GPU type and number of GPUs.
- Adding a way where Praetor can reach out to those providing. This will be an Optional field for providers. This is so that Praetor can reach out to the provider for anything like an Upgrade, feature improvements, etc.
- Anil believes that this is a great idea, because this is a way to be able to reach out to providers for time sensitive needs.
- Anil talked about the uptime of the provider. Some of the target audience may want to put GPUs on the marketplace during a certain period. Anil wants to see if there is a UX solve for those that want to turn on a provider for certain times, so that deployer knows
- Anil wants to have some sort of function to kick off deployers when the provider is going offline during a scheduled time.
- Deval like this idea for an audience of providers. Right now, you can use Provider "notes" to share that information.
- Scheduling of provider on time should on the provider.
- Damir mentioned that deployers would avoid providers without 100% uptime. The tenants may NOT be aware that some providers are not up all the time on purpose.
- Anil hears what Damir is saying about uptime. Clients also need to make it very clear that some providers will come offline at a certain
- Scott talked about bringing GPU spot cycles on Akash. Still need a lot of design consideration for this.
- Scott also clarified that the uptime is not affected, it is the inventory that will be affected. 
- Jigar agrees with Scott that GPU spot instances is the best route for time based providers. Users may be more used to this kind of behavior, because the price may be cheaper for those GPU instances.
- Anil clarified that this work is less on the provider side, and more on the client side.
- Anil mentioned that Overclock is trying to bootstrap demand and supply on the network.
- Initially this may be a manual process, but this is essential for Akash to have a steady state of deployments and p
- Deval asked if there is a timeline of the GPUs on the network.
- Russell From mentioned that he is very interested in fulfilling niche GPU's as a provider. I have provided GPU's with similar requirements for Fluidstack.
- Max is working on wg-provider-attributes. Feel free to contribute in that channel. 



### Action Items

- Follow up on Provider issue with uptime and making sure stats reflect uptime when the provider is SUPPOSED to be on. 
- Anil will start to create a spec to think about Provider uptime. This will be brought up during the next Steering Committee meeting. 
- Anil to add his provider attributes doc to wg-provider-attributes discord channel. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to the Providers Special Interest Monthly Meeting Number Seven. During these provider, special interest group meetings. we discuss everything related to the provider. Both on main net, as well as GPU testnet. The Patriot team who received some community pool funding many months back. Also joins these meetings to answer any questions and also provide updates and all the work that they've been doing supporting a cost on the provider side.

Tyler Wright: There was also somebody from the community that mentioned one to do a demo today. So I've added crypto and coffee to the agenda. I'm not sure if they'll be showing up, but we can go through the typical agenda outside that Most What we talked about usually is again, update from the pretor team on all the work that they've been doing since receiving the funds from the community pool. And then we go into and open discussion, any questions, comments, thoughts from anybody on the call? I know there's been some great conversations in the providers channel as well as the GPU Providers, General, and Sick Providers channel. So, again,

Tyler Wright: Feel free to continue those conversations in those channels but if anybody wants to has any questions? We'll set some time up here and you can also feel free to ask those questions in chat. We can get those discussed

Tyler Wright: Perfect. So again, as we usually start, I know that the pray to our team is being doing a fair amount of work supporting GPU testnet over the last month or so. there have been a number of providers that came online via the pretor tool. So again, it's been successfully tested. I know again, simple who's also in this call, did a great job of supporting testing of the Pay Tour tool, leading up to the GPU test said, to make sure that it was optimized for users that maybe weren't familiar with pretor prior to the GPU test that. So again, Thank you, Jigar and Deval for all you did in supporting GPU, testnet. I know that that required in all hands on deck effort, that may have again, slow down the trajectory of some of the other things that you all were doing related to Mainnet and really do again home.

Tyler Wright: Least approach. But again, Jigarh Deval feel free to give an update and all the things that you all have been working on since we last meant a month ago.

Jigar Patel: Thanks, Absolutely and again, I just wanted to thanks everybody in here and all the community members who supported us in. Testnet are specially The mayor Anil asked Scott and everybody who helped us achieve the test at that. We Imagine. It's gonna be right? So for the updates, we are currently working on upgrading our code to support the main GPUs alongside with the Akash upgrades. We're also investigating a couple of issues. One being the right listing, we had in a testnet so the fix is also going with the minute. And also in this month, we are also into resume our content moderation.

Jigar Patel: At which we paused because of the whole debut testnet upgrade. And if we will be ready by the next month, we'll give you guys to them for that as well.

Jigar Patel: And then one more thing. Our old providers who are not in the ham right now. We're also giving and upgrade fast for them so we'll be working on that as well. because a couple of providers are complaining about that will give them a great part so they can be on a home base upgrade, So we're keen to bring all the non-home providers from Trader to the home base, So that's also something that we gonna work in next month. one more thing that I have a request for Andy and Scott, probably sometimes what happens right now is.

Jigar Patel: whenever there is an upgrade In our providers. They're not patients, So what happened is they just

00:05:00

Jigar Patel: Assume that we will have that upgrade right away in operator and they start complaining about that upgrades and when it's gonna be available operator, So if possible, can we get a heads up? That there is gonna be an upgrade. I mean, in a couple of days, or tomorrow or today at this time, There'll be beneficial for us. And for our providers, whenever and you post a upgrade on provider announcement, They're just assumed that we'll have that communication between us and the core team that we provide that quick upgrade button.

Jigar Patel: Right away, right? So that's something that we wanted to discuss. If we can achieve something like that, just gives us a heads up that Something is coming up, So we'll be where we put a sometime aside to have that operator built into our code base, So Providers can upgrade right away in one quick. And thank you so much.

Scott Carruthers: So Jigar just from my behalf I think in the past any time there's going to be provider upgrades, I definitely will give your team. notices as soon as we're cognizant of the date or the code is heard in with the intent to upgrade. So, Maybe we can improve on that a little bit more. It sounds like there's been some past experiences where That could have been done a little bit better but yeah absolutely my goal and I'm sure the over five part team school would always be to let the printer team the cognizant of when an upgrade is going to happen. so yeah, that's always been my goal and I'll definitely see if we can improve that in any way.

Jigar Patel: Thanks Scott.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I took our just that. I know that he's not here. That's something that we'll talk to Andy about as well because I know that he sometimes very proactive and sees things goes immediately to fix them, but we'll make sure that you all are a part of that process. So that There's not a slowdown for prey to our base, folks that are expecting something in real time. Go ahead and

Anil Murty: Hey So yeah, thanks for bringing that up Jigarette I thought we were already doing this but clearly we need to go and make sure that we do this. So is the best place to let you know, is it okay if you post it to that paid or private channels that we have with you guys? As I find.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. Yeah, that would be great.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Closer to that going forward.

Anil Murty: So we put it up there, maybe, as we're thinking about it, provider update, and then you'll have to heads up, literally the movement, we know, we're gonna be doing it.

Jigar Patel: And one more thing Anil that we talked about Status Page, where we're gonna put a state for inactive providers as well. So, going in a minute, we'll start storing the last state of their like, for right, if the GPU numbers like you say they have a pan GPUs and what kind of GPS they have currently, we do not have this information. how many

Jigar Patel: Single type of GPUs they have. let's say if they have a 30 60, 70 80s 90s, Then we currently cannot get this information on network as API. Call that how many 37 days? They have how many 39 days they have but certainly we have total number of GPUs they have and What kind of GPUs they have right from the attributes, right? So we start showing them in a minute and whenever you can go to the inactive providers and it was able to see how many views they bought in when they were active and what kind of GPS they had whenever you

Anil Murty: That's Really cool. Thank you for doing that and yeah, I think it's on the list at some point support so we already have added support for being able to specify the model in the SDL. So initially if you remember when the very first version of the provided came out for GPU support, there was no support for being able to specify GPU model while you could do is say I want GPUs and that's it. Now we can specify the model. So I think supporting it and making it queryable on chain would be something we would look at In the near term broadband. So talk with the author about that as well. But thank you.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead to both.

Deval Patel: Also we are bringing up but we'll try to, enforce on users or I mean, we'll recommend them to fill it out. For better reachability to them are email address or on a place where we can reach out to them, So we'll provide that via, while they're being provided on Twitter. So that way we can track them if

Tyler Wright: Thank you. I think your mike was a little out,…

Jigar Patel: But yeah.

Tyler Wright: but it sound like you're saying, you have that, you're going to implement a way to check at least an email or some contact information for providers on Pray tour, so that if you need to reach out to them for anything, you're able to sergeant

Jigar Patel: is Yeah, that is correct. I just wanted to say it loud that is going to be optional Field will not enforcing any user. So if you're okay for us to reach out to them for anything, If there is an upgrade, there is major upgrades that's coming in. So we can just reach out to them, arcus a hand to them, help them upgrade their provider into the minute. So we have a kind of, all the forwardists that are up to date, right?

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I was just gonna say that I personally feel like, That's a great idea because at some point I think we would want to support notifications to providers that want them as well because like you said if there's any sort of that security patches or something that need to be applied. for example we found a security patch a couple of days ago about let AMD has applied to some of its hardware that was found by Google researcher so things like that. That have a pretty high time sensitivity. It'll be good to get people's, email address to email them directly rather than expect them to look at discord all the time. So that's great.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. I just threw in the chat, I think Jigarh developed mentioned it. I know that they've been starting to collect the statuses in GPU testnet. Again, they've added some information. Shout out to the pre-tor team, which includes number of GPUs as well as GPU types. So, these are just again additional fields that they're adding to status and again, they'll continue to build out the status area for Mainnet and beyond. So again, shout out to the pretor team for all of their work across a number of different projects. Does anyone on this call have any questions? Comments thoughts for the pretor team. While we have again team members here today.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, this was kind of a generic discussion thing. It's not specifically anything related GPUs, particularly other applies more, maybe to the GP marketplace. Essentially, one of the things that came up during recent conversation with some providers. And maybe you heard of this or thought of this before already. So maybe I'm just slow to catch on, but what we realized is as we think about, potentially this Model where somebody that has leased GPU capacity from another cloud vendor or some data center provider for their own needs. So let's say you're a company and you're pleased, a bunch of GPUs from a data center and you paid for a one year or two year contract and you're committed to this contract in order to get a discount on your GPU cost.

Anil Murty: you have these GPU sitting idle, you're using them, during the 12 hours of your local time zone, maybe in the US and using it for 12 hours and the remaining 12 hours, you've got these things sitting idle and you want to bring them on That is kind of one of the models that we think is pretty attractive for Akash to be able to get more capacity on to the network. So one of the things we realized that is a potential problem with that model, is that today when people look at the uptime of providers, we typically look at the average of time across the entire time that the provider has been up and running, right? So in that situation where

00:15:00

Anil Murty: The provider is going to be taken offline and brought back online on a periodic schedule. So in a situation where somebody wants to keep the CPU capacity, for 12 hours for their own use for their own training of their own models, for example, and then open it up on our cash marketplace for the remaining 12 hours of the day. there needs to be some way of storing that schedule and then checking the uptime only during the time where the provider supposed to be available on Akash and not considering the rest of the time as a quote offline or provided down thing. So that's kind of one piece of feedback. That's something we need to think about how we're going to address. and then the second part of it is just the UX on the provider side to be able to easily turn off, and turn on interrupt any

Anil Murty: so you could potentially have a situation where there are workloads, running on this provider, and the people that sign up to use these providers on the client side and this is more of a client question, but people that decide to use these providers that are not unquote 100% on all the time, need to be aware that they're signing up for such a provider. So, when they're requesting or accepting a bit from this provider, Something needs to be there that says, this is a provider that's not going to be and it wasn't on and all the time. And this is the schedule in your committing design. And so then on the provider side, they should It's user in some sort of user UI or command line option for being able to interrupt and kick off these workloads at the time where the switch over to not being a provider on the caution network. So, some piece of feedback.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead. Jigar, thank you, Anil.

Jigar Patel: Perfect center. I think it's a great idea to attract this providers. but I have a general question is, if you're deploying, if we can, provide this information due to the players, then they can take a better decision, to deploy this one. So or not, right? We can use

Jigar Patel: if you want to introduce any function to the network that create, but in the meantime, what you can do is we can use provider notes that we've already have, right? And you kind of open up that APIs for it's a cloud malls or for you guys to use that APIs and store it sorry, just show it into whenever they try to deploy on GPS. That one of the solution I can think of right now But if you're thinking about to integrate that into the network and then, yeah, that's a different story.

Anil Murty: Yeah, makes sense. Yeah I think that's a good initial way of surfacing of that information. To the providers I think, although the bigger problem is going to be more on the provider side, which is when we go and talk to these providers and tell them. Hey, and we've had a couple of people come to us saying, I'm a company working on an AI product. I have either set up these 10 blades with GPUs A100 in them or have gone and paid Google or somebody like one year contract. And so I would like to bring portion of these duplicity all the same IGP capacity on your network when we're not using it for our own training. And so, I think, in that situation, we need some way of

Anil Murty: When we show these providers of time, either in the clients or in a dashboard like Twitter, we need some way of only counting the time that the provirus supposed to be and it's not something that we can solve on this call. That is going to kind of bring it up as feedback. But your point about the notes makes complete sense and we'll also discuss internally. How we can potentially make it better in terms of being to be able to query. I don't know if it makes sense to make it an attribute or something else, but I think by the provider when they set up the provider or having a programmed by the provider and then changeable over time would probably make the most sense.

Tyler Wright: So I'm just taking some notes from the background. Thank you for bringing up those points. Does anyone else have any comments thoughts about whether Anil to garbage is talking about?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: that is an action item that again. I know that, mentioned it said we're not gonna be able to solve it today but this is something that will certainly track. Go ahead, Damir.

Damir Simpovic: just my two cents about this whole in the past, there's been

Damir Simpovic: the way things have been working is basically the tenants would completely avoid providers. That don't have 100% uptime and they would have zero leases

Damir Simpovic: Not sure. if we even want to push this agenda, simply because the tenants might not be aware that some providers are Really up all the time. And unless the information has sort of been pushed into their face. there's a good chance they will miss.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Go ahead. I'm sorry. I didn't know I didn't see the order and the element Scott.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I'll keep it pretty brief and then Scott you can go. So damir, I think you hit upon the point perfectly, which is one of the big challenges we have right now in getting these providers that have a computer capacity that they're not really providers. They're actually tenants who have purchase computing from somewhere else and now they're like Okay how can I get the most out of this when I'm not utilizing it. So, in order to attract them, we have to solve this problem. I feel

Anil Murty: But your point today the way things are set up. if they brought database capacity to our network nobody would leave them because within a couple of weeks they would show basically 50% downtime assuming that this provider is like using it or they're using their own compute for half of the time and losing our cash from another time, It was So basically at least a solution in our mind is they need to be something on the provider side that via the providers can specify what their schedule is going to be like and then Locate any dashboards, or clients and locate or calculate of time need to take that into account before, displaying up time for those specific providers. Now, to your second point, It's still doesn't imply that the tenants are going to get it. So I feel like we need to again, have a conversation with the clients where they need to be clear Daily nation between. So when you get provided back, Maybe there's a comment switch or something that says Show me providers that are

Anil Murty: 100% providers that are part-time providers, something like that. I'm just coming up with names yet, But to your point, It's not an easy problem, both from a technical standpoint, as well as from a UX standpoint. Okay, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you in there. We'll go Scott and then Jigar. Go ahead. Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so just a couple of quick thoughts and one night agree with the point that anyone made earlier that we don't need to solve this or we cannot sell this on this call. This obviously a rather complicated design consideration from a provider and client perspective. So I think Overarching theme here. Is it obviously be very attractive if we could bring GPU spot pricing the Akash network and obviously there's a lot involved to make that happen. But obviously that would be very powerful if we can introduce that ability in the future for people to monetize unused GPU cycles. If they're on using them for 12 hours a day to monetize the 12 hours that they said, idle in probably the weather attractive, pricing the tenants would get soft so that would be Brother attractive feature, but a lot of design consideration, go into that from what the provider and the client perspective.

Scott Carruthers: So it based on that, I don't think that we really need to deep dive into this all that much more. But just on the small point of the provider of time, the thing that we need to consider there is when a Cost provider is created a status APA on point. is hosted on that provider and today the uptime for a provider is based on the response of that status endpoint. So what we're currently talking about, what? Actually not impacts provider uptime at all. It would only impact the availability of resources on that provider. So in other words, if they're bringing GPUs off of the provider and inventory, that's not going to affect the provider uptime. So again, smaller point now, I think it's really overly important but just making the point that what we're currently talking about, we would not have to solve for provider uptime. That would kind of be inherently

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers: Solve the status endpoint would still be up. It's just the inventory. That would not be available.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, We'll go jigar and then we'll go and deal right after

Jigar Patel: Yeah, actually I agree with the Scott. I think, if we provide a liquidity prices for auto providers, Who are running on, time basis, So just think about this way, Spot interested in AWS, They can take away your spot and anytime, but you get 60% discount on GPUs, So if I wanted to run a moral on any certain GPUs, then I can just go ahead and run model on a cheaper prices because they are available right now. But they might not available at three, three off three and afternoon, right? But I just need for one hour so I can go and take that you run my model and get the result and get done with it right off. What?

Jigar Patel: again right, we're talking about whole lot of different aspect of the network needs to be changed on this, So I think might not be we cannot do and discussing one call.

Tyler Wright: Thanks. Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that makes complete sense. What you said, Jigar and Scott. Thanks for clarifying that. that makes sense as well. So basically what you're saying is it's less work on the provider side, and more of a client side, really, because they're already is The I status API that's hosted on the provider that would basically indicate that it's not actually serving resources during the time that it's taken offline. So, as long as the provider and has, provide ideas to the Schedule that they have communicated to the, whatever and API or interface be exposed. That is then shown to the clients. And then it's clear the clients that they are going to get a significant discount.

Anil Murty: If they choose to opt to these top for these providers that are not 100% on the available all the time, then the potentially have a solution. But yeah, there's a good discussion, I think, unless there's any series objections to this, I'm gonna see if I can carve out some time to start working on some kind of a draft pick for this because I think we are overall at least in our core team. They're very Interested in pursuing this path of trying to get, people with idle compute capacity that are not, traditionally providers but are looking to make the most of the money that they're spending.

Tyler Wright: It's thank you, okay so I'm gonna add as an action, I am that I know again GPU Testament, we're marching towards Mainnet amongst the number of other things so I know there's a number of priorities that Anil and others are juggling but I'll add as an action item that Anil will start to carve out of document. I know this many touches clients as such as providers a little bit. It worth having a working group that gets created around this or too soon to start talking about that. Just want to get some input from folks on this call.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and

Anil Murty: Yes, I think typically what we do is we just have a conversation or one of the CIGS or about some topic and my test or not it, if it is more relevant to another seeing then we, bring it up in the steering committee and create either work group or specific thing. So if you feel like this is more related to the clients and we can make part of the clients in and we can talk about it during the steering committee as well. I'll bring it up.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Excellent.

Tyler Wright: All Again, I know we're supposed to have a demo today, doesn't look like person. I was going to be given demo is here. I'd ping them prior Yeah. Is there any other writer related questions or topics? Anybody wants to discuss here? Right now with some folks live.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I know I'm being here for the topics but just something we've already talked about in smaller groups. I think is a big focus at least for the next few weeks is going to be outside of getting ready for Upgrade is going to be to try to make sure that we have enough providers coming up on the main in the first tier of

Anil Murty: Is to make sure that everybody that participated in the testnet, that was a good provider. Meaning they stayed up for if not all of the time and they were able to manage their own provider. We want to make sure that those folks get on the maintenance. So we're doing everything we can to make that happen. So if you have any information or feedback on any of that, please pass it on to us or to discord. And then the second thing is, we're also very focused on making sure that the bootstrap demand for GPU workloads as well. So we are having conversations with the view. companies, that you're looking for. either a specific model that they cannot find somewhere else or lower cost than what they can get somewhere else. And we're making sure that we match them up with providers, who are able to provide that

Anil Murty: To them and initially, it might be a very manual process, manually and Both sides of this equation and match up tenants would providers. And in some cases, just have the tenant use that one provider but this is, I think essential for us to get to a point where we have

Anil Murty: kind of steady state, workloads being deployed and any number of providers on the main team for GP is at least. So I just wanted to put that out there. I know we've talked about just another calls as well.

Tyler Wright: Thank you in there. Go ahead the ball.

Deval Patel: Do we have any rough timeline that when we gonna be up for GPU main net? I mean,

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and

Anil Murty: Right now we are tracking last. We had circuit, we were talking for submitting, the governance proposal for this sometime around the 30 week or the 31st, and then potentially looking at a main date, upgrade the week of seventh that's kind of what we were talking for. But if things slip in the next few days will certainly keep you posted.

Tyler Wright: I see Russell put a message in the Russell, do you want to speak to I maybe may not be in a place where you can talk which is no problem but we can certainly follow up. Okay.

Russell From: I can check quick, I was meant to meet with Neil yesterday but I'm no stranger to the space and that's something that I'm familiar with from other platforms. And I'm very interested in those discussions here with providing those as a provider on Akash whether it's certain GPUs that are needed or just an oddball configuration that they can't find from another provider.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Russell. I'm sure again, we'll follow up with folks, again, to Anil's Point. There have been a number of people from the insiders and vanguards community that have all been ing. The submissions for the Akash GPU, incentivize Testament for the folks that participated in that test that We should received receiving messages, either be a discord or email very shortly with.

Tyler Wright: With the status of the completed review of setting up the provider Testnet, as well as instructions that they have not participated in testing before they will have to pull out Kyc and then we will set up a call as a follow-up call is Anil. Just mentioned to make sure that anybody that's set up GPU provider during the testnet, we're pushing towards becoming a provider on the main net when the upgrade happens, sometime shortly. So again look out for those emails or again a direct message and discord for us to follow up with those that have set up providers. And again there's also some folks on this call out of the tests that there were some

Tyler Wright: Those bugs are currently being tested. And then there is a group of folks. Again, many of whom are on this call, that will be doing some extensive testing of the provider and deployment over the next couple of days. Yep, Russell Wilson, certainly follow up with you, but I think all things look good on that front. But, again, thank you for all those that are participated that participate in the GPU testing to be got a wide range of GPUs that will be able to bring online be able to deploy on. So again, thank you to all the folks here folks. Listening in that participated in that test that

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: There are just a clarification state. If anybody has GPUs on the current test that they want to break down, feel free to do. So there are some folks that are keeping those GPUs up and just testing a number of things. You can also do that, right now that the Incentivization is again, no longer happening. But there are some folks that were reaching out, to bring on some CPUs and some GPUs into another environment over next day or so, for us to do some extensive testing as they move towards mainland,

Tyler Wright: Anything else on the provider side that hasn't been covered that anybody wants to cover?

Tyler Wright: go ahead. Max.

Max: Hey m I wasn't there at the beginning of the meeting but just wanted to let everyone know that I'm currently working on the provider attributes, schema and Saturn. So I don't have it ready for to show right now. But if you want to contribute to it, I'll post the updates in the working group.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Max. All right, give you a couple hand claps for that much appreciated. Again, As mentioned, I know some folks have wanted to participate in that. I know that ideal led the way, but I've been working a number of things, and we've obviously much appreciated. Max picking it up and continuing to push it along. So if anybody wants to contribute feel free and I work in group, Go ahead and Neil.

Anil Murty: Yeah and I guess Max if it's okay I'm happy to just post that document that I shared with you on the channel as well. If other people want to look at it,

Max: Yeah, sure, I based myself a lot from it and there's some changes but Yeah. It's mostly what's in there?

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds good. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Excellent again. Thank you Max.

Tyler Wright: I know there's again, some of the conversations that we've had today which is great. Conversation, Neil will bring up during committee tomorrow. If you look to think about some of these topics around provider uptime, and again, some of these audiences that might want to have a provider with inventory online for specific periods of the day. So we'll follow up on some of those action item for a follow-up on that during steering committee and then have some action items ensure from the steering committee. Obviously, always appreciate the updates from Pray tour on all the work that they've been doing again with GPU, testnet on Mainnet, certainly as an action item will follow up to make sure that again, any upgrades large get communicated in real, time to the pray to our team, be a discord. And then again, I'll follow up with Andre to make. Sure. I know Andre would normally be on this call, but it's handling some personal

Tyler Wright: Business today. So again we'll follow up with him offline and make sure that that's clear across the organization. And again, the community And then again, another shout out to Max for all the work that he's doing Obviously with cloud modes, but then again working on the provider attributes. So if anybody wants to participate and support those efforts, feel free to join the Working Group, Provider Attributes, discord channel. again much appreciate the conversation for those that participated in the GPU. Testnet, just make sure to check out your email and discord over the next couple of days if there's any questions about. Again your submission or any next steps. Will make sure to follow up to set up meetings with many of you all. And then again I'll start to distribute rewards.

Tyler Wright: But again, thank you all for participating in the providers monthly meeting number seven, feel free to continue conversations inside discord in the providers channel, some of the working groups, always enjoy this big because, again, great conversation, great participation. So feel free to join every month. Ask any questions, leave any comments and again, much appreciated everybody here and everyone listening again. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day. Thank you.

00:40:00

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

Deval Patel: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:40:32 👋

