 # Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

## Agenda

- Follow up discussion on GPU Provider Setup.
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing. 
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers. 


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 25th, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://2aefpzwgiwj6jzkl5fdsn7us3pjprpnpkoqqrrsu6bjaukktnxya.arweave.net/0AhX5sZFk-TlS-lHJv6S29L4va9ToQjGVPBSCilTbfA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Benjamin B
- Byan
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- Julius Haus
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Samuel Walker
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Ross




## Notes


- Benjamin shared some information on a provider auditing tool that he and his brother submitted for the Akash-a-thon.
- Benjamin shared some strategies that he created which are easy to introduce to price scripts. ould be worth looking into deval: https://github.com/figurestudios/designing-price-script-guide.
- Sam Walker asked where the tool will be hosted. Almost everything will be powered by Akash.
- Sam Walker mentioned an issue that he found https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/137. Tyler mentioned that this issue was talked about during sig-support biweekly meeting #20. 
- Deval gave an update on Content moderation.
- Wallet addresses can be blocked. Deval showed a demo.
- Shimpa asked what would happen if the naming was being changed.
- Zach mentioned that he has been using Andrew Mello's chaperone OS tool for a couple of weeks.
- Andrey mentioned Praetor's solution will be the first line defense to filter out the bad images so the provider won't bid. Chaperone service is a deeper solution.
- Samuel mentioned some of his kubernetes experience.
- The group talked about Andrew Mello's chaperone tool: https://github.com/cryptoandcoffee/akashos/blob/main/chaperone.py .
- Samuel mentioned some tools they are using including https://kyverno.io/ and https://www.openpolicyagent.org/ .

### Action Items:

- Group will continue to monitor the content moderation work over the next month.
- Ben and His brother will share market research and open up discussion on audit tools.
- Chaperone tool will continue to be worked on by Andrew Mello.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to provide a special interest group monthly meeting number 10. During these monthly meetings. We discuss all things related to the provider on the Akash Network. We usually get a large participation of folks that are supporting providers and Beyond so much appreciate this group. I know there's also been some community pool. That has been granted to the pretor team for a lot of work that they've been doing over years of again building quick and easy tooling for those are trying to become providers on the Akash Network. So we monitor the work that they've been doing in the progress that they have whether it be related to basic pray to our functionality or specifically some work that's been coming out of the working group for the content moderation and some of the API work that they've been doing.

Tyler Wright: I know that Benjamin's also here and talked about a topic that he wanted to bring up related to auditing providers. And so I do want to give him some time to talk and give a presentation if If there's anybody else that has any specific action items or talking points that they want to bring up feel free to do so. Go ahead Deval.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so I'm getting ready for the partial demo of the things what we are building right? Meanwhile if somebody can go ahead and do something. I mean give the demo benjaminers here off whatever he wants to show for next five ten minutes, That could be nice right? Meanwhile, I can prepare the provider to I'll show you guys something, okay?

Tyler Wright: I appreciate that. And I just want to shout out. I don't know how public this information is, but I believe developed a new father. So congratulations on that. I know it's been a hectic time for you over the past couple of weeks.

Deval Patel: Yeah, thank you.

Tyler Wright: Congratulations.

Tyler Wright: excellent Andrey I know that you've been working with a number of folks in the community and again we've gotten some updates recently from Andrew Mello. I was hoping that he'd be able to attend this meeting because again, he's been working on some cooling that we talked about at a high level at the last thing providers monthly meeting related to chaperone tools and some automated content moderation tools that he's been building but Ben are you able to kind of discuss what you've been thinking about and working with and get some feedback from The Specialist Group or do you need some more time as well? And then we can talk about some other topics in the meantime.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I could take my account.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Yeah, so I'll hand it over to you and you can walk us through what you've been thinking about.

Benjamin B: also

Benjamin B: Can you see my screen now on Discord?

Benjamin B: awesome I don't have much of a presentation really andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes, yes.

Benjamin B: I don't really have that much to discuss. I'm hoping that people will come with feedback or questions. But basically me and my brother we created a small. proof of Concepts we created an idea for how a track providers Automatically we could track their online. we could train that we could Benchmark them. And we could save the historic data to using other systems.

Benjamin B: And our hopes for this product were to create an auditor that automatically all the time on the different levels. So let's say how the Other deployment in mind you don't really care about uptime being close to 100% but you still want it to be on a somewhat reliable provider. So what we could do here we could have.

Benjamin B: this related to this we could have something like if a provider has been online more than 90% We can sign them with one address if they have been online. 95% we could sign them with another address and every piece of data we can collect we can create. One address where we sign them for that and then you could create really flexible filtering. We would also want to eventually collect and create some historic data, so if you wanted to see How old is this provided really? This goes hand in hand with start page, by the way. Basically if you have the data in your hands or if you can access the tools. to access that data

00:05:00

Benjamin B: you can make better assumptions than just trusting in auditor. Blindly, this older has signs this provider. Of course, I will trust them because I trust all that. This is not really that. and these ones are used ideas for now we Haven't even considered those that much I want to also share this video. I will share with me shout as well. I go in explaining how it works a bit more. where it is used and how

Benjamin B: Which you can watch later the project is not active now, but if we get enough feedback if we get enough. Discussion around it and interest maybe we will restart it again. We initially created it for the hackathon. But we were very disappointed seeing there was one project created over a year ago and somehow it won the hackathon.

Benjamin B: Was anyone have any questions or ideas?

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again, if anybody has any additional questions comments about what then Ben is talking about, please take a look at the YouTube video that he dropped in the chat and again, feel free to leave feedback in providers. One of the main things that we're trying to do with many of these special interest groups is trying to connect people that may have whether it be businesses or pray to our team. Will there be ideas like Benjamin, and his brother are kind of trying to figure out what's next. It would be great.

Tyler Wright: It would be great to again get additional feedback. We also have a number of folks on this call that are running providers whether it be CPU provided to GP providers on the network of various sizes so much. Appreciate everyone on this Samuel Walker left a message Ben in the chat

Benjamin B: Do you mean where it would be host? Because if it's that case most of the services will be holding on the coach. I believe. The only thing we did not toast in a car was the front end. As well as the database but database could. Definitely be run on a coach.

Tyler Wright: Thank you again. we're in the process of I know that out of the last six providers meeting. There's been a great job conversation around content moderation. The pretor team has been working on some content moderation solutions that they're going to be demoing over the next couple of minutes to just finalizing some things right now while we wait does anyone else have any other provider related issues comments? I know is Andre on this call. He is not too. yes. Yes. I know that andrey's been very active with folks of various sides in the community Andre not to put you on the spot. But while we're waiting, is there anything of note that maybe you want to talk about provider-wise that might be good for folks of that are running providers and they cost Network.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just make sure you follow the announcements from the provider announcement in the Discord and we'll be good. Other than that I could have any issues just is normal as usual just writing a providers Channel. Let me know directly. However you want other than that providers have been running quite smoothly a couple of providers. I mentioned another call had some issues but mostly firewall related issues the nibble of block and Andrey, but they fix this issues. And not long ago damir had some Yeshiva. I believe it's related to the other attended upgrades been enabled. This kind of thing was causing a lot of havoc. For the annuity enabled providers where a media plugging was getting stuck and was causing the entire convergence cluster.

00:10:00

Andrey Arapov: You get stuck on basically I couldn't remove that new deployments and those more kind of subtle issues unless you go in and check the cluster and it's solved by basically disabling the upgrades and they're putting the provider and all but three years ago. since then that time haven't had any reports related to that and

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you Andrey.

Tyler Wright: Samuel, I know you can't talk right now. that you brought that issue up. we actually talked about this issue. There's another number of special interest groups that happened providers is obviously one that's focused on providers on the cost Network. We do have a weekly specialist group called support where we go through all the Open tickets in the support repo, which is related to core product. We triage those issues. That's where a lot of members of the Court team come together and triage any issues. We look for members of the community to see if they can help solve any of these issues and Implement Solutions via code. But again, we talk to community about specific issues that issue number 137. That's your talk about related to the providers. I believe it's a known issue. We're trying to see and we talked about this a little bit during the court.

Tyler Wright: That might actually be a duplicate issue, but that's something that we're looking to solve in the next couple of weeks with some potential tooling. But again, I'm going to reach out to you offline and make sure that you have access to the video from the six support meeting so you can kind of see what was talked about related to one issue 137, but we can also again talk async if you have any more questions details or in cool

Tyler Wright: guys want to mention the ball and all the work that he and degar have done with pretor which again is a easy way for folks that are trying to set up a provider to do so be doing tool the prey to our team has worked very closely within the community group structure working within again, some of the inaugural working groups around content moderation as well as being a large contributor in sick clients and providers. So they've been again working very closely with members of the community and the core team they've been very active during test Nets, obviously as we let up to mainnetics there was a lot of work that had to get done.

Tyler Wright: For folks to be able to deploy gpus on the Akash Network a number of folks that think over 50% of the community uses. Prey towards a tool versus the CLI to set up a provider. So again, the Preorder team is very Hands-On very communicative and really a great support in helping during that test that period and Beyond so just want to shout them out before they show all the progress that they've made on content moderation.

Deval Patel: Thank you Yeah, so in gender content moderation, there were three things to moderate at this point of time. the wallet addresses second was images and that is A host means of where the URLs to be hosted and stuff like that, So first thing I wanted to show you guys in terms of wallet blocking, right?

Deval Patel: Through the deploy tool cloudmos, what I have done is that we have deployed our modified version of Provider service in this left hand side what you can see These are the logs, right? And basically from the locks you can tell right what you can see basically here are particular line and I'm going to highlight this right' this wallet address is the only wallet it is allowed but found this wallet address, right so somebody tried to deploy something right, but we got created because that wallet address is blocked, And yes, as you can see here, right? I'm going to do the same thing here read apply to

00:15:00

Deval Patel: Yeah, so as you can see here, these are two lines, Which matters right which is blocking the wallet address I know that the wallet address blocking is there right in

Deval Patel: Price scripting right but we are replacing this with the allow list as Right which is going to be implemented soon as well as this one, right? So yeah it's similarly applies the rules that here. We are blocking it. Right? And other thing is that where we can allow specific qualities only to be hosted on the provider. So those things gonna happen right as you can see here right now, we are blocking it. Right but similar things you can do is that we can allow the wallets to be there. So yeah, that's number one thing what we have done And as can you be able to see that not our provider has been here Our provided is something Neo doctors.com, right which is not here and it's on my favorite list as well. Right? So as you can see

Deval Patel: sign of Provider here Yeah, so that's something what we did for the blocking the car allowing the wallet address. I'm going to close this list and switch over to the wallet address, which actually allows.

Deval Patel: Of the wallet address, And as you can see here, this wallet address here right is ending with KJ and zero seven, right and here it says clearly that only this wallet interest is allowed to be hosted on this Provider right cage engines and 07 right?

Deval Patel: Im let me deploy. This one because I want to show you something else but on that too. remove this accept list for now right and going to go with the employment

Deval Patel: In this case, what should happen is that should complete means our bid should come here, right and you will notice that We do not have any error at this point of time There should be somewhere a bit complete message.

Deval Patel: It because of some RPC. Let me just That happens sometimes I'm not sure but I'm going to talk to Andreas that so yeah, there was some bug like we came in right and the fabric I'll show this thing to entry after the meeting. for Scott

Deval Patel: Yeah here it says the build field But here I can see my provider actually made it. Anyways, I'm going to accept this page for now, right because this purpose the segment of the demo is to show you guys that we are blocking the image right any image right now, just to show you guys the demo right? We have blocking the image, which is a calculatics actually right anything to do with the Athletics. We are blocking it right not to show you guys anything with actually content or something, right? So we are blocking the accusatics thing. once we deploy

Deval Patel: so here, It says the error while sending the Manifest for the provider image name contains the accolatics which is not allowed right and that way we are basically blocking the image, right and we're not allowing manifest to be Posted on this provider So I don't think I mean no explicit content are any content which you don't like or which you don't want to like to host it right? We will not be hosted right then that's a demo for the image blocking. our image a lot Okay.

00:20:00

Deval Patel: I'm going to close this at this point of time because this list will not be hosted and will not be up and running right. I want to mention here is that there is another part in the moderation API, which is called management API where provider will be able to close the lease as well. Right? And if that happens then here right now manually deploy has to manually close the lease, If that happens then provider we be able to close the lease as well. Right? And that's something it came out from the working group and we are going to implement that as well coming days. Okay, so that was a segment to which is blocking the images, right?

Deval Patel: let if I don't have the image, which is a Catholics. Let's say I have Tetris came right? I'm going to deploy this right but notice here.

Deval Patel: Guys, I'm going to say that anything with the case code is calm as in host name, right? I'm going to block it because that's providing my profile domain name, right? And I don't want to host anything on my provider domain basically, right other than the other thing other things can be word related on Etc or stuff like that or anything which you do not want to entertain on your provider, right that can be too. Okay. So I'm going to say here that I don't want anything to be hosted regarding anything to face.com which is why domain And going to deploy this right? So as soon as I said click on this

Deval Patel: Yeah, it says bead Complete because I use the Allowed wallet address right? So paid is complete. I'm going to use this wallet address at this point of time. I'm into deploy the Manifest will go through this time because for it as it searches for word accostatics, which is not that right and that Trace is allowed but it will give me another error saying that host him contains a scooters, right which is not allowed at this point of time. So basically my manifest did not go through right and I can close this list because anyways this police is dormant. There is no actual deployment running behind it. Right? So I'm going to close this.

Deval Patel: And successful scenario means that any of these things does You means I have my wallet address whitelisted. I have my image white listed, right and I'm not using the Illegal or blocked domain and that would be Predator app.com, So let's say I have the preterite.com domain name, right? And if I want to host that here right that I should be able to do that.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so bit got complete means the page should come here. Right and I can accept speed. From my provider and going to accept it. So now the image passes the domain name passes the blocking list, right? So that should successfully deploy the project or the game.

Deval Patel: And as you can see here, I can go to this thing or here and I can play the game, right?

00:25:00

Deval Patel: yeah,

Deval Patel: This is the progress of so far of we have made going to update the thing which can be more dynamically and allow this block and disabled things to be allowed from greater app itself. And as well as the CID tax, that's what we are looking at this point of time right now as well. As we are going to implement the management API in next few days actually and going to release this updated version of the provider service and give it to the taste testing to the core team and internal people means to me or other people can test out right and once they are happy and to the basement we can push it to the main net. That's the plan at this point of time. Yeah. I'm open for the questions if

Deval Patel: had

Tyler Wright: Don't have Andrey.

Andrey Arapov: Is it like they do modify the provider code or used something else?

Deval Patel: No, I'm being modified provider code.

Andrey Arapov: ICI reporting to submit the full requests for the Upstream.

Deval Patel: Yes, we are going to submit the pull request as soon as we had done with satisfactory with the dynamic codes in terms of cids updateable as well as we are done with the allow and block list both and things like that. It will take a couple of days.

Andrey Arapov: Okay, fantastic work.

Deval Patel: But yes, we are going to put the question.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you very much for the main come for work. Looking forward to pairs.

Deval Patel: Yeah, thank you. So that the plan like we did this and I'm not sure and it is here in the call or not. But what we would like to do like we would have liked to do is that we would have gone to the provider service you wanted to understand how to provide a service code is written and things like that and that way in future if anything happens if there is a more work towards the coordinator service and if we are able to contribute then we would be able to conflict we would like to contribute that was the nature of this exercise to do.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think Deval to that point. I believe you have access to a

Tyler Wright: Issue inside the Akash project roadmap specifically for Content moderation. I know a Neil would like to been hereâ€¦

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: but has a conflict today. If you can update that issue with some of the things that you mentioned here and then I'm going to drop in the notes in the video. That'd be great reference point. So a Neil can catch up and get next steps and we could talk about again further support of provided services and content moderation.

Deval Patel: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: Benjamin National sorry had your hand up. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Yes, I was going to bring those up much appreciated. I had these to the notes but Ben dropped in some strategies that I think he created around the price script that might be worth looking at them. And again, I think members of the core team also be looking at those and then Benjamin asks sdl can be valid with a lot of weird characters that are not recognized could apis be circumvented by some weird characters and that's something that Andrey was all so mentioning you might be worth testing. To follow the ebony direct comments related to testing some of these nuanced cases with weird characters.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so our proof take this request and consultation as Right and our priority will be fulfill whatever the work came out of the working group first, right? Once that is done hundred percent, We will entertain all the requests which comes through this call or any means right and we will examine that our real need of that and we'll make the call definitely.

Deval Patel: I hope that answers you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yeah, thank you very much. Does anyone else have any questions about any of the updates that the prior team has been working on as pertains to contact moderation and management in moderation apis?

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: cool

Tyler Wright: I want to be conscious of folks time, but I do want to because there are so many important members of the community here, especially on the provider side. I do want to see if there's any other topics related to the provider experience that anybody wants to bring up now, again, there's so many talented folks here that are running large clusters of either GPU providers have been on the network for a long time and maybe some of if not the first gpus to be run on the network again. I'm not gonna call anybody out by name and But there's a number of people in this call that are very intimate with the provider experience. I just want to see if there's any other talking points any other topics worth discussing or anything next that should be potentially a high discuss and point after content moderation that anybody wants to start to bring up right now.

Damir Simpovic: May I sorry I didn't raise my hand.

Tyler Wright: Of course. No, go ahead.

Damir Simpovic: so hi folks. What happens if? somebody just clones the image in for instance. We saw now that you're blocking the akashlytics what happens if somebody just takes this image renames it?

Damir Simpovic: just uses the same exact image. But it has a different name.

Damir Simpovic: I'm guessing that that image would still run. But yeah.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, damiro. I think you're pretty much right. I think that they are escaping based on the image name of this room, and I just want to mention that the other day. I was trying to run o. My minor on Foundry provider things is here. And they basically were just killing the process even when I found into the typical simply Ubuntu image container running and then I just like run XM rate. I was just getting killed. So there are some systems that can be employed in your very faster. We should be monitoring this kind of things and I'm not sure exactly what solution they are using. Maybe is that can give such some more lights on that nice.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so on that part, I think the tooling what I entry model had right would be helpful or that is now I think under Community as well. Right and we can expand that are to address the school. Another thing is that let's say we are going to give the management API where they can look into the content of the

Deval Patel: Image are things like that. Right and they will be able to close that as well.

Tyler Wright: I saw Zach put a message in the chat. Zach are you or any other providers currently using The Chaperone service from Andrew Miller? I know that Andrew has it running on some of his providers, but I just want to see if anybody else's been able to run it and has any experience with it. Hoping Andrew would be on this call.

Zach Ross: Yeah, I've been running it for the last couple weeks actually.

Tyler Wright: excellent

Zach Ross: Let me pull it up really quick. But basically it in its current state will look for specific images file types andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Zach Ross: processes and delete the namespace for the lease if it doesn't like what it sees with respect to you can list out your own kind of file types to look for. so

Zach Ross: for example My company was not all that enthusiastic about some of the Ubuntu images that were being run on our provider that were kind of playing around with SSH Keys. It looked like so I was able to ban any kind of sshd file types which on the one hand has caused good acting leases to get terminated. but I think it allows us to be able to worry a bunch less. Like Andrew said on the last meeting.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you very much Zach for timing. I appreciate that.

Scott Carruthers: Is Zach I'm sorry. I think I missed the very beginning part of that. what was the necessity for images that are including SSH

Zach Ross: so it checks for The Chaperone service checks for keyword files image names and general processes that are going on in the cluster. let me link the file to you guys. I can find it really quick. a bareback

Tyler Wright: No problem. Again, while Zach is handling that if anybody has any other topics of discussion again, this has been a very active group. I would love for there to be a priority list of things that folks on the provider community on the cost Network want to handle obviously Beyond content moderation. There's a number of things that I think that can be improved or go ahead Zach.

Zach Ross: Yeah, so just linked it right there. Another thing that

Tyler Wright: Zach, Your signal might have broken up a little bit.

Zach Ross: it's

Tyler Wright: But I can hear you again. Maybe it's just me can anybody there? But anybody else have any issue hearing Zach?

Deval Patel: Yeah, I think in broker.

Scott Carruthers: yes it cut out for a minute, but

Zach Ross: Sorry about that. Yeah, so I was looking into some pod security standards andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: That you're good. You're

Zach Ross: least deployments on Akash run the containers as the root user. And I think that was a consideration that my security team was kind of interested in preventing. So I looked into certain mutation policy where we could actually just have kubernetes by default adjust the root user to another user for when these containers are spun up. And I was struggling to find any mutation policy, but there's some good validation policy available. I was just curious kind of what your guys's thoughts are on maybe making some Network changes to Create a separate Akash user for all these container deployments.

Scott Carruthers: Do you have any thoughts on those regards?

Tyler Wright: right

Andrey Arapov: If the question is to make sure they're through users blocked for the user deployments so they can just deploy anything except for the root user. For that there is some security policy cells sharing the other day. It's possible to Implement on the community level but on the level of cash. it has to be a future request basically because all things need to be changed. such as Docker image to the specify the user and this things need to be checked as well. So it's more of a deeper consideration and probably worth starting up some discussion in the cash Repository.

Andrey Arapov: With the use case and these things like Mr. Be drafted there and the other question is that is the default user root or not. But I think it's the other question. believe because normally all the processes are running as root in the system But whenever a user runs something in the container, it is a root process. There is also remapping possibility of the user IDs. But it's also another thing and it has all drawbacks. So yeah, it's worse. Of course the discussion I believe.

Tyler Wright: Before we move on to Samuel. Zach. I was just gonna say if you want feel free to drop a discussion. There is a steering committee meeting tomorrow. So if you have the bandwidth to drop a discussion today, I can make sure that it gets passed on to the core team members and it could be discussed tomorrow during steering committee. Otherwise, we could discuss async in that GitHub discussion and then set up some time either separately or maybe during a Sig meeting to discuss further. So I would say that's the next steps there for sure.

00:40:00

Zach Ross: I should be able to make it tomorrow. So I'll do my best to join you all there.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. Go ahead Sam.

Samuel Walker: Hey there. Yeah, I just wanted to follow up on the topic of the kind of best situation security policies and all fun stuff meeting Web book. And I'm like some of my Lots up and move to come over but in a nutshell on what I have found useful and this is not being applied to me just running information in general. I'd like to do that for more memory job. Bruno has been useful for applying anything web hooks in addition to kind of running policies related to everything like a positive label or Paul needs to not run as root or such now, there's things that can even go to further we have permission what books Mission policies but I feel like that be a primary tool that would be useful to close your providers. I'm going to more detail about

Zach Ross: You said kyverno Samuel?

Samuel Walker: Yes, okay Bruno. So it's essentially an agent that runs on the cluster or often cluster. If you want to kind of go better more of this and it on because it can block, everything from being able to be deploy the first place but it's an open source project of similar to there was one other one that also supported all policies, but it was more native instead of for convey specifically. But can do everything from even analyzing images to whatever. You can simply putting Yama. Let me join my laptop here real quick. So I want

Tyler Wright: No problem. Yeah, it would be great. If you could drop a link Samuel on the chat. I throw it in the notes for reference.

Tyler Wright: Yep, you could.

Samuel Walker: Cool. How's it going? Yeah, Bruno. So there was convertible and there is Opa which is open policy agent, but me and a lot of my team. for context

Samuel Walker: I work for red hat on your ownership side of things. But I also run an LLC other side that holds a native kubernetes cluster, but we have both at times. Look at KY Bruno and open policy. agents It gets brought up occasionally and say infra on the Upstream side of things for kubernetes side. Not the here the six and kubernetesland, but

Samuel Walker: Essentially, I've owners referred get some work today's native and you're doing essentially just multi. Yamlapping as you were declaring the speck and deployment an image of such kindness follow that line to do a check to see if it's not to what you have and there's a little bit of Red X nobody scared, but it's kind of simple to use.

Zach Ross: In my experience. I also use chiviera now. I just wanted to make that known to everyone. It's been pretty easy to install with helm.

Samuel Walker: On that I just have one follow-up question when it comes to such things like that because image referencing and I primarily use Hardware to kind of prevent certain images that don't pass a certain CPS score from my first place. what happens on Akash when maybe the system automatically accepts a bit but look, deploys the image in the cluster doesn't do it because of security thing like what is the profit probably method to I guess follow up with hey, this image is not allowed or is that what's being talked about now as far as how to notify. the Akashi to do that.

Andrey Arapov: Is your question what happens if cannot get the image what happens to the User submitted or the request? Is that your question?

Samuel Walker: But my question is more of how do I let the user know in advance or the blockchain? No Advance. However, I want to I guess put it that I'm not gonna be running this image because of my existing security policies.

00:45:00

Andrey Arapov: definitely. This would deserves a discussion. I think of a higher team hardening of the cash cluster basically, but yeah because there are several ways, it could be I think broadcasting it over the blockchain doesn't make sense because the brightest will be spending tokens. And I think we could leverage something like provider attributes, basically.

Tyler Wright: Yes Samuel to answer your question at a high level. This is something that actively being talked about right now. So these content moderation conversations having something that's actively been thought about by members of the community and overclock Labs team since Inception, but the focus has just been continuing to build the core product which it's continuing to grow and grow the community and again rely on members of the community to help figure some of these things out. So you're like and basically the ground floor of some of these conversations had being happening right now the prey toward team Deval who just gave a presentation these member of that the prayer team there are a tool that many people use to set up providers. They are building out Cooling and continuing to provide a services in some moderation and management apis. That is one way of controlling content.

Tyler Wright: Generation there is another Community member angiomelo who used to be a part of the overclock core team who is also a large provider on the network who is developed his own Solutions and own kind of the experience as Andre just put in the chat Deval solution. And the priority team solution is a first line defense in The Chaperone services like a deeper Solution that's being built up. I believe Zach is and his providers have already implemented The Chaperone OS solution developed by Andrew mellow. So just continue conversations and always looking for contributions. I know that you've been involved a lot lately so much appreciate that.

Tyler Wright: I know we have about a few minutes left again. Is there any other questions comments related to contamineration Benjamin? I see your hand up. Go ahead.

Benjamin B: I just wanted to say it's not possible to send the information back to what it was rejected. when they send the manifest like we saw in the demo there was on the cloud most it mentioned something and was not accepted because this was in the STL a string was found still. Because it's not the extra plated and used in the entire system.

Deval Patel: We are giving the air in terms of when the deploy it right and they will get this error actually regardless of whether they do it on through the GUI or through the CLI, right? That's not a problem. But when they want to look at the Historical or anything like that, then there might be problem or even if they deployed and they don't look at logs or they don't keep the pop-up messages and that is a problem in terms of saying that why about deployment is not up and running right but that's just users ignorance in terms of looking at the log or looking at the quip of I would say.

Benjamin B: I think one solution could be. saving the logs a little and encrypting them in a way that it could be decrypted by only the tenants

Deval Patel: Yeah and that's something and we can bring it up in the client meeting as well. Right? That's something falls under clients, preview because think about it right that whatever the logs in terms of providers. we have the logs and we are going to keep that there is no issue on keeping on the log on provider side. But how do we keep track of the deployments and why they got closed or why they got rejected right? That's something has to do with the client side, So yeah, I mean other than myself and to our Scott can answer more on this as well, right? But yeah. That's My overall suggestion

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: excellent All Again, does anybody have any other topics maybe we won't focus on them today, but we can focus on them between meetings and at the next monthly meeting but if anybody has any topics that they want to discuss further, whether it be more specific aspects of content moderation or other topics on related to Providers, feel free to throw those in that year real quick and I'll add them to the notes or feel free to add them in Discord and we can talk about those for the meeting again. If anybody has any issues that they've opened up again, I'll make sure that if they haven't got a dress we'll get a dress but feel free to join big support which happens every two weeks Wednesday morning times eastern time and Pacific time and afternoon, if you're in Europe Asia and Africa

Tyler Wright: But again during the sixth support meeting we talked further about specific technical issues happening with the core product and potential fixes. But much appreciate everyone's time. Thank you pray to our team for the demo and the work that you let you all have been doing will look for more updates between meetings in the sick providers group. And I know that thank you Zach for your employee provided on the work that you've been doing handling your provider using chaperone OS And hopefully you can get that discussion up so we can talk about it real time tomorrow. But if not again, we'll make sure that it gets a prioritized as soon as possible. You must appreciate everybody contributing today. Thank you Ben for the demo that you shared and again anybody has any further questions comments Feel free to reach out to me or feel free to drop them sick providers or any other respective channels inside the cache Network, Discord.

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great day and feel free to join the steering committee where again we will talk more about everything that's going on their Cosh Community, but more specifically I'm sure we'll talk about content moderation and some of the other topics happening in providers. So if anybody wants to join steering committee that's happening tomorrow and is a culmination of all the six and working groups that ends the month. Hope everyone has a great day again. Enjoy yourself. Thank you all for participation. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:53:15 ðŸ‘‹



