# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

## Agenda
- Presentation on Auditing providers tool
- Discussions on Content Moderation.
- Presentation from Benjamin
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing. 
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers. 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, November 22, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](Coming Soon)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Benjamin B
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Julius Haus
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- SC I DChorse
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting notes 
### Updates from Praetor Team (Jigar Patel & Deval):
#### Accomplishments:
- Participation in GPU testnet and successful transition to GPU mainnet.
- Collaboration with the core team to enable Praetor providers in both testnet and mainnet.
- Rapid deployment of GPUs into mainnet within a week.
- Migration from old Provider Services to Helm-based providers with one-click upgrade functionality.
- Ongoing work on content moderation and management APIs, awaiting Cloudmos APIs for Praetor dashboard production release.
- Successful migration of Price script from AKT to USD, addressing technical challenges.
- Implementation of one-click functionality for provider binary upgrades.
- Continuous commitment to providing personal support to the community, leading to positive feedback and product improvements.
#### Challenges Faced in 2023: 
- Nvidia driver issues and incorporation of new instructions from Nvidia Corporation into the backend.
- Time-consuming process to address challenges and integrate solutions into the mainnet.
- Collaboration with Andrey or Arthur to facilitate smooth Helm upgrades for community members.
- Challenges encountered during provider library upgrades, risking the loss of leases, requiring extensive efforts.
- Integrating content moderation and management APIs into the provider library with Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).
- Overcoming challenges associated with modifying the provider library for seamless integration of new APIs.
- Initiation in May or June, involving the need to transfer blockchain data into a database for dashboard creation.
- Addressing challenges related to handling, manipulating, and retrieving large volumes of data efficiently for the Praetor dashboard.
- Overcame obstacles by obtaining APIs from the indexer after the acquisition of Cloudmos, simplifying the process of displaying leases.
- Transition from old to new price scripts, requiring adjustments in UI and calculations.
- UI challenges in upgrading calculators and status pages to accommodate USD numbers instead of AKT.
- Despite the challenges, the team successfully provided upgrades to the community, ensuring a smooth experience for users.
- Accomplished improvements in UIs, calculations, and overall product functionality.

**Plans for 2024:**

- **Unified Praetor Dashboard:**
  - Aim to revamp the dashboard for a unified experience.
  - Provide a clear picture of provider performance in Akash.
  - Enable users to view leases, financial projections, make provider changes, and access technical data.

- **Contributions to Core Provider Services:**
  - Building on the experience gained in content moderation and management.
  - Contribute more to core Provider Services with a focus on collaboration with the community.

- **Embedding Features into Dashboard:**
  - Integrate features from the three-a-side product (calculator, status page, provider messaging) into the dashboard.
  - Enhance the visibility of provider messages for improved communication within the community.

- **General Dashboard Improvements:**
  - Create an upgrade path within the dashboard for streamlined updates.
  - Consolidate settings into a single page, allowing users to modify prices, URLs, and update providers.
  - Display provider versions and health status for user convenience.

- **Enhanced Support Functionality:**
  - Improve support mechanisms for quicker issue resolution.
  - Implement a system to email team members with detailed logs in case of errors, creating a support ticket.
  - Provide users with clearer error messages and direct contact options within the dashboard.
  - Enable direct communication with the support team from the dashboard, reducing reliance on external platforms like Discord.
  - Implement an improved support system on the dashboard for users to submit messages and receive timely responses.
  - Address issues of users getting lost in a high volume of messages within the current system.
  - Introduce a more organized and efficient support queue.

- **Documentation and Education:**
  - Upgrade documentation to provide clearer instructions and guidance.
  - Create new instructional videos to align with the latest Praetor version, especially focusing on GPU enablement.
  - Consider developing an educational course on AkashEdu for Praetor's newer version, ensuring alignment with the fast-paced development.

- **Community Engagement:**
  - Enhance participation in the community across SIGs, working groups, and new teams.
  - Offer assistance to new teams, as demonstrated by the example with Luna's status API.
  - Collaborate with teams to provide data that can improve their products.
  - Actively contribute to the progress of the Akash Network and embed upgrades into Praetor as they occur.
### Discussions on Praetor Presentation:
- Clarification sought on whether certain features are exclusive to Praetor providers.
- Emphasis on the optional nature of improvements for both Praetor and non-Praetor providers.
- Discussion about technical aspects and implementation progress as things develop.
- Proposal to share the presentation for community feedback and in-depth discussions.
- Reinforcement of the commitment to maintaining a low cognitive load in the user experience.
- Anil inquires about feedback on upgrade notifications and discusses the concept of enabling users with committed GPU resources to bring them onto Akash.
- Deval provides feedback on upgrade notifications and commits to overcoming any delays in the future.
- Tyler acknowledges the discussions on GPU leasing and suggests further offline discussions.
- Tyler Plans for sharing the presentation in Discord for community feedback and the intention to be more flexible with meeting times are outlined.

### Benjamin's Presentation:
- Benjamin Not creating another demo, but summarizing community responses and plans.
- Market research: 10 responses, 9 out of 10 positive feedback, indicating a need for the project.
- Proposal: Estimated 350 hours, $50 per hour, totaling $20K. Open to adjustments based on community feedback.
- Positive feedback on discussion; no negative comments yet.
- Tyler requests Benjamin to give a one-minute elevator pitch for those unfamiliar with the pre-draft discussion.
- Benjamin describes himself as a Vanguard, involved in tech support on Akash Discord, with a backend developer brother.
- Project idea originated from a hackathon to create a tool for evaluating providers based on specific criteria (audits, region, quality, uptime, etc.).
- Aiming for automated tooling similar to multi audits and Overclock Labs.
- Emphasis on KYC for both providers and tenants to establish trust.
#### Benjamin's Pre-Draft Discussion on GitHub
- Tyler Wright appreciates Benjamin's work on the [pre-draft discussion](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/386) on GitHub and encourages questions or comments.
- Tyler emphasizes the importance of avoiding duplicate efforts and seeks collaboration opportunities.
#### Participant Questions:
- Alani Kuye acknowledges Benjamin's rundown and asks about the realism of the estimated hours and milestone-driven deliverables.
- Benjamin confirms the Milestones will be established after the initial five hours and mentions a detailed proposal in progress.
- Alani inquires about the project timeline and gets confirmation that it's a three to six-month effort, with more details on Milestones coming in the draft proposal.
- Alani asks about the go-to-market strategy, including how the project will be promoted and adopted by the community.
- Benjamin explains that for certain aspects, it depends on partners like Cloudmos, Praetor, and the Reworked Akash website team.
- Benjamin mentions the need for marketing for specific deliverables and emphasizes the user's decision to adopt the service.
- Tyler Wright raises questions on the openness of the project and which parts will be open source.
-  Benjamin expresses the belief that everything could be released as open source, with a distinction for personal information in KYC.
- Rodrigo Rochin inquires about auditing tiers, including the possibility of free audits for insiders.
- Benjamin explains the consideration of different tiers in general auditing, dependent on provider fees and needs
- Alani Kuye recommends allocating a budget (e.g., $1,000-$5,000) for marketing efforts (Twitter ads, LinkedIn ads, etc.) to gather user responses and feedback.
- Anil emphasizes the importance of creating touchpoints within Cloudmos and Praetor workflows for better marketing visibility. Recommends integration within the deployment process to enhance user experience.
- Alani agrees with Anil and highlights the significance of building a narrative for the product. Stresses the importance of data literacy and avoiding scenarios where a product gains likes but lacks user engagement.
- Deval mentions existing touchpoints and expresses willingness to collaborate and integrate with the new auditor tool.
- Deval proposes working together with Praetor, Cloudmos, and community providers, focusing on creating integrations that suit everyone.
### Concerns about spamming providers
- Scott Carruthers highlights recent discussions with Benjamin about network protection from spam.
- Scott Carruthers proposes starting a GitHub discussion for detailed input from the development team, with a potential discussion in the next SIG providers meeting.
- Benjamin agrees with the plan and expresses readiness to set up the GitHub discussion.
### Other matters discussed 
#### post-mainnet upgrade Issue
- Scott Carruthers: Raises concerns about a reported issue where searching transactions by Akash provider address in block explorers is no longer working post-mainnet upgrade. 
- Seeks feedback from the community to determine if this is an isolated case or if other providers are facing similar reporting issues.
- Tyler Wright Expresses gratitude to the presenters and participants for their time and contributions. 
## Action Items:
- Praetor Team to share the presentation in Discord for community feedback.
- Tyler to schedule an offline discussion regarding GPU leasing.
- Deval, Jigar, and Anil to continue offline discussions regarding the idea of enabling users with committed GPU resources to bring them onto Akash.
- Tyler to plan future SIG Providers meetings, considering increased flexibility in meeting times to accommodate participants from various time zones.
- Benjamin to initiate a GitHub discussion on network protection from spam.
- Scott Carruthers to coordinate and ensure responses on the GitHub discussion on network protection from spam.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, again, welcome everybody to the most recent edition of the During these monthly meetings folks that participated in the providers special interest group come together to talk about issues related to Providers on the Akash Network. Some of the topics that have been high in the priority lists have been around content moderation over the last couple of months the pray toward team as well as crypto and coffee from the community. I've been developing various solutions to help with content moderation on the Akash Network. Last meeting the pre-core team gave a demo of the work that they've been doing around content moderation the meeting prior to that Andrew Melo gave a demo on some of the work. He's been doing with again crypto and coffee with the

Tyler Wright: Chaperone tool that he's been working on and some of its functions around content moderation. There's also been some just general conversations around provider issues, and I know Andre who's on the call. There's a great job of connecting with providers in the community and helping them with issues as well as simple and a number of other folks that are on this call and maybe not on this call. Cool, again that there's a couple of action items on the agenda for today including the pre-tor team has been working diligently this year and a number of efforts that provider builds and provider Management on the Akash Network. They've been working on content moderation as a part of a working group content moderation that started at the end of 2022.

Tyler Wright: And so I want to give them the opportunity to get updates on all the work that they've been doing this year. Maybe some pain points and then again I'll look ahead of the highest level on some things that they're thinking about for 2024. And then beyond that Benjamin from the community is thinking about taking on a new project. He's submitted discussions and GitHub pre draft discussion around potential idea that he's looking to explore further. So want to give you an opportunity to talk more about his auditing idea and feel questions directly from folks on this call. If anybody else has in the action items that they want to cover during this session, feel free to add those and if there's any time left we can talk about again the main Nets eight upgrade and any other items.

Tyler Wright: Cool with that said I'm going to hand the floor over to jigar. and Deval to give us an update on all that they've been doing with pretor and I'll just be taking some notes in the background.

Jigar Patel: Thanks, Tyler. Let me share my screen.

Jigar Patel: So before I start my updates I want to thank everybody at the core team who helped us in a lot of issues resolving issues. We caught obviously numerous challenges solving the problems that were in hand in 2019c. So thanks for the core team. Everybody was fantastic also a lot of community members as well. They helped us our taste our product that was the big thing because it helped us to take look at a different angle and look into different kind of configuration before product is working on that as well. Right? So just wanted to say thank you for that and I'm gonna start with

Jigar Patel: the accomplishment that we did in 2023 so

Jigar Patel: let me start with the first huge thing that we brought into printer, that was a huge thing. We are to participate in a GPU testnet and then obviously taking that into GPU midnight this time we did something different. We actually worked with the code team to bring the Predator unabled providers going into testnet as well as well into the main so we had a gpus within a week or on going to minute. So because we also

00:05:00

Jigar Patel: We also moved from old Provider Services into Helm based providers and also giving them apart to build to upgrade that into one click so they can just like cricket and they can go into the hampus provider, right that was a huge achievement for us. We are finishing up content moderation and management apis and we are also finishing up please dashboard right now waiting on a couple of apis from crowd most to once that's available. I think we're able to push that into production.

Jigar Patel: another big thing was a high school updates, which we moved from akt to USD and that was also a huge kind of like

Jigar Patel: Technical challenge for us where for us it's just not giving them, what the newer provider available to use the USD based price groups or new product will use your enable libraries, right? We have to give a path to upgrade the old row address into the new one. Right? And that's most of the challenges lies where giving them one quick functionality, right and over the time. We also did numerous provider binary upgrades with one quick anxiety. And one more thing that is very very important is giving support to the community, right? We get a lot of compliments where Think that what this fantastic we get personal.

Jigar Patel: Support from our team members to the community, And that's like we celebrate our Victory. if people say that we can help them with whatever issues they have Whatever the servers or whatever the machines they got, we actually find a way to help them also improve our product as well right that help us tune to our product. and the next time that issue don't come off with another provider right so that help us a lot. but that brings us to What are the challenges we faced in 1993 right we obviously was not like a smooth ride or as a highway, right? It was more of a bumpy road as you can see so

Jigar Patel: obviously each project that we take let's say if it's a GPU enablement or hand upgrade everything comes with the technical challenge right let's say for gpus right it was and we are driver issues insurance and new instructions coming from Right, I corporate that Into the backend, right? That was a challenge that took us a lot of time to figure out and put that into the station and then into the minute also Helm upgrade that was not easy part. We had to go back with Andrey or Arthur a lot of time and get out like how we can

Jigar Patel: how can help our community members do or smoothly upgrades. Right? We Face a lot of issues that also in the meantime upgrading all the providers World losing leases. That was a huge challenge that we faced and 2023. Also, when we started working on the content moderation or management apis the provider Library that's understanding the library from the start and adding the moderation EPA into this with the series, right? That was a huge challenge for us.

Jigar Patel: To make a list dashboard. We actually started this in a meeting May or June and at that time we figured out that we need to have all the data from the blockchain into database.

00:10:00

Jigar Patel: So we started running all of pipelines to get all the data's to show the list as well and then obviously positive a lot of challenges with the huge data or to store and then manipulate that data and retrieve the data into swing the least dashboard a lot of work went there. And then we finally settle into getting the apis from indexer after the buyout of the car almost obviously. So figure out that's the easiest way to do it if we get the EPS from index here. it's easy to show the lazy's and we're able to close the leaders with the provided Library up here coming soon.

Jigar Patel: Moving from old script to new script price script that was also a challenge again, right everything comes with the individual or technical challenges. also UI challenges how we had to upgrade or calculation calculator. We had to upgrade our status

Jigar Patel: Yeah students page where we are swing all we had to upgrade all our uis where they were able to now put the USD numbers instead of we could use right. but at the end of the day, we came out of this challenges and we were able to provide all the upgrades that we wanted to give to the communities. We want to provide that a very smoothly right? So obviously communities they just like looking to upgrade their provider, but obviously at the back end we were facing a lot of changes. but coming into 2024 we have a reason how we wanted to improve our product and

Jigar Patel: again, right all the feedbacks are welcome. This is what we think we want you guys to give us a feedback on it There is not a proposal just Overview of what we wanted to achieve in 2084, right what we want to do into our product what we want to do where we see the pinpoints and where our community face problems in general how we can fix that.

Jigar Patel: so interest ready for we're looking to kind of like a revamp over dashboard and the way we want we see our dashboard is any related stuff They can able to do it in our provider in our task force, So basically unified dashboard. they should be able to see all the latest this would be able to see all the financial production they will able to see

Jigar Patel: Or they were able to do changes into the provider, They should be able to see technical data. you can find a right if they wanted to see how they're kubernetes is performing right? So unified a period dashboard with the new design obviously will have providers see clear picture how they're performing in Akash, right and as we are getting traction like we are seeing a lot of Liz's like please or overall is monthly leases are very very increasing.

Jigar Patel: Be able to see a lot of new providers will come into Akash, So even though they may or may not become provider with the Prater. We wanted to give this functionality. So to every provider so they can just go and check all the providers related data, Also this year we started contributing to provide a service with the content moderation and management this give us the understanding of Library. So we want to contribute more to the core Provider Services, So obviously with the help of the order and we will obviously pick up the work whatever it's in the issues or whatever. I will start working on the

Jigar Patel: With order and in the core team to put more work into core provider service. We also wanted to put a finite dashboard into provider. So they were able to see technical datas. As I said now also wanted to improve the three a side kind of a product that we created for a community which is calculated status page and provided messaging. we wanted to put embed that into dashboard. So.

00:15:00

Jigar Patel: Even how much can take advantage of provided messages Because lately I was seeing that a lot of Provider actually put a message into their provider for employers to see but obviously the connection is not there. So we want to improve that and general dashboard improvements like we want to create.

Jigar Patel: Upgrade path we want to update our price scripting you want to update our kind of I will put everything into settings page. So that settings will have all the updates if they wanted to change the price. If you want to change the url of the priority if you want to change. let's say if you want to update or update the provider show them what versions they are in so then what newer version is available also the health right of the auto provider stuff like that. It's a general implant. We want to also improve our support currently people are complaining about something and then we just had to let go back and check all the logs, right so we want to create a

Jigar Patel: Create a functionality where let's say if they're becoming provider and if something happens on the road some error happens, We want to see what that will email all of our team members with the detail of the locks, right and just create a kind of a ticket number or something like that plus also give them a better error message saying that what happened. Please contact this at this Community member or this one in all of this code when they contact us, we'll have a better idea. You have to go there and what happened? Maybe they're sudo issue, If something like that very often people we kind of for five issues everybody has

Jigar Patel: if they are bringing the kubernetes. They forgot to label. The grain is known to Node 1 something like that. Right? So those kind of things we wanted to improve into support, right And if they have any issues, they suitable to contact directly to us from the dashboard so they don't have to go back into Discord.

Jigar Patel: Are right and this is what get the support put your message here click here. And then we have a few kindness cue from our side. So we get a timely and healthy everybody right currently current system. Sometimes obviously community members help them, but sometimes what happens is some people

Jigar Patel: Get lost into a lot of messages, So we want to improve that. Obviously we want to upgrade our documentation and instructions videos probably will create another education course on a class CDU for a newer version of crater with gpus enabled on Right so current videos are very old. Obviously, we are fast-paced operating all the stuff. So obviously it will be over in a month. Right but we wanted to put gpus there because a lot of new provider are coming with the gpus and that helps them to understand what's the process?

Jigar Patel: Are internal we want to improve Network, And if you wanted to have more participation in the community across the six and across the working groups and obviously newer teams. We want to help them as well because obviously Be it they're just think about the Luna right? I mean he wanted to have a status API for him, right? So obviously we just jumped into and created API for them and now he's using their API to figure out which is reliable provider, right every time when someone uses one answer as a part, right, so something like that. We wanted to have everything any team if they think that we have a data.

00:20:00

Jigar Patel: Will give them right and basically making their product better, So we want to improve that as well. This is like overall general or 2024 roadmap and obviously. With the accounts is progressing, right?

Jigar Patel: We'll have all the upgrades that Akash is doing right which obviously I didn't write it here. But just think of this way, if the next minute it's something huge comes up, Obviously, we're going to embed that into our Trader right and all the subsequent populates history. So yeah, this is just like our roadmap, If you have any questions, If you have any feedback, please let us know if you think that there's something missing here if you think that this is what you should do, We'll be happy to be happy to add that into a road map. Thank you.

Jigar Patel: escort

Scott Carruthers: Hey jigar. yeah. Thanks for the updates on 2023 achievements and 2024 roadmapbooks really good and really concise vision of what your team is working on. I'm going back to the 2024 roadmap. I don't know if you go back to that first second, but on items three and four. so item three says

Scott Carruthers: tentacle information for Prater providers and I think this will be applicable to number four for provider message announcements is That I know that three says for Prater providers, but if you're getting that technical information from the club most I, obviously you could display that for any provider. So I guess my overall question would items like three and four you anticipate only again applicable to Providers Bill through the Prater app, or would that be services that any provider would be able to

Jigar Patel: Yes, so basically the conference desk. I'm carbons and grafana like that sport or technical data. That is what's the memories is right not from the cost standpoint, but the hardware standpoint, So basically we just literally going to install the fanaa right into our Trader. Is going to be often up right here. They wanted it. They can test the technical information. I was talking about and obviously provided message announcement is available for everybody. It's not for just Twitter approach also we obviously

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Jigar Patel: we're gonna have some kind of like a mechanism to securely store if we think that the way to security store the communities config file and use it to improve our providers right then obviously, it will apply to non-preter Provide operator providers, So obviously this is overview right? But obviously when we go into each of the functionality will explore more like, how can we put that into non-preter providers and prayer providers both?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and that Inception we're talking about this more as things progressed so we can talk about it…

Jigar Patel: Yep.

Scott Carruthers: so that makes complete says the technical information for some reason I was thinking of the dashboard being the presentation of Provider lease information and then things like that that you would just be getting from the club. us API, but obviously if you're installing Discovery mechanisms to get this information into grafana, then it would only be applicable to Prater if that's the only place that is being introduced. So yeah, like I said, I'm sure we'll talk about that more as it comes up. But yeah, that's hopeful.

00:25:00

Jigar Patel: Yeah, and again and our Target to improve our product is that it should be optional or even non-exe let's say if you're not ready to provide it right process is we streamline the process with the instructions that we have from you guys So we're just thinking how we can merge them. Let's say if you became a provider from the CLI, and we're just finding a way let's say price group update right how you can calculate but something like that, So obviously that is a way we just need to find out ideally if they

Jigar Patel: kind of like they used CLI the way we gave them the instruction it tissue able to use all this stuff. It's just like they just need to connect their control node, when stay connected if they followed our CLI instructions from They should be able to do all this stuff But okay, right. It's just finding the way to do that. Obviously that will be included in this one as well.

Tyler Wright: I see sgcdc North put a message around it would be amazing it Prater app could be installed and removed from existing providers as Scott just mentioned jigar would be great. if you feel comfortable throwing this presentation in Discord and they either providers or maybe the trade ecosystem pretor app chatter maybe both I would love for people to give initial feedback. And then maybe we could turn this into initial discussion where we could start to talk about some of these objects or talk about some of these themes more specifically and get more feedback from Scott and other people from the community. Pardon me,…

Jigar Patel: Yeah, yeah.

Tyler Wright: but I think this is great. So I appreciate you taking the time. I'll give you some updates and Road.

Jigar Patel: Absolutely, and just wanted to answer SGC are basically after the Hem upgrade. it's like if you install through Creator or even CLI, your provider is the same. It's not a different. We just like to use our own node because sometimes a lot of people have a very kind of not good computer and they want to become a provider with the Prater right? If you put the note on there. It's just gonna explore there. They're not gonna have law for resources left. So that's why we maintain our own node. That's only difference. So you can even ask any Community member for support. It should be the same as the CLI did good Alani

Alani Kuye: Very hard to go on. Thanks for the presentation. I'm always super excited to these new developments what's going on and how it would help continue to drive to drive demand. But more importantly lower the cognitive load and the barrier to entry. my question is just more input the hybrid question really will this continue? to support the core philosophy of keeping the user experience. Low cognitive load so that we don't go back to the dark days. of CLI That's bad for demand.

Alani Kuye: You're mute.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, Absolutely. That's the first thought we were doing unified credit dashboard. Basically, we are just redesign the whole dashboard, right and obviously if you look back into 2022, Obviously, we are trying really one even though right when we started over design. we had a very small functionality and at that mind we created that dashboard but now we have improved or we have demand to include law of stocks.

00:30:00

Jigar Patel: Keeping it the core philosophy of UI first right and to not put any kind of technical means CLI details into the UI, right and that's all That's all called to have it. It's not changed.

Alani Kuye: alright fantastic. Thank you for reinforcing that.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and kneel.

Anil Murty: Hey Tyler, Don't take a whole lot of time because I know there's other things to talk about but thanks so much. Jigar. This is amazing. I just have a couple of questions one is the last time you did one of your mobile Library presentation. One of the things that came out was it'll be nice for you guys to get a little more heads up when we do upgrades and such. I just wanted to kind of check in and see how things went in the last few upgrades. We have also increased the pace of upgrades as you all noticed. So just wanted to kind of get your feedback on that. And then the second thing was gonna give you was just a piece feedback on there for the roadmap is.

Anil Murty: One of the things we're going to be looking at from a core team perspective and we'll try to write some discussions on this as well is the idea of enabling people that have committed to longer term contracts for the cloud resources or for the GPU resources. So today most of the GPU clouds out there, they require people to commit to a lengthy contract before they even let alone give them gpus it lower prices. One of the things that we are trying to investigate is it possible for people to take those GPU resources that they're committed to but are not using and bring them on to our cash.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Deval and then after divide just to want to we'll talk more about this offline,…

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: but go ahead.

Deval Patel: Yeah, let me answer. The first question you had about the feedback you want about we are getting enough handbag. It's up. Yes. Definitely. We are getting enough heads of and are staying that whenever you guys push right we pushed the one click updated as well right let's say It's a last time when you best pushed it was in the night specifically Sunday night at our time and we pushed in the morning, So it was 12 hours lag on our side, but we will overcome that as well going forward, So yeah, that's a commitment you have Other than that.

Deval Patel: Leasing the GPU I think we should take it more offline and we'll discuss more in detail between me trigger and you and Tyler I would say right and we can go from that.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. All right. I do want to give enough time for Benjamin again pray to our team. Thank you for those update. If we could throw this presentation online and Discord, then we can get the more feedback from other members of the community about the presentation and then I'll work with the pray to our team to think about next steps again. As I mentioned. I do want to have another sick providers meeting before the years that maybe we'll have some discussions or we could talk more in depth about some of the things that the Neil talk about some of the things that Scott talk about some but things that our members of the community talked about specific to pray tour

Tyler Wright: Looking to have that meeting sometime before December 15th. But again, I'll keep you all posted. So just look out for that. I'll mention this in steering committee whenever that happens. But one thing that we're trying to do moving forward is be a little more fluid with some of these monthly meetings so that we can get more participation. I know it's difficult and we have people that want to participate base all over the world. So I'm going to do it better job in 2024 of just finding times that work for more people so we can have more consistent conversation. I think this sick providers meeting is a good example of a successful Group, so Thank you of these items online but again

Tyler Wright: Next up on the agenda is Benjamin who again has thrown a pre-draft discussion in GitHub? He's linked that in the chat here for everybody. I think he's done a great job of sharing that across a number of different Discord channels to get feedback and I want to give him some time to talk about their plan and get some feedback from the community. So Benjamin take it away.

00:35:00

Benjamin B: Thank you I want to say here that I'm not going to create another demo. I believe that I've done one in the office hours and one in another city call. So what I want to do here is just summarize what has been. Written by us. And what's the community has responded? Let me start by the market research form right now. We have 10 responses where? on average nine out of 10 people or have positive feedback to the questions. So they believe that there is a need for what we're creating.

Benjamin B: then for the discussion we have mentioned that we're going to create these things.

Benjamin B: And I believe this is about 350 hours.

Benjamin B: that we will be charging about 50 of dollars per hour. This totals out to about 20K, but I'll just keep ahead also. both depending on what we get from this conversation with back to we might be adding another. 52 on a hundred hours

Benjamin B: the comments here are generally positive. We're just questioning. There's no negative feedback yet. And we have responded to all the questions.

Benjamin B: this is the summer that I want to give. Now I'm opening up the mic for anyone else to ask any questions.

Tyler Wright: Sorry Benjamin just for a couple of people that may not have read the pre draft discussion yet. It'd be wonderful especially out of the heels of Moultrie closing its doors. They'd be wonderful. If you can give a one minute elevator pitch on who you are in the team and what you all are trying to build and why you think it's important for the Akash Network. I know that you've already done that in other meetings, but some participants here haven't been there. So it'd be great to just continue to practice that high level pitch for.

Benjamin B: Yeah, So I am a Vanguard. On the course, I do tech support on the coach through the community program written by Adam. My brother is a back in the developer working at the Swedish company.

Benjamin B: we got this idea for the hackathon to create something where We would hold it providers not just from whether or not they should be audited yes or no, also so that we can create filters. So if you want something very specific. you want something from a certain region want something With a certain quality time in certain uptime in certain CPUs certain benchmarks, everything like that. You should be able to filter for that. We want to create automated the tooling providers or all that like this where this is included in this Then for General all the thing, this is similar to what multi audits have been doing and what? Overclock Labs is doing with their auditor. We want to kyc all the thing as well.

Benjamin B: where providers can be kyc to become more trusted so that People know that. yeah, this is really who they say. They are. This is the company that I am trusting. This is the person that I'm trusting or for the opposite if providers only want the kyc the tenants they could potentially shoes to all accept bit from them. And this is scrapped. We also want to contribute to the cloud most indexer. Where we want to help them collect more data, which will be using for our own services.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again. There's a pre-draft discussion that Benjamin is introduced inside in GitHub and he's done a great job of circulating and starting to get feedback. I would ask if anybody has any questions here. Feel to ask those. You can also feel free to leave a comment inside that discussion which again is in the chat as well. But does anyone have any questions for Benjamin while he's here? I know that this affects the provider a great deal. So wanted to give some time to talk about it during the sick provider meeting but is anyone have any initial questions comments concerns thoughts and we also want to make sure that we're again not doing duplicate of efforts or anybody. Is there any thing that it's a part of this discussion that maybe other folks are already working on or

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: again efforts can be combined. Just want to see if anybody has the initial fault comments.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Alani.

Alani Kuye: Hey, hi Benjamin. thank you for the rundown. I'm super appreciate it and form from your estimations based on those hours. They look relatively realistic now deliverables wise, this is Milestone driven. The way you've broken it out.

Benjamin B: Yes, so the only thing we will be taking before we create the Milestones is before the five hours here. So besides that we will have the Milestone. So when we're finished with this we will be able to spend these funds when we're finished with this. We will be able to spend those funds etc. Etc.

Alani Kuye: Okay, fantastic and the Time Capsule on I assume you have just at least a high level project plan with a timeline in place that will support this.

Alani Kuye: So if it's a six-month effort to have a general idea from a forecasting prospective.

Benjamin B: we're thinking that it will be a free to six months efforts over around there.

Alani Kuye: Okay, so two quarters, so if a big discount four major deliverables of a two quarters that tells me about every Four to six weeks. You'll be hitting one of those milestones.

Benjamin B: Kind of story. Was that the question or

Alani Kuye: No, I'm just a general damn trying to visualize from a timeline perspective if there are four major deliverables of our three to six month period if we ametize that over six month period that's about a deliverable rough, whatever four to six weeks.

Benjamin B: Yeah, that sounds reasonable. We will go more into details on the specific Milestones. How much is allocated to each Milestone and how long it would take in the draft proposal that we're trying to get out until next week?

Alani Kuye: Okay, that's fantastic and just finally too. Is there a go-to-market strategy around this? I mean once you build it and deploy it then Is it just like a tweet? Like and is there a general high level strategy to get this out to the community and drive some adoption? Because everything has to always go back to demand generation.

Benjamin B: so for this part This will just be a portal cloudmus. maybe depending on what they want to do. Maybe they will advertise their API, but I'm not sure how much they will open up. This API. I know that the Creator is trying to get a hold of this API as well and the team building the new Reworked across website is trying to use this API as well. For these parts. It depends a little or actually for these parts. I believe this one will create demand almost assets the provider stuff the wants to use this to tenants that want to use this. I believe we will start using it as is…

Alani Kuye: Okay.

Benjamin B: but these two will have a bit more. Need for marketing. We will have to show users how this works. and besides that

Benjamin B: it's up to the user to decide whether or not they want to use it. For this one. We already know that a lot of users really like having a general load For the tier based ones, I believe that this is great for automated deployments. But I'm not sure how much normal people will be using. This service because normal people might just research your providers.

Alani Kuye: Hi, John.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Benjamin for those answers online. I always appreciate my question for you based upon what I just saw. I think you were to talk about kyc based auditing. I know how that process will be done with that that obviously has to be closed Source information and how much of what you're asking for is going to be closed source. Yeah, those are some of the general questions that I have as I look through this predraft discussion. Go ahead rodri.

00:45:00

Rodrigo Rochin: I can wait for benjaminzer. Or I had a different question about will there be tears auditing Tears like Montreal used to have A free one and then other ones with different perks. And insiders get a free free one.

Benjamin B: What was that the last thing about Insiders?

Rodrigo Rochin: We get out to for free, right?

Benjamin B: If the inside they're skipped all it's for free.

Benjamin B: All let me start with Rodrigo's questions So we will have some different tiers on the general auditing. but we have not yet decided how money this depends a little on. How much peace will be spent on all the things providers back and forth? So if we estimate that we will have to change these tears super often. Maybe we will not have a lot of Tears. but we will have most of the tears in. this part of the auditor

Benjamin B: for Tyler's question whether or not it will be open source or not. And which parts will be open source. We believe that everything could be released as open source, but we could of course not release all the personal information on everyone for the kyc all the thing, but we could still release the software behind it. we want to be able to let other people. It's been up their own Auditors as well based off the same Services as we are going to host.

Alani Kuye: I know we're running on time here. But if I may just add one minor recommendation if you could add a line item, I don't know what the number would be a thousand dollars five thousand. I'll let you do your own research just for marketing whether it's Twitter ads LinkedIn ads whatever it is because it's important to at least get the information out to the community of users. You can build a cohorts and the profiles all of that to get initial data back. So you get a good handle on how people are responding through it in case you have to make any changes Downstream.

Benjamin B: That's a good idea. And if it doesn't get used we can just return it later.

Alani Kuye: And just good for change management. That way you're not building a rock here. That's not gonna leave the town that you can find out right up front how people want to use it how to respond to it and you can pivot as necessary. Just being able to Market and get it's always important. Otherwise, it's gonna be pouring water in a basket Anil.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just wanted to jump in. So yeah, that makes sense thinking about marketing but I think one of the things worth considering on the marketing side is Creating some touch points within Cloud most as well as play tour. So if you're a provider and you set up a provider Create or then having some sort of a touch Point within that workflow that says, okay now that you have a provider consider using this tool to get audited and then similarly, I think you talked about Cloud most already in your proposal, but essentially when somebody goes to deploy a workload then feeding them to apis from your product or your service so that people can actually filter and see more than just, it's been audited or not audited but also what level it's been audited to or what is some of the details around the auditing that's happened. So I think those touch points would probably be

Anil Murty: a lot more valuable in terms of getting visibility to your tool.

Alani Kuye: Yeah, and it builds a narrative. That's really what it's about. It's because at the end of the day, it's about the story I mean, we're building all those cool things. It's important to get it out there. Otherwise, we don't want stuff that we build you get 1,000 likes on Twitter, but you barely get one user and that data literacy is very important. Wow, the builders happening Deval

Deval Patel: Yeah, so about We already have the touch point with the ultimate. Audit model 3 or if I mispronounce but yeah, we already have that and we are happy to have another auditor. To be in there right and whatever help needed and happy to provide.

00:50:00

Alani Kuye: Thanks for that Anil. It was very helpful. I'm just visualizing that narrative and all the touch points. It gives a very strong continue.

Benjamin B: I want to continue here seeing here that. We want to work together with greater app Community providers depending on who wants to join us on this effort. But we want to try creating Integrations that work for everyone. So for example for the whitelists, is this the formats that everyone wants to be using

Benjamin B: and there's a few more questions here. Is there anything else? Otherwise, I'd like to thank everyone a lot for the questions and the recommendations and feedback here.

Tyler Wright: No, thank you Ben for putting this together and sharing with us and again answering questions from folks on this call. I know you have some next steps and I think you got some additional feedback here today. So we'll look out for those next steps and discussions and then continue to again talk more in detail once we get that formal proposal. we can either talk about it again live after you put up the discussions in the next steering committee or in the next six provider meeting that maybe before the new year. Island I know we have a couple minutes left and I know some people have some other meetings I really appreciate the kind of folks have taken to listen to the prey to our team and all the updates that they have and also listen to Benjamin, and they're trap

Tyler Wright: Discussion around a new auditing tool that they're looking to build on that came out of the hackathon. Go ahead. I actually Never mind. He might have just been doing a thumbs up again. If anybody had any other pop topic specific to providers or then, please feel free to reach out to me or drop those in the supervisor Channel Go ahead.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I know that we only have a couple minutes away many of us need to go over to office insiders and just to keep on schedule. I'm just gonna cover a couple of points here real quickly. So Ben and I have had some recent discussions he Ben has brought up concerns about protecting the network From spam essentially. It's a benite. No way we possibly talking about this topic during providers. We can definitely do that in a couple of weeks. But I'm since there's so much detail around that discussion and they episode discussion that we've gone into I'm maybe thinking that maybe we should start by if you would like to create a GitHub discussion and that will allow people like the core development team and

Scott Carruthers: Andy and others too respond and then maybe after some good discussion and a GitHub discussion we can also cover on the next six providers. That sounds good

Tyler Wright: That's something a great plan Scott.

Benjamin B: I agree. Let's do that.

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Benjamin B: You want me to set it up?

Scott Carruthers: Are you gonna start the GitHub discussion and…

Tyler Wright: Yeah, please.

Scott Carruthers: And then I'll make sure that there's response.

Benjamin B: Yes, sure.

Rodrigo Rochin: I shared something that changed Channel.

Benjamin B: I can do that.

Rodrigo Rochin: Or sharing what other chains are doing about this band stuff. I don't know it be outside. Maybe it'll help.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, so yeah, certainly Rodrigo so that's what I was as going to say. So I know that we only have a couple minutes here. This wall become clear if Ben would like so Ben ping me if we need to coordinate this at all, but we're just started the discussion on some of his concerns. This would be very unique to the Akash Network because we're talking about spamming providers. So just from a very high level Benjamin's concern was that at most actor could create a bunch of bids on the orders on the network to elicit bids and essentially exhaust provider wallets or protecting the network against mush's actors from launching very large deployments with a lot of resources and tying up kubernetes resources. we're in the bid process So this specific spam discussion would be very specific to the caution Network and cost providers.

Scott Carruthers: So there's a lot in a very quick time. But bottom line is we'll discuss that more and discussion and maybe next and The other on top of that I wanted to raise was. A private contact me I'm stating that post may not a upgrade their reporting is And the reason that there were reporting was broken was a belief that in Block explorers like midscan or they block Explorer within Cloud most deploy that they had the ability to search transactions by

00:55:00

Scott Carruthers: a cost provider address prior and now that's no longer working that that's a very interesting to me because I'm surprised that whatever work because typically on a block Explorer. It's searching for transactions by the creator of that transaction. So they're concern was they're now no longer able to go into Cloud most and be able to search via provider address for create lease activity and their claiming that works before the meeting upgraded. Theoretically there was nothing involved in the main net upgrade that would have had any impact on that. And again, I'm surprised that would have ever worked but I'm just throwing it out there to this community if anybody else's having and a block Explorer issues are reporting issues with their provider. If you could please let us know I want to ensure that this is just a one-off issue and that providers at larger having new reporting issues. I can't imagine that's the case, but I just want to elicit feedback if anyone else is having new issues from a provider reporting perspective.

Scott Carruthers: And that's it.

Tyler Wright: I could thank you Scott again. We'll follow up with somebody's action items between meetings. Thank you all for your participation today. Jigar Davao Benjamin. Thank you all for presenting appreciate all the questions from the community too. Many people have shout out. But again, hope everyone has a great day. Look out for an updated sick provider time for December. I'm going to be moving that meeting so that it can get some more participation. Hopefully, there'll be a number of things that have been moved since this meeting that will be able to discuss that meeting. So again appreciate everyone's time and effort today. I'll make sure this recording isn't made available very soon and we'll continue to push forward between meetings. But thank you all very much for the time. Yeah. We'll talk online.

Benjamin B: Thank you. Bye.

Andrey Arapov: And thanks, everyone. Bye.

Alani Kuye: thank

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Jigar Patel: Thanks.

Meeting ended after 01:00:19 👋

