# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- Discussions on Content Moderation.
- Discussion on GPU Provider Setup.
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing. 
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers. 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, December 13, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](Coming Soon)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Ross
- Zeke E

## Meeting notes
#### Tyler Wright:
- Significant initiative discussed in previous meetings involved bringing GPUs onto the Akash Network.
- Core team, Max on the deployment side, and other teams collaborated to test GPUs on the network.
- Testnet opened to the public for GPU testing, leading to the launch of the mainnet with GPUs on the marketplace.
- Acknowledgment and appreciation for community members involved in unlocking GPUs for various use cases.
- Arthur and the core team working on provider changes and testing before sharing the availability of manufactured GPUs on the network.
- Acknowledgment of the work done by everyone.
- Praetor team's contributions to GPU changes and content moderation highlighted.
- Mention of Max and the Cloudmos team working on preliminary understanding of Provider attributes.
- Anticipation of continued conversation and development on Provider attributes in 2024.

### Sig Support Meetings mentioned:
#### Tyler Wright:
- Mention of Sig Support meetings occurring every two weeks.
- Core team addresses issues awaiting triage in the [support repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/142), many related to providers.
- Recognition of Andrey, described as a provider "Guru," for instrumental support in managing providers and addressing issues.
- Issues affecting providers are documented in the support repo, visible under the "repo/provider" tag.
- Encouragement for active contribution or attendance in Sig Support meetings to address and understand these issues.
- Commitment to continued improvement in the process of tracking and resolving provider-related issues in 2024.
- Mention of the close collaboration between the Praetor team and the Cloudmos team on API endpoints.
- Invitation to Jigar or Deval from the Praetor team to share updates on how they are utilizing the mentioned endpoints.

### Praetor Team Update by Jigar Patel
- Praetor team presented a detailed summary of their 2023 accomplishments and a high-level roadmap for 2024 in the previous meeting.
- Encourages participants to review the roadmap for insights into upcoming discussions and developments.
- Anticipates further updates and initiatives from the Praetor team in the new year.
- Completion of work on the CRD designed to block addresses, images, and host names for content moderation.
- Collaboration with Max and others for creating APIs, receiving requests, and adapting APIs as needed.
- Progress on creating the lease page and ongoing work on the daily page.
- Integration of blocking features into Provider Services to allow users to block images, addresses, and hostnames from the transport.
- Tyler expresses appreciation for the updates and encourages the team to continue sharing PRs and updates with the community.

### Provider Feature Discovery Service Update by Scott Carruthers
- Acknowledgment of Scott Carruthers and Andrey's work on the Provider Feature Discovery Service.
-  Feature Discovery to allow deep exploration of provider types, inventory, and specifications.
- Upcoming focus on provider incentives in the new year.
- Scott Carruthers provides a high-level overview of the tool, emphasizing its use in deep discovery of types, inventory, quantity, and allocated information.
- Scott  mention a potential release candidate version before the new year for testing with selected providers.
- Expected release of the tool in the new year for general use.

### Andrey Arapov's Update
- Tyler invites Andrey to share any highlights or focus areas for the community in the past few weeks and going into 2024.
- Andrey mentions the smooth operation of providers and a few minor issues that were addressed.
- Acknowledges a recent issue with providers' builds, which was resolved by restarting the Akash provider service.
- Upcoming work on a separate issue related to data synchronization between pods.
- Andrey highlights the effectiveness of a tool and ongoing optimization efforts.
- Emphasis on small, specific-oriented issues rather than global concerns.
- Positive note on the increasing number of providers on the network and looking forward to more participation.

### Closing Remarks
#### Tyler Wright:
  - Tyler expresses gratitude for the active participation throughout the year.
  - A commitment to fostering more involvement from active providers in the coming year.
  - Acknowledgment of the diverse representation, including CPU and GPU providers.
  - Callout to Zeke for a reminder: Providers seeking the provider role should reach out for assistance.
  - Appreciation for everyone's efforts and energy throughout the year.
  - Excitement for the developments expected in 2024, including content moderation, provider microservices, and unlocking new features.
  - Tyler looks forward to continued collaboration, growth, and making the Akash Network even more impactful.
  - Wishes everyone a great holiday period and a happy New Year.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to providers monthly meeting number 12. During these provider special interest group meetings the group discusses any and all things related to the provider on Akash.

Tyler Wright: It is been a very very packed year in terms of Provider conversations. One of the original working groups was around content moderation and pray toward team which has Representatives here today on the call have been working throughout the year amongst many other things provide a related to improve content moderation and build some content our moderation and management apis that they've been demoing in the last couple of providers meetings. There's also been some contributions from other members of the community including crypto and coffee that has been building a chaperone OS that is an open source solution that he's been working on the folks have been testing and interacting with so there's been a lot of work this year that's been happening around content moderation.

Tyler Wright: This year the pretor team that was really one of the most used tools for building a provider on the Akash Network also made a transition to being Helm based in their approach. So this makes it easier for folks that are building to again have the same build process when they're using pretor as if they were using the CLI and creates synergies around support and around managing providers again, once they've been built so I know a lot of work's been done there from the prey to our team.

Tyler Wright: At the last meeting the Prater team gave a really in-depth update on all the things they accomplished in 2023 as well as a roadmap that they shared in the providers meeting a high level roadmap for 2024. So if you have not seen on that roadmap, please take a look there again. our conversations will continue into the new year. I'm sure a lot more will be coming from the prey to our team very soon. I know that also another big initiative that came out of conversations in providers was around bringing gpus onto the network.

Tyler Wright: so again the core team along with Max on the deployment side and a number of other teams and the akashico system works very closely to again the test gpus on the network create a test net that was open to the public where people can put gpus on network to the test. And then again have launched a main net that brought gpus onto the marketplace where again it unlocked everything from AI workloads to GPU Mining and a number of other use cases that are continuing to be unlocked by members of the community. So want to shout out again all the people on this call that participated in unlocking gpus.

Tyler Wright: The first phase of that unlock was around Nvidia specific manufactured gpus. I know that one thing that is ongoing right now is there is work happening around being able to bring manufacture gpus onto the network. We talk about in the steering committee a fair amount. But again, if you look at the project board now linked to the AMD specific, I like to the issue inside the support repo. But again, you can see what's going on in terms of the project for engineering that is one item that is actively being worked on. I know that you can see that there have been implementations to the node. Have happened I think.

Tyler Wright: Arthur and the core team are working on provider changes as well as some testing before again making this. For sharing with the community that again manufacture gpus will be available in network. So this is continued work to unlock the capabilities of a cost providers on the network. So I want to shout out everybody for all the work that they're doing.

Tyler Wright: In addition to again all the on GPU side all the changes that put the prey to our teams done content moderation. I know that Max and the cloud most team have been working on r attributes and just preliminary understanding of Provider attributes. And I know that there will be continued conversation and continued development in 2024. So that's again something else. I want to shout out here today. lastly, I know that there's six support meetings that happen every two weeks during those six support meetings.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: A core team goes through any issues that have not been that are waiting triage and the support repo many of those issues. I know touch the provider Andrey who's on this call is a provider Guru. I don't know what the term above Guru is, but he is whatever that is and again is instrumental in providing and helping a cost providers that have any issues during again managing their providers or as deployments come in or as main Nets happen. he keeps it close eye on what's going on. And then again make sure that any issues that are affecting providers are put in the support repo. Those things are usually tagged reap as repo / provider. So again on this tab right here inside the support repo you can see all the provider issues that are very much.

Tyler Wright: mind and I know that again during the six support meetings. They're talked about in a great deal. If anybody here has any input or wants to be more active contributor to helping to solve some of these issues or again wants to understand some of these issues in more detail and figure out timelines and prioritization. Feel free to join the six support meetings, and we'll continue to track again how these Shoes are solved in that and that Sig but again In 2024 will continue to reference the poor repo and make sure that things affecting the provider are at least getting attention. So again, we'll continue to improve that process in the new year.

Tyler Wright: I know I've just been a rambling on for some time. Just giving an update on all the things that have been happening this year. I know that the prayer team has been working very closely with the cloud most team on some endpoints and has again been leveraging some of the cloud most indexer at apis. Jigar, or Deval. I know that you'll have some updates on the pre-tourer side in terms of how you're using those endpoints. Do you want to share anything here? And then again, if anybody has any other questions or any agenda items that they want to discuss feel free to drop those in the chat and we can just again get an update from the prey tour team and their work and then from there open it up to a general discussion.

Jigar Patel: Next Tyler and thanks everybody for training support. So we've been working with the incumbent moderation. We have finished the work on the crd which designed to block addresses images and host names. So we put that for a quick question. Also, we are working with the Max and Thanks Max and other Max as well for creating APA and school soon we request after that and picking the apis as we need it, right. So that's a big help from Max and the max as well. It's a huge help creating appointment task force. That's

Jigar Patel: The dreamed of and it's coming along. We created the least page and we are also working on the daily page right now. So that also will finish in this month. Right? So I will put that integrator and also once the blocking of will be available in a Provider Services. We corporate that To interpreter as well. So people can block images addresses hostname from the transport. So, that's the update. If you have any questions, please let me know.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Deval.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Thank you. we'll look out for again those PRS and then those updates to pray to our as they come and just continue to share them with folks in the community.

Tyler Wright: does anyone else have anything that they want to talk about while you all are thinking about maybe some comments concerns? One thing I do want to call out and Scott Carruthers. Do not feel obliged to talk about this in any great detail right now, but I'm putting on the spot and that's what I'm trying to talk slower Scott's as well as Archer have been working on.

Tyler Wright: A tool that's a provider feature Discovery service. They're working on this in parts. And I know that one of the main things that has been talked about in steering committee has been talked about in Sig economics and we'll be touching providers in the new year. So again, we'll be looking for a lot more participation from folks in the new year is around provider incentives. And I know that this tooling is going to be used for a number of things but provider incentives and understanding what again Each provider is going to be a part of that process. I don't know if you wanted to talk at a high level about what you're working on or just tell people to stay tuned and they'll learn more in the new year, but did want to call you up because I know you've been doing a lot of work there and that's on the public roadmap.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I would say mostly just stay tuned for updates, but I think most people. have probably heard and steering committee in another forums at the idea of feature Discovery for Providers so this would be a service that will do deep discovery of Types and inventory and quantity and also allocated an allocated information.

Scott Carruthers: So yeah, I would actually expect that that might be release and a release candidate version before the new year and then we can test it. I selected providers and then more generally release it in the new year. So yes stay tuned for further updates. But yeah, the general idea is feature Discovery Allow a very synonymous with the status endpoint currently, we'll allow a new features API endpoint that will be able to do. Praise of allocated and unallocated memory storage information and also be able to retrieve details on CPU types and attributes and speeds in different hardware specs. So yeah, all that should be coming very soon.

Tyler Wright: Thank you cool before I open up to any other questions and again if there's no questions don't feel obliged. I do want to see Andrey again because he active with many members of and many providers solving things answering questions creating support issues Andrey. I want to see if there's anything that you want to highlight in the community over the past few weeks or anything you want to talk about specifically as we go into 2024 that we should focus on more from your standpoint on the provider side.

Andrey Arapov: Hi everyone. So there have been many small things but none of them stuck in my memory. I don't write them down. So I cannot just keep it from the top of my head. I can't say I think specific. But other than that, the flight is pretty smooth in terms of spiders. So the only issue was maybe a couple of weeks ago or three weeks ago that providers stop bleeding. I needed to restart the cash provider service, but then I haven't seen this issues in that time. Then there is another issue that I will create a separate issue for that one. I won't highlight it now. Because it needs a extra. analysis from the depths. Currently working on figuring how to synchronize the data between pods in fast fashion because we cannot share the data between both using self.

00:15:00

Andrey Arapov: So far figured that thing is a tool just working perfectly and currently optimizing it. other than that, I think that's all from my side. I don't want to focus on anything like specific because those things are rather small and specific Oriented things like they are not a global things. And yeah, we have more providers running the network. I'm happy to see that whenever I'm assuming any beat a lot of other bidding. Which is cool. And I'm Looking forward for seeing more providers and yeah, that's it from my side.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again much appreciate all the Andre does on the provider side. If you ever see Andre not available in Discord again. I know that people sometimes think that he's been kidnapped, but he needs some time to take vacation. So again, we try to make sure that he lets people know, but don't worry. He's not kidnapped. He's just again spending some time with family. So just want to let people know that To cool. is there anything else on the provider side? I know we have some active providers on this call and some many active providers that often join these monthly calls, but is anyone have anything that they want to highlight or talk about in detail or get some more clarity on as pertains to a cost provider or running a cost provider?

Tyler Wright: cool if there's nothing else then again, we can just end this meeting again as we move into 2024. I'm going to make sure that there is more participation from folks that are active or they're running active providers. I do believe that this special interest group gets a lot of representation again from folks that running CPU provided GP. Rider so much appreciate all the effort that's gone into these meetings on a monthly basis this year. Hopefully, we'll continue that momentum. And as Andrey says continue to bring on more providers and unlock more features and solve more problems for folks.

Tyler Wright: Yes, for those that are providers. Great call out Zeke. If you do not have the provider role and you want it, please just reach out to me or one of the Insiders that will make sure that you get that role. as soon as possible. if you see anybody out there that's looking for that role or having discussions around provider, but doesn't have that role. We'll make sure that that role gets added for them on Discord.

Tyler Wright: Cool, if there's nothing else then again much appreciate everyone's time and energy today and this year. I'm really looking forward to what's to come in 2024 and Beyond I know there's a lot of stuff happening in the course side around again contact moderation provider microservices a number of different things on the provider side unlocking new features. So it's going to be exciting 2024 and really looking forward to continue participation continue to growth in working with all of you to make the Akash Network what we all know it can be I'll let everyone know what's happening with Sid clients if that's going to get moved, but again much appreciative one's time today, and I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. We'll continue to talk online. But thank you everyone. Have a great holiday period and a great New Year.

Jigar Patel: Alright. Thanks guys.

Tyler Wright: Over bye.

Andrey Arapov: Thank everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:19:17 ðŸ‘‹

