# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Update from Praetor on all of the work that they have been doing. 
- Discussion on Akash GitHub Discussions and Provider Review Proposal by Alani Kuye.
- Andrew Mello updates on Akash OS development.
- Open Discussion on all things related to Akash Providers.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, January 24, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](Coming Soon)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- Andrew Mello
- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
## Meeting notes

#### Tyler Wright:
- Welcomes everyone to the first meeting of 2024 for the special interest group monthly meetings.
- Highlights diverse participation from various providers, including data centers, individual providers, and those with accommodations and GPUs.
- Mentions the Praetor Team's role in developing a provider build tool for easy provider creation.
- Notes Praetor Team's community pool funds in 2023.
- Updates on the Praetor Team's efforts, including support for GPU testnet, GPU mainnets, and work on content moderation.
- Announces dedicated time for Jigar and Deval to provide a high-level presentation on the team's plans for 2024 Q1.
- Benjamin received community pool funding for an open source auditor and other contributions.
- Announces the formation of a working group for community involvement in tracking Benjamin's team's work on open source auditing tools.
- Seeks community feedback and asks for objections to the working group.
### Provider-Audits Progress Update by Benjamin B
- Benjamin expresses gratitude for the working group channel and the opportunity to share information publicly.
- Outlines the plan for the open source auditing work
- Indicating a schedule until March with the actual work beginning between the half of this month and the last of this month.
- Acknowledges challenges faced by his brother, who has been dealing with environmental issues and working overtime, impacting the progress.
- Benjamin  has started preparing smaller details for each system and shares that communication on the plan is ongoing via direct messages (DMs).
- Plans to share more information in the working group Discord once it is set up.
- Tyler acknowledges Benjamin's update and expresses gratitude.
- Commits to creating a working group channel for the open source auditing work.
- Tyler announces the initiation of scheduling for dedicated time on the calendar for discussions in the upcoming week or two.

### Praetor Q1 2024 Roadmap by Jigar Patel
- Jigar Patel presents the Q1 2024 roadmap for the Praetor Team.
- Key focus areas include addressing user feedback, solving common issues faced by Akash users, and implementing requested features.
- Primary issues to be addressed:
  - Enabling multiple drives in ephemeral storage.
  - Providing options for custom nodes, including the ability to create nodes in a user's own Kubernetes cluster.
  - Implementing a provider notification system for upgrades and important information.
  - Enhancing error handling and presenting errors more informatively in the UI.
  - Addressing DNS-related issues, including better handling of DNS entries and wildcards.
  - Open APIs for collaborating with other teams, specifically for the audit process.
  - Handling SSH connection issues with improved UI feedback.
  - Integrating any upgrades introduced by Akash into the provider process.
#### Feedback and Discussion on Praetor Q1 2024 Roadmap
- Damir Simpovic offers helpful videos for setting up port forwarding, DNS, and other concepts, especially for new providers. Praetor Team expresses interest in sharing these video links for community guidance.
- Jigar clarifies that the process for Helm-based providers is essentially the same, with the only difference being the decision not to build the node inside Kubernetes, offering the option for providers to create a node if they have large enough servers.
- Anil Suggests addressing limitations for AI/ML workloads, particularly related to data downloading, labeling, and support for shared memory.
- Highlights the need for diagnostic information on GPU card temperatures, voltages, and potential overheating issues.
- Praetor Team acknowledges the feedback and expresses a willingness to investigate and contribute to these areas.
- Anil Murty expresses interest in discussing challenges faced by AI/ML developers, especially related to data downloading, labeling, and GPU diagnostics.
#### Deval Inputs 
- Praetor Team expresses willingness to contribute to code libraries and investigate issues related to AI/ML workloads, GPU diagnostics, and shared memory support.
- Praetor Team discusses preliminary plans for Q1 2024 and is open to community ideas and feedback.
- Deval highlights the community's request for a UI feature to add more nodes to a single provider and discusses the challenges and considerations for expanding the roadmap.
- Deval Complaints about the fees for updating provider attributes and suggested to initiate a discussion on GitHub for further consideration.

### Andrew Mello presents updates on Akash OS development
- Akash OS is currently under development and is powering the largest provider in production on the Akash Network.
- It is designed to be an ISO or an image that can be installed on any machine, providing Ubuntu 22.04, a Kubernetes cluster, and a default account provider installation or configuration.
- New updates include the ability to deploy Akash OS to any machine without the need for an ISO, thanks to Ansible playbooks.
- The upcoming feature, Auto Port Forwarding, will automatically configure new providers with a public domain managed by akashos.com, reducing the barrier to entry for new providers.
- The goal is to make the configuration process seamless for new users and providers, minimizing the need for technical knowledge in networking, firewall setup, and DNS record management.
- A release around the first week of March is expected, making the onboarding process for new providers more straightforward.
- Akash Dash com, where providers can monitor their earnings, is ready for a Kepler integration.
- Providers will be able to claim their account by authenticating with their Kepler wallet, enabling features such as editing the page, setting up notifications, and having an account on Akash Dash com.
- Users and providers are encouraged to try out the new updates, dive into GitHub repos, and provide feedback to improve the tools and make them production-ready.
### GitHub Discussions and Provider Review Proposal 
#### Alani Kuye's Overview:
- Alani Kuye expresses gratitude and acknowledges the inspiring work of the community.
- Emphasizes the need to focus on the demand side of the marketplace and addresses challenges faced in past experiences.
- Recognizes the success in increasing the number of providers and highlights the importance of shifting focus to deployers.
- Proposes a strategic approach to incentivize deployers and align with provider incentives.
- Advocates for a low cognitive load for deployers to encourage broader participation from various personas in the ecosystem.
- Stresses the importance of simplifying the review process, drawing parallels with platforms like Airbnb and Amazon.
- Highlights the need to cater to different audiences, including system admins and executives, in the review process.
- Emphasizes the goal of keeping deployers engaged for longer periods and ensuring a seamless experience.
- Acknowledges feedback received on the proposal, addressing concerns about expenses and emphasizing the broader perspective.
#### Discussion on Hourly Rate and Feedback on Provider Review Proposal
- Benjamin B raises a point regarding the hourly rate mentioned in proposals and ad hoc opportunities within the community.
- Tyler interjects, suggesting to keep non-provider-related conversations for the steering committee meeting.
- Tyler encourages feedback specifically related to how the review process may affect providers.
- Alani Kuye provides perspective on the operational differences between incentivizing providers and deployers.
- Stresses the importance of considering the different audiences and user experiences.
- Alani urges the group to think differently and make a mental shift when addressing the needs of deployers.
- Tyler redirects the discussion to Anil, who has provided comments in the chat, and encourages further discussion offline.
### Input by Anil Murty regarding Client Discussion
- Anil Murty provides insights on building clients, targeting specific user segments, and the importance of tactically approaching customers.
- Mentions examples like healthcare clients discussed in a recent Twitter Spaces session.
- Anil suggests focusing on specific actions clients can take to drive further adoption.
- Alani Kuye acknowledges Anil's input and discusses the Twitter Spaces conversation around Solve care clients.
- Anil mentions bringing Solve Care into the Akash ecosystem and emphasizes the need for due diligence.
- Tyler intervenes, emphasizing the focus on providers during the SIG Provider call.
- Anil suggests continuing the discussion on clients in the SIG Clients call or on GitHub, respecting the agenda focus on providers.
- Tyler concurs with the redirection, urging participants to leave comments on the GitHub proposal for Alani.

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler announces the setup of a working group channel on Discord and plans to initiate the first working group session.
- Reminds everyone of the upcoming steering committee meeting scheduled for tomorrow at 11 AM Pacific time.
- Extends appreciation for everyone's time, effort, and commitment to the future endeavors of the group.
- Invites participants to drop any further questions or comments in the providers' channel for asynchronous discussion.

## Action Items
- Tyler to create a working group channel for the open source auditing work.
- Tyler to set up dedicated time on the calendar for discussions in the next week or two.
- Anil Murty will schedule a meeting with the praetor team to discuss specific challenges faced by providers.
- Further discussions will be initiated on GitHub to address UI improvements and reduce fees for updating provider attributes.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the first ly meeting of 2024 during the special interest group monthly meetings. The group here goes over anything related to their costs provider. Usually we have a great deal of participation for a number of different kinds of providers on the Akash Network, whether data centers individual providers some some have accommodations and gpus. So again, there's a great representation types of providers during these monthly meetings.

Tyler Wright: In addition the prior team who is built a provider build tool on that makes it easy to build the provider. If you don't have a great deal of experience using the documentation and CLI. They also received some community pool funds in 2023 and have given updates on all the work that they've been doing as it relates to helping providers be able to build for the GPU testnet and GPU main Nets their work around content moderation and a number of other items that they've been working on in I know as we get ready for as we start 2024 we'll set out some time today for Digger and Deval from the prey to our team to give a high level

Tyler Wright: Presentation I know they did at the end of I think November's monthly meeting. But just to give a high level of the kinds of things that they're thinking about as we start off 2024 q1. In addition Benjamin who is also I believe on this call recently received community pool funding for an open source auditor and some other open source contributions to indexer and some other items. I know that again. We're going to set up a working group that I wanted to announce here and get some Community feedback as Benjamin in his team start to work on development of the open source auditing tools.

Tyler Wright: There's going to be a specific working group. So the community can continue to track and work very closely with Benjamin. Hen and his team. does anybody have any objections to having a specific working group for the open source auditing work that Benjamin is team have

Tyler Wright: Or we're going to be working I'm going to set that up. And then anybody from the community that wants to participate in those working group sessions with more than welcome, and I'll add them as an to the events calendar and to the other calendars that we have for Community groups special description working groups.

Tyler Wright: Real quick before we move on and Benjamin. I know that you are just received community pool funds over the holidays. Do you want to give a high level as we get ready to tell the working group on where you are in some quick next steps. It could be a minute or less and then we can really dive in at that dedicated working group session next week or whenever we have that.

Benjamin B: Sure, Thanks for the word. So now that we have the working group Channel we can start to share some stuff publicly. We have a plan on what to do in for everything until March but we have the timeline between the half of this month and the last of this month to start work and my brother has been having a lot of the issues. We Face environment and has been working a lot of overtime. So we have not had the opportunity to do a whole lot yet. I have been starting to prepare a lot of smaller details on what we need to include in each system and we have a plan on how we should develop each system.

Benjamin B: between our DMs but as soon as this working group generous don't I will share some more information there.

Tyler Wright: Thank you min. So I have an action item that I'll create a working group channel for the open source auditing work as well as start to set up some time on the calendar for folks to live over next week or two.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Cool real quick. I know that there are a number of discussions that are happening right now in akash's GitHub.

Tyler Wright: So I really appreciate those that are bringing up discussions and those are participating in the discussions. If you see anything that you want to participate in again, this is an important part of the open source framework to get a community feedback. I've dropped it in there but specifically as it relates to providers and I know that Benjamin again recently received community pool funding we don't want to take a significant time, but I do want to shout out Alani who's on the call here today and is also put a proposal for a cost network provider review and incentives proposal. It's proposal number four 53, and I wanted to again I hope that we can have folks that are on this call or in the community just give feedback and get help discussions. But with Alani here live alani's if you so desire, I just want to give you

Tyler Wright: maybe a minute or so to talk at a high level about the review proposal and maybe some of your thoughts and initial feedback that you've been getting on the discussions if you don't mind.

Alani Kuye: You're sure and tie things were organizing these guys always get to see you all and it's very inspiring to see all the work that everyone is doing. The more importantly it's also good to see that we're still solving for these difficult problems as many of I kind of do my thing behind the scenes but I think given where we are right now, one of the things we encountered, in the past. when I run the program we solved a lot for the providers went from what eleven to almost 300 in a matter of months, thanks to a lot of your efforts in just a shout out on the pre-to-team Maxine, everyone on this call, played a role in that so I think when we give it to the other side on the demand side, I'm coming from a strategic perspective in that.

Alani Kuye: we've solved a lot for provider side. It's easy to become a provider today in that process continues to evolve positively and it's reflected in the walk you guys are doing I think taking the demand side which is where we need to really focus and dislodging it and Tackle them differently because two sided marketplaces have two very different unique needs and of course everything happens on chain. So from a provider perspective, how do we make it easy for folks who continue to deploy when we incentivize them so I know Chang had put something up for God and provider incentives with I

Alani Kuye: About a nine million dollar proposal or something like that. But how could we code terminally tapping to that to incentivize deployers to stay longer and that requires a very strategic approach, and that's why I'm pushing very hard to dislodge both and Tackle them are separate exercises. that way we understand all the metrics and data literacy around incentivizing deployers, but also symbiotically tapping into The provider incentives finally, which I think is even more important making the cognitive load. So low.

Alani Kuye: That even the folks in web 2 who may not know where to start can participate because your ecosystem is not just devs and we've been solving so much for developers that we live in human beings, behind the scenes and we're not just building for us and our friends right? We're building for a much broader arm strategic audience. So everyone from students conferences Architects Executives, artists bloggers, media folks every Persona is reflected in who deploys and how do we make it easy the review process, you can't take a gunship little fist fight right the same way. We know that low cognitive load. It calls rapid adoption in high cognitive load is the other way around

Alani Kuye: So as it is today as admitted easy for providers will continue to solve for that based on incumbency. We need to Pivot to the other side, but approach it very very differently because deployers haven't even lower cognitive look to get in and how do we do that? Make the review processes just like Airbnb or Amazon. We know there's a referral program somewhere within the ecosystem. All those things are related, but we have to dislodge both, we can lump everything into One big exercise, and I think what B is doing is fantastic, especially the audit information. Think about those who want to do due diligence and providers, especially with complex workloads, There's two audiences. There's a systems admin and there's your executive as an executive. I don't have the time.

00:10:00

Alani Kuye: to go into those details so your one review was there any level two is where you go deeper into it. So we have to solve for those audiences because again time is a premium and the easier we make it the more we tap into that audience and more people have longer deployments instead of the drive by that would tend to see and as a market involves we need to be cognizant of that because you can't scale what you can't simplify and we have to Pivot and start to solve. the other side of that Marketplace which are deployers and how can we keep people deploying for longer? While making sure it Remains the medical policy and everything happens on shame. So you have to sign every transaction every way you ever wish where you put it off there. So that's my perspective. I mean always open to conversation. I've gotten everything from it's too expensive. good dance costs. I mean this isn't one person building, we have to look at this thing from a broader perspective. There's different personas that are involved in this exercise. It's not a money issue because again,

Alani Kuye: And we're talking to wife gay, and it's gonna involve everyone most of which are on the score anyway, so it's not new territory. It's just a way to make sure that we're solving for the other side of the transaction. We're too comfortable with providers. So I want to be the bad guy to say let's start paying attention to deployers and do uncomfortable things because in my experience the things you're not comfortable doing other things that actually going to work. So let's move a little bit away from our comfort zone and do something different.

Alani Kuye: Benjamin

Benjamin B: Yeah, I have one thing. I tried to comment on the discussions page, but I must have closed my car. Anyways, I just wanted to speak about the hourly rate. I don't think that regardless of how big of our project this could be. I don't think it's necessarily about projecting up anyway. But I want to say that.

Benjamin B: the most proposals and other ad hoc opportunities that have been erased within the community of either being 50 dollars per hour for the proposals and what I've seen I've also seen some hoc opportunities with up to 100 dollars per hour. So I don't think it's super weird that you're getting these comments that they already read this quite large.

Tyler Wright: Real quick, just for the sake of time and I know there's a number of things on the agenda. I just would ask that we can keep any conversations related to anything that's non provided related in the discussions. We'll have some time to talk about that during the steering committee tomorrow, but I just wanted to specifically see if anybody had any feedback because I know that there was some conversation about who should be able to review, what that criteria is and so I just wanted to as alani's building this out and thinking this out a little bit more from the provider perspective. I just want to see if any providers how to initial thoughts and how this review process, may affect them. And again if nobody has any thoughts right now or they want to put those in discussion feel free to do that, but I think any conversations on rate and any of that kind of stuff we can save for steering committee or get help discussions if y'all don't mind

Alani Kuye: Yeah, and that's our man. Thanks for I'm raising that tie and I think we'll provide a perspective. we know we solve for providers multitude ways, And that's why we having this conversation because everything related is we have to Take an operational maturity perspective, we can't Benchmark this based on the X exercises for providers the same way you incentivize pools for providers is not the same way you do it for deployers. It's very different audience. It's a different Market places a different process.

Alani Kuye: Right, I mean back in the day when we have to build, some of the first providers, how long it took Gamo farms and all that means setting up servers. I mean it was insane but compare that till today it's easy point point click click and everyone on this call can attest to that right? So in moving to that other side, we can't say based on what we've done for providers, those same procedures and methodology will apply to deployers. It's a very different audience. It's a very different

Alani Kuye: At places ux heavy right the folks who will be doing the death tasks QA uat before the five stages of development. I mean been doing this 22 years that there are no shortcuts. Okay, those audiences are a mixed bag. So you have folks from from folks on the Legacy space both another one technical right who want to see providers and who are these that's why you use the anilogy of Airbnb or Amazon.

00:15:00

Alani Kuye: I don't have to go to those platforms to check reviews on some of those wholesale providers that can see them on bloggers referred me different ways. You can scan that Gap, right? So my point is I think this is where you have to think of it. Let's look outside of our comfort zone. Why does this look different because we're now working on the other side of the marketplace coming from someone who's Bill Marketplace isn't my last company I saw but 28 million because we build 30,000 driver. So I want to suffer three million people. So again, that's what I'm trying to get. What's this month to think differently like make a mental shift? You You're Building, for those who are not incumbents looking from a very different perspective. That it's a little bit uncomfortable at first, but when you start to understand why the bigger picture starts to make sense Anil.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, that was me. I think a Neil put some comments in the chat. and then I think I'll also put some comments in discussions. And again, we can just continue this conversation offline. And again, we could talk a little bit more about it and steering committee and thread go ahead and

Anil Murty: Watching three so really there's no other way to build this out then to go build those clients, go after specific segments of users and then very very tactically individually go and go go after customers and make sure that they're successful on Akash, So if you saw the Twitter species yesterday, it's all care. That's an example of a customer that took us a long time to get to and it's stuff like that that really was going to drive us forward. So I mean There are seven clients that are being great including sphere on and clouds each of these questions you slightly different patterns of the ux so,…

Alani Kuye: Yeah. Yeah, Anil good to hear from you.

Anil Murty: my suggestion and…

Alani Kuye: I think the Twitter supposedly was interesting right…

Anil Murty: I'll definitely read Your data post and…

Alani Kuye: because That's a two-year conversation in making and…

Anil Murty: comment on that as well is if you can identify specific things that these clients can do in order to help Drive adoption further.

Alani Kuye: for those who don't know. I brought salt care into the akashicial system. Okay, and…

Anil Murty: That's probably the best thing for us to do on the client side is presentation or…

Alani Kuye: the same due diligence we're talking about today is the same thing that we're trying to do two years ago when I brought them in and…

Anil Murty: my thought at this point, but I don't want to take up all the time in the provider say we should definitely talk Hey Alani,…

Alani Kuye: the first one.

Anil Murty: talk about this in this declines. so I'm sorry to intermed. We'll have to take this off of to another call. This is the sick provider call. And yeah, I don't know about history assaultier, but for two years it was nothing that was done on it and all this happened in the last two months. So I'm sorry to cut you off but we really have to focus on providers on this call and we can definitely talk about clients on the sick clients call we can talk about it in GitHub, but Tyler your choice here, but I don't think this is the right place to talk about. and if there is Merit and bring it up in the meeting clients in demand

Anil Murty: 

Alani Kuye: don't think

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no. Yeah exactly. And I think I made that clear a couple times. But again, if anybody can look at the GitHub proposal and leave comments in there. I know that Alani is looking for more feedback. That would be greatly appreciated.

Tyler Wright: cool Continuing to move along. I know that again the pre-tor team has once again update on some of the things that they are thinking about for q1 2020 2024 real quick. And I think Alani also just mentioned it in regards to the GPU provider incentives. I know that's a conversation that Chang put up on chain, I think a week or so ago and there's been a lot of great discussion. thank you to folks on this call and other folks in the community that have participated in discussion. If anybody has any further thing that they want to talk about or any other questions, feel free to drop it in the GitHub discussions, and I know that we'll talk about this tomorrow during the steering committee meeting but again because this also touches that provider I just want to mention it here on the providers monthly meeting.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: And again push people to go looking at discussion give feedback ask questions and then join the steering committee tomorrow to talk about it in more detail.

Tyler Wright: cool with that being said does anyone have any questions on GPU provider incentives before we move on to an update on some of the things that the prayer team are thinking about for q1 2024?

Alani Kuye: All right.

Tyler Wright: All right, igar. I'll hand it over to you or at the ball because I know that you all have been putting some time and effort into a specific plan a perfect. And then once the pre-tour team has presented a plan and we gotten questions from the prayer tour team. Then Andrew Mello was mentioned in a chat that he has some updates and I'll hand over to Andrew Mello. So jigarette and Deval you guys go first and then what open up to questions and then we'll follow with the angel Mello.

Jigar Patel: Thanks Shadow. So for this presentation, basically we wanted to get a feedback from everybody about our q1 roadmap. And this is just like we are in the last meeting we presented over 2024 roadmap and we are chilling down to what we're gonna work on this Q one particular.

Jigar Patel: These three months and based on the user feedbacks. we have certain things that our users and Akash users are facing right now issues currently they are not able to do multiple drives in FML storage test. One of them issued others are no issues. Sometimes they're facing a node issue where they wanted to supply custom nodes or they wanted to do a node in their own kubernetes cluster. So that's our other Focus as well. We are doing a kind of starting provided notification, which is very very basic right now, which will basically opt in process where you obtain for email notification. So if there is a upgrade on a network that

Jigar Patel: All the providers have to do it. We kind of store their email address and just send them out and notifications. So people know that there is upgrade and we have to update our provider. We're gonna continue core provider service contribution. There's one more thing was the log issue. So whenever the providers become whatever using old process They're not able to see any logs if they wanted to see what's happening behind the scenes. So

Jigar Patel: we are also building that log process. We're also doing a little bit better job at have error handling right? So, let me just share my screen real quick and I can go through the process or what we are going to do in just share

Jigar Patel: so basically our plan in q1 is to solve this kind of primary six issues and then some misk operates that we are actually doing to resolves of the most. Ask supports from our community. So this is the exercise that we did from the last provider meeting. We found out that what are the areas that we are spending most of the time giving the support and let's solve that issues first. I work what are the most asked features from our providers in both provider channels and our ecosystem director channel, so

00:25:00

Jigar Patel: Solving those issues are starting with everywhere multiple drives in every storage. So this issue comes a lot where small providers who don't want to give a personal storage, but they wanted to do multiple driving FML So basically combined storage process and then doing that into the Custom node options. So multiple ways to do it currently Akash core Library creates a node inside the kubernetes that we are not to do it, but we will give that option to users if they wanted to create a motor if they're servers is big enough so they can handle node. So that was one of the requirement because a lot of small providers are becoming provider where they only have

Jigar Patel: Eight gigs of RAM and what eight CPUs sometimes even lower than that if they run nor inside the kubernetes, then it's become very like they cannot provide a lot of resources to network, So that's why we opt out to do question more but we will give them a new options where they can even choose the public mode they want if they want to use Twitter node, that's fine and They wanted to create a node inside a kubernetes because also be qns option probably notification what I explained earlier will give you important information like upgrades in an email in obviously.

Jigar Patel: We will continue doing the provider service contribution in a core Library. we've been from that there will be a change is coming in. So we did a PR in control moderation, but obviously there will be a changes in coming as courty members who mentioned so we have to change our code as well. But yeah, that's and also any more contribution needed. We will be happy to provide that will stream logs into build process. This do you Longview feature that a lot of user requested we all so will be able to do a little bit more on error handling side because a lot of the errors are very common if the machine goes offline during the process we kind of like if we have an issue connecting it and

Jigar Patel: SSS process don't give us kind of what are the errors And in the past our user had troubles. According to those errors because they don't know what's happening. And then we have to go into see logs and see what's happening maybe on their part is not open. Maybe DNS is not resolved. So things like that we want to do basically present better in UI, so I'll say thirty forty percent of the supports is just something they didn't do prior to Trader Bay process, right and that process with their doing it.

Jigar Patel: Probably have error and then we have to you did that. Probably there. You're not right. So basically showing the process a little bit more informative. So they know what's happening. when they ask questions they know what's there on their facing so we can be at better head and error ol Miss cup breads, obviously DNS issue. So I would say another 20 30 percent providers have issue where they are not good at putting to DNS entries and our documentation. It doesn't handle that much very well on that issue as well. So a lot of people forget to put

Jigar Patel: A wired card English or providers into their DNS. So we don't even know what's 30 years in a site. So right now in the dashboard when you become a provider, it's just says that your providers are fine, but we should see that if that DNS is rolling to their IP. If not, then we can better so that issue or give them steps to how to resolve that issue. Obviously we are gonna do the open apis for other teams like Benjamin where we can forward it now.

00:30:00

Jigar Patel: Audit process to them now rather than the modri on it. So that's coming in connection issue again, A lot of people are having this issue. We wanted to just handle that better at the UI level again better talks and any upgrades that Akashi is putting in we will put into the process and put into the updates. Yeah, so that's our q100map any feedback Is very helpful God damir.

Damir Simpovic: Okay, can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Damir Simpovic: All right regarding the first two points that you mentioned about what supports questions are the most common. I've actually made the I'm sure you are you remember but it's been quite a while since I see anybody mentioned it there is a number of videos that I did. That are primarily done for Helm based provider installs. However, there are also

Damir Simpovic: they also apply to Such as how to set up port forwarding for any provider whether it's helbase or better based how to set up DNS.

Damir Simpovic: Again, it doesn't matter which type of install. Anyone is using those videos are the same they will apply to everyone. etc. So, yeah, feel free to not trying these information videos. I don't make any money or anything of them, but just trying to make your life easier. You can just direct and you can just direct and have them watch these videos there 20 minutes half an hour and they will have a much better idea because you are right. A new providers especially home-based providers or somebody who's doing this for as a hobby or as they don't know. They don't know these things and it's very new to them and these concepts are

Damir Simpovic: I mean everybody can has a

Jigar Patel: Thanks, Absolutely. We will put your videos link again, for us. We are not gonna build any videos for that. We were just directing to forward some kind of videos in YouTube showing that how to do DNS entries, And if you have build I know so I've watched some of your videos, So what are we gonna do we gonna put your videos into the link so they can see how it work. It's working again. I just wanted to clarify and now pretty use Helms, So from even last year, So the whole process is it's exactly same we're just not building the node inside the kubernetes. That's the only difference because then those are one of the things that we had to manage. So if the note is not catching up then

Jigar Patel: They will have some issues into the releases, So that's why we opt out but that's why we are giving the node option now. So that big enough there if they have multiple clusters, we can run configure with the node inside that right. but yeah, I just wanted to clarify we are using him is not different than the core process. quieter

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Anil Murty: Hey guys. Yeah, So awesome presentation. I like all the things that you have on the slide a couple of other ones that I can add and I have a few more notes on this second past you jigar couple of things. I've seen a lot of particularly the AI ml devs that we are trying to attract to GPU marketplaces. That they run into our number one if you're running a AI training job or even in some cases a fine tuning workload. You might want to be data downloading essentially data and then labeling it which is very CPU bound and then at the same time being able to access that same data to run training. So you might have a really large data set of several millions of objects downloading that into a

00:35:00

Anil Murty: into some storage or area memory and then accessing it separately for the gpus to be able to train on it and one of the limitations today we have is that we don't support shared memory natively. And so that's an area that we have to look at Potentially in the next few months. I'm hoping so there's an issue that's created for that. and then the other thing also that I've noticed a lot of times happen with again people that are using gpus for various reasons is anytime one of these GPU cards overheats and sometimes results in the cache.

Anil Murty: There isn't a lot of diagnostic information today that we're able to surface up in terms of for example, the temperatures on the voltage on the cards things like that. So that's another thing that I was wondering if there's something that we should do about it, but not saying that any other things on your roadmap need to be changed, but just wanted to throw them out. There is other pieces of feedback I've seen Thanks.

Jigar Patel: Thanks for the feedback il. Yeah, if you wanted to ask to spend some time in doing any and kind of research in Ram issue or overheating issues right? Please let us know that's why we have read put the provider service contribution. That's one of the things that we wanted to do more in 2024 putting some hours into code libraries as we have done in past where the country for sorry content moderation, right? So we have a better understanding how the things work. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: The ball,…

Anil Murty: That sounds good. Yes.

Tyler Wright: go ahead.

Deval Patel: Yeah, sorry you can go.

Deval Patel: Can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: No. Yeah, I can hear you. I don't think anything else is speaking. I know did you have anything that you wanted to say?

Anil Murty: No just gonna say I should raise my hand. I was just going to respond to jigarette say that sounds good. We can set up some time. I'll work with you to discuss some of the things that I've heard from people that are trying to do fine-tuning and machine learning type of workloads on providers in the challenges that they run into we have solved a couple of them, but there are some really big ones that we need to solve supporting. Sha. So, thank you.

Deval Patel: Yeah, so these are just preliminary things…

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Deval Patel: what we have in the q1 broad webinar higher level, we can go more deeper in the one to one or meeting where you can dive and prepare a roadmap for us. Right and we are open to ideas. What are the important things and facing whatever the challenges you are facing or hearing from providers in terms of GPU providers or our CPU providers, They're happy to accommodate that right another thing which is actually a lots of people are asking is that they make single provided node with the Creator and then they want to add more nodes towards the same collider, right?

Deval Patel: Right now there is no UI available for that. Right? We have to guide through them and guide them through some manual process. So yes that is another option. We should consider adding into the roadmap right? But then the roadmap because becomes bigger and it becomes multi quarter roadmap, right? So those are the things we try to avoid, so that those are the things I would like to say one more thing. I want to mention is people are complaining about updating coorder taking too much amount of akt. So let's say just recently few providers updated there provider attribute and it charged them feet create which is about seven and half dollars, So think about that to reducing so if we can reduce that, that would be nice.

Tyler Wright: Cool, I think if you don't mind making a discussion around that we can talk about that more in GitHub and then take some necessary steps. There must appreciates jigar you and Deval going through a prayer's plan for the first quarter 2024. Does anyone have any initial questions or feedback about what the priorities are going on?

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: cool I think you'll set up some time with the Neil to talk about some of the items that he's been seeing and then again, we'll work on next steps and flushing us out and maybe turning this into a discussion to get more feedback from folks that maybe are not on this call but much appreciate the presentation and we'll continue moving forward.

Tyler Wright: Cool, if there's no questions for the pray to our team that I know Andrew Mello wanted to give some updates. So I will hand the floor over to Andrew Andrew take it away.

Andrew Mello: Hi Tyler, if you want to just pull up the GitHub of a cost OS while I talk about it for a second here. That might be helpful. It's a GitHub crypto and coffee slash a coffee list.

Tyler Wright: I just Hold on just one second.

Andrew Mello: Just in case there's folks who haven't seen it.

Andrew Mello: On the phone today, so, thanks.

Andrew Mello: Yeah, so it's still under development and is now actually powering the largest provider in production on the cost. So it has now, been a bit battle tested in production and with that in mind there definitely some updates that I wanted to bring some attention to so as some of you may know and some of you may not know a Costco acid basically built to be an ISO or

Andrew Mello: An image that you install on any machine to basically give it Ubuntu 22.04 a kubernetes cluster and a default account provider install all configured for you automatically and up until now that required you writing that image to an actual, USB key or an ISO to attach that to a VM or attach that to your bare metal and boot from it and I have now been able to create ansible playbooks to deploy Akash OS against any VPS or bare metal without the need for the iso so that's a really nice update that I'm gonna publish in the next coming days here, but we are able to deploy now a cash OS to any machine without the iso part, which is really nice. Also, probably the most important feature that I'm going to be working on in this coming month on.

Andrew Mello: a contrast is what I'm calling Auto port forwarding. So basically new providers are going to be automatically configured with a public domain managed by akashos.com. And until the user goes in and changes that domain they're going to have a joke like a generic domain name and what that's going to allow us to do is basically manage their port forwarding for them and so for onboarding new providers, and one of the largest pain points we have right and have had over.

Andrew Mello: The time here is setting up the networking doing firewall doing DNS records all that. it's not a good time. And to be honest, It's really excluded a lot of potential providers because that right there is a barrier to entry for a lot of people in a technical knowledge, kind of Gap, people might know how to get through a website or get through an install of something but they're not necessarily familiar with how to do, firewall port forwarding or how to set up their DNS records perfectly. So a Costco Essence is looking to solve that for onboarding new users and onboarding providers and I'm really would like to see a conscious go to market with that as kind of a main feature right to make the easiest configuration possible for someone. So I'm

Andrew Mello: Paying a release around first week of March for that where a new provider deploying The Playbook or deploying the ISO.

Andrew Mello: is going to have a provider up and running automatically and I'm even considering going a step further with it and funding those initial providers set up fees so that there is just zero friction right that initial domain and provider could again be managed in a way that we make that completely seamless to the user and that's really the ideal because asking these new providers to get the akt become firewall experts be domain experts, right? We've got a lot of odd stacked against them. So I'm trying to reduce those barriers to entry kind of as quickly and hearing them as what's most important and I think the most important thing to solve for the new provider is going to be that with auto port forwarding and automatic Dom.

00:45:00

Andrew Mello: And for them so they can just get up and running and then either prompting them for the akt for the setup fee or just doing it for them and worrying about it later. So that's my thoughts on what's coming next on Akash OS and the Playbook will be live within 48 hours or so up on the GitHub.

Andrew Mello: Akash Dash com is now ready for a Kepler integration. So Akash Dash com is where you can monitor your provider earnings and how much your provider has made over time with really easy to understand, numbers for dollars and cents and so a class staffs.com is going to get a Kepler integration where providers will be able to claim their account. So when you go to check your provider right now, they BDO dot computer and it comes up with the stats. You just see kind of read the concept here is to turn that into read Wright information where once you authenticate with your Kepler wallet as the provider with your provider wallet, you'll be able to edit, the page you'll be able to do things like set up notifications and you'll essentially have an account now on a cash so that's gonna enable

Andrew Mello: Them features down the road monitoring notifications all that fun kind of stuff we can start to do with it and expand on and yeah, those were kind of the big updates of what I'm working on with the cost OS And again Akash OS is once again now powering the largest providers in production. So I would definitely recommend you take a look at how it's built. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions for Andrew on anything? He just talked about in his updates?

Tyler Wright: as Andrew just mentioned both with the parade or tool and with the Kash OS tool I would urge everybody to just try these things out to dive into the GitHub repos, test these tools out give feedback about things that you see to the prey to our team to Andrew so that we can continue to improve these tools and make sure that they are production ready but Andrew much appreciate your efforts and the update. Sorry Andrew, we're going to say something else.

Andrew Mello: nope. That was it. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: awesome Does anyone else have any other topics of discussion provider related that they want to discuss at this time?

Tyler Wright: I'm much appreciate the conversation today the updates from Andrew from the praetor team discussions around what Benjamin is about to start building. And again, I'll set up a working group Channel and Discord and also start to set up the first working group session there. Thank you Alani for talking a little bit about your proposal that you put in discussions again reminder for everybody steering committee is happening tomorrow at 11AM Pacific as a part of the agenda. We will go through some of the just active discussions. I know there's a number of that have come in over the last couple of weeks. I would urge anybody that's going to talk about their discussion at steering committee tomorrow to just talk about it at the highest level about what you're trying to do ask what the problem that you're trying to solve and then we're going to continue to promote discussion over.

Tyler Wright: Next week and then again, we'll hear from the steering committee because there's so many discussions happening whether it be around provider incentives where we've been discussion that Alani put forth. Obviously, we could spend an hour on each and I just want to make sure that we're just staying extremely focused and talking about the meat of what's going on with these discussions and then pushing people to get active and GitHub didn't get more feedback from the community. Cool again much appreciate everyone's time today great conversation. this is a couple of action items that will follow up on but if anybody has any questions comments or anything that they want to talk about further that they've heard here today. Feel free to drop in sick providers Channel and we'll just continue to talk async online but much appreciate everyone's effort time and commitment and really excited for what we got going on the future.

00:50:00

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you.

Alani Kuye: Thanks dar.

Andrew Mello: 

Tyler Wright: Over bye.

Meeting ended after 00:50:46 👋

