# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #17

## Agenda
- Update on Provider Features
- Praetor Team Updates
- Discussion on Updated Bid Scripts
- Provider Upgrades to Version 6.2
- Special Interest Group Participation
- Presentation on Provider Build Path

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, May 22, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrew Hare
- Anil Murty
- Deathless
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting notes

**Introduction:**
- Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the providers' monthly meeting number 17.

**Update on Provider Features:**
- Discussion on provider features following the open-sourcing of Praetor.
- Jigar and Deval gave updates on their work post-acquisition.
- Recent hackathon focused on provider contributions.

**Praetor Team Updates:**
- Repositories are now open source.
- Recent hackathon encouraged provider side contributions.
- Update on the progress and next steps.

**Discussion on Updated Bid Scripts:**
- Scott Carruthers working on [updated bid scripts](https://akashengineers.xyz/provider-build-scripts/) in Go.
- Lively discussion on the impact of these scripts on providers.
- Encouragement to follow updates and participate in discussions.

**Provider Upgrades to Version 6.2:**
- Recent upgrade to provider version 6.2.
- Importance of upgrading to the latest version.
- Instructions and support available for the upgrade process.

**Special Interest Group Participation:**
- Encouragement to get more involved in specific projects.
- Opportunities to participate in special interest group meetings.

**Presentation on Provider Build Path:**
- Scott Carruthers has been working on simplifying and speeding up provider builds on Akash.
- Presentation and internal documentation shared for feedback and testing.
- Active community engagement for feedback on the provider build path.

**Additional Updates:**
- Discussion around the new bid scripts.
- Two new provider horizon upgrades to version 6.1 and 6.2 rolled out.
- Testing K8s multi-node products for improved provider stability.
- Encouragement to contribute to open-source repositories.

**Hackathon:**
- Hackathon ended on May 17th with a focus on provider tooling and monitoring.
- Judging of projects is ongoing, with more information to be released soon.

**Provider Reliability and Reputation:**
- Discussion on reputation and provider reliability, initially on Discord and now on [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/576).
- Encouragement for community involvement in ongoing discussions.

**Praetor Strategy:**
- [Document](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/product-strategy/praetor-akash-provider-console-strategy.md) outlining the next steps for the open-source Praetor tooling shared for community review and feedback.

**Cosmos SDK Upgrade:**
- Ongoing upgrade to Cosmos SDK 47 from 45.
- Significant impact on the codebase requiring extensive testing.
- Community involvement in testing will be sought as the upgrade progresses.

**Other Announcements:**
- Andrey is on vacation, so please reach out to other team members if needed.
- Akash Accelerate event on May 28th in Austin, with presentations on various parts of the Akash ecosystem, including the provider.

## Action Items
- Scott Carruthers Continue to work on the provider build path and gather feedback from the community.
- Jigar Patel and Deval to support testing and contributions to open-source repositories.
- Tyler Wright to ensure the [product and engineering roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/5/views/1) is shared and accessible.
- Review of Praetor cloud provider console strategy document and provide feedback.
- All Attendees prepare for testing the new Cosmos SDK and provide feedback when requested.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Just all right, welcome everybody to providers monthly meeting number 16.

Tyler Wright: During these providers on the network. We talked about provider features at the last meeting. We got an update because it was the first meeting after Craig tour was open source, and the pray to our team was acquired by Jigarette and Deval gate a little update. We talked a bit about next steps as we continue to move forward. I will give jigar into all a bit time to give an updates and all the things that they've been working on because I know again the repos are now open source, and there was a recent hackathon where again folks just starting to think about ways to contribute on the provider side.

Tyler Wright: Also at the last meeting there was a lively discussion around the updated bid scripts. I know that Scott who's here on the call has been working on updated bid scripts and changing the structures. So, I believe it's in go and it's just Lively discussion about how that affect providers. So again a great participation from the group on that last call. Since the last meeting, there's been I believe a couple of Provider upgrades. I believe now. We're on provider versus 6.2 again. If you're not on that most recent version, please look for messages in the provider announcements Channel. And if you have any questions on how to upgrade again, feel free to reach out to somebody or just follow the Specific Instructions that have been outlined by Scott and Andre.

Tyler Wright: Before I kick it over to the prior team to give it update or really the overclock team now, but to give an update on all things related to Predator. I do want to see Scott if there's anything that you wanted to talk about the bitage and script that the follow-up the last call.

Tyler Wright: Don't kill obliged. I know that you might be moving around.

Tyler Wright: excellent

Tyler Wright: many of these issues are trapped in the product and Engineering roadmap, which I've attached or I've shared in the chat and I'll make sure it's in the notes as well. If anybody has any questions or comments or wants to get more involved in any specific projects again, feel free to drop a comment obviously take this time during the special interest grouper provider and other special interest group meetings to get more involved live one other thing that I want to call out and I believe This is something that jigarette and Deval have been working in tandem along with their prayer related efforts is around Scott has been working with members of the community but has been working for the last couple of months on making it easier for and faster or individuals to build providers on a cash. He's been sharing do

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: presentation which I'll drop in

Tyler Wright: I'll drop in the chapter folks. That's very Alpha and just like some core engineering Internal Documentation. It's been used again. He's been connecting with members of the community to test out this provider build path get feedback from the community get feedback on documentation. This is something that's being actively worked on by the core team and I know that jigargar and Deval had been supporting with testing again, they'll talk a little bit about it a little bit laterâ€¦

Jigar Patel: I sure so to start from the last meetingâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but there is a ticket that Andre Jigger and Deval have all been testing againstâ€¦

Jigar Patel: since then.

Tyler Wright: which I've dropped in the chat right there.

Jigar Patel: We open source all of our repository in the GitHub.

Tyler Wright: So again across the provider, there's been a recent upgrade to provider version 6.2 that's been tested andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: So now all the new featuresâ€¦

Tyler Wright: number of providers have been upgraded to that version again,â€¦

Jigar Patel: if anyone wants to contribute, it's welcome there.

Tyler Wright: there was discussion around the big scripts andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: So that's a great thing. And since then we also added two new provider Horizon upgrade the one andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: others at Go version. That is Scott mentioned this quote complete and there will be more information.

Tyler Wright: Made a relative to the community coming soon andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: Sorry the 6.1 andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: then again something that's been a focus of the core engineering team has been provider stability andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: 6.2 that's also rolled out on the public.

Tyler Wright: making the provider build process more efficient andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: Currently. We are testing k3 a visibility of the q3s multinode into products andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: that is in testing phases right now with members of the core team as well as a community to get that over the line. So look out for updates there soon.

Jigar Patel: environment. So once that's done put those into

Tyler Wright: Jigar, I know I might have stolen a little bit of Thunder from all the updates that you have,â€¦

Jigar Patel: Basically change the wayâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but I want to pass the floor off to youâ€¦

Jigar Patel: how okay3s orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: because you usually do a great job of giving updates andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: sorry all the multinode provider build happens in Predator from K.

Tyler Wright: all things related to the greater provider cooling. So I just want to seeâ€¦

Jigar Patel: Its to k3s because we are already using k3s in a single node.

Tyler Wright: if there's anything that she wanted to update the community on here today.

Jigar Patel: That I understand.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much again. I believe there's three repos that I've been added by the prior team that now all open source. I dropped in they're all in the constant Network organization. I believe one's p back in prayer front end and then the last one I believe is a greater security. So again as jigar just mentioned if anybody wants to get feel free to chime in and Discord channel for ecosystem Predator again, you can start getting involved and see looking around and specific issues that might be in those repo or feel free to again start a conversation and providers and we'll make sure that the necessary people are tagged and we can continue conversations between meetings there.

Tyler Wright: thank you very much for that update.

Tyler Wright: Again, I just want to mention on the hackathon just ended May 17th. There was a track related to provider Cooling and monitoring tooling. So again, there's some projects that are being judged right now. So look out for some more information as time goes on if any of those continue to mature, but again, there was a number of great entries across the hackathon. So again really excited for all those that participated to all of that participated. Thank you to all those that helped people that were to participating in the hackathon and looked out for more information there coming very very soon.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Russia all Other than that, we always go through the

Tyler Wright: Discussions and see if there's any discussions happening. I know that there was a discussion happening around reputation and provide a reliability. It started off in Discord and it ended up in GitHub discussion. I know this is something that's been previously discussed a while back. We didn't move forward with at that time, but I would just ask if anybody has any thoughts opinions here again, feel free to get involved in this discussion. I know Anil has already done. thank you Anil for doing so but if anybody else wants to get involved or again. Please please get involved in those discussions and just get feedback. Just keep those conversations going.

Tyler Wright: Her anil's response. I do want to drop this in the chat here today. We talked about this at the last meeting, but there is a document that's been put together by jigarette Duvall Anil and the core team around the pratera cloud provider console strategy next steps. If anybody wants to understand at the highest level kind of what the core team is thinking about in terms of next steps for the open source Trader cooling. Please feel free to look at this document. And then again, we can have discussions about this either async in Discord or if anybody has any questions we can have that as an agenda item as we continue to move forward month over month. I'm sure they'll be a lot of progress and updates coming very soon there.

Tyler Wright: Before I continue on does anyone have any questions about anything that's been discussed thus far.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any additional agenda topics that they want to talk about here today, but haven't added them to the agenda yet.

Tyler Wright: One thing I will note just because it's been something that it's come up in the past. I know that Andre who's usually on these calls and is usually supporting a number of providers along with Scott Jigger Deval many others in the community. He's taking some personal time. He's on vacation. So if you see less availability from Andy recently, I know in the past people thought, was he sick with the injured? No, because how responsive he is. He's just taking some personal time. So he should be back in a couple weeks or so. I'm more available with more availability. It does have his computer on with him, but I would ask that folks that usually connect with them again. Feel free to reach out to myself and Insider or somebody else in the community over the next a week or so. Andy's on vacation.

Tyler Wright: those are all of the topics that I wanted to cover for this week against sometimes you have longer meetings where there's a number of folks that are asking specific questions and this month and I might just be a quick update and then we can continue to talk async. Before I let y'all go is there any other topics of discussion that anybody wants to discuss here today?

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: all if not, then I'll let you all go today. I'll make the recording and notes available shortly. And then again if anybody has any questions or comments between meetings, please feel free to drop those in Discord and we will look to get those solved as previously mentioned in the Sig chain meeting yesterday. One of the bigger items for members of the core engineering team is around the continued upgrade to 47 from 45 where we are right now again, that's going to touch all parts of the code base. So on the provider side again, there will be a fair amount of testing over next couple of months. So if anybody, I know some folks on this call certainly have helped with testing the past. So again, we'll be looking to reach out to you as we get closer to testing the new Cosmos SDK and some of the features.

Tyler Wright: So again, thank you to all those that help out that testing but look out for that coming soon as well.

Tyler Wright: All Y'all have a great rest of the day again. If you have any questions for me, please feel free to reach out but we will close out this meeting for this month. And then again, I'll see you all next month Akash accelerate is happening a week from yesterday, May 28th. So again, please feel free to join us live in Austin. There will be a number of presentation. I'm sure related to all parts of the Acosta ecosystem including the provider. But again, really looking forward to collaborating and connecting between meetings. And again, if anybody has any questions or comments about anything provider related, please feel free to drop them in the state provider Discord Channel. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you very much for joining. We'll talk soon.

Tyler Wright: Goodbye.

Meeting ended after 00:15:30 ðŸ‘‹

