# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Introduction and overview of meeting topics.
- Updates on the Praetor App and Console 2.0 development.
- Discussion on Provider Services v0.6.4.
- Implementation details of the new Snapshot Service.
- Review and update of provider-related documentation.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, August 21, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://eyppjrj4mhnx5sbrndju5rgjpdcmejx3c76cn4d7isytmkhceq7q.arweave.net/Jh70xTxh237IMWjTTsTJeMTCJvsX_Cbwf0SxNijiJD8)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- B S
- Deathless
- Deval Patel
- Jakob HÃ¼rlemann
- Jigar Patel
- oo o
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke E

## Meeting notes
- **Praetor App and Console 2.0 Integration:**
  - Jigar Patel provided updates on the progress of integrating the provider process into Console 2.0.
  - The current focus is on transitioning from k2 to k3s, improving the visual and functional flow for users managing Akash providers.
  - The new scripts developed for Praetor are being tested internally, showing positive results. These scripts ensure compatibility for both multi-node and single-node setups on k3s.
  - There is excitement about moving these changes into production. The new Console 2.0 dashboard will include features such as real-time lease monitoring, CPU and memory utilization statistics, and financial data related to leases.
  - The upcoming version 0.6.4 of Praetor will support easy upgrades from version 6.2. The update is expected to roll out shortly, and feedback from the community will be sought to refine the experience further.

- **Snapshot Service Integration and Helm Chart Updates:**
  - Zeke E highlighted the need to update the Helm charts on GitHub to incorporate the new snapshot service, which provides hourly snapshots. This service is expected to enhance the speed of environment setups and testing for Akash providers.
  - Scott Carruthers suggested a cautious approach to adopting the new snapshot service as the default in Helm charts. He recommended a testing period to ensure there are no connectivity or stability issues before making it the default.
  - Andrey Arapov supported the idea of a testing phase and suggested updating the Helm charts after verifying the snapshot service's reliability.

- **Migrating from K8s to K3s**:
  - Zeke E asked about documentation and support for migrating from a K8s setup to K3s.
  - Andrey Arapov explained that while technically possible, such migrations could be complex due to differences in container runtimes, configuration files, and networking setups.
  - He suggested that in most cases, it might be easier to announce a maintenance window and rebuild the cluster rather than migrate.

- **Documentation Updates:**
  - Rodri R pointed out that some sections of the provider documentation, particularly those related to hardware requirements, are outdated and need revisions.
  - Tyler Wright agreed and mentioned that this would be added as an action item. There will likely be a pull request (PR) made to update the documentation to reflect current needs accurately.

- **Community Acknowledgement and Support:**
  - Tyler Wright expressed appreciation for the continuous support provided by community members like Andrey, Scott, Tampa, and Deathless, who actively engage in the provider channels to assist new users and share their expertise.
  - Deathless was specifically mentioned for his ongoing support in answering questions, sharing success stories, and helping new members navigate the provider landscape.

- **Cosmos SDK 47 Testnet Participation:**
  - Tyler Wright invited participants to join the testnet for the upcoming Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade. This testnet aims to thoroughly test the network, review documentation, and ensure all components function correctly.
  - Participants with available bandwidth are encouraged to get involved. AKT rewards are available for those who contribute significantly to the testing efforts.
  - Interested individuals should contact Tyler Wright or express their interest in the public channels. Announcements and updates related to the testnet will be shared soon.
**Next Steps:**
- Monitor the implementation and testing of the new snapshot service and any updates from the Praetor team.
- Ensure timely updates to the provider documentation.
- Engage with the community to gather feedback on new features and encourage participation in testnet activities.

**Closing:**
- Tyler Wright thanked all attendees for their contributions and ongoing support. 
- He encouraged continued collaboration in the provider channels and reminded everyone to stay tuned for updates on the snapshot service and upcoming testnet activities. 
- The meeting concluded with expressions of gratitude from several participants.

## **Action Items:**
- **Jigar Patel & Deval Patel**:
  - Continue working on the integration of the Praetor app into Console 2.0.
  - Prepare and communicate the release of Praetor version 0.6.4, encouraging community members to test and provide feedback.

- **Zeke E**:
  - Proceed with plans to update the GitHub repository for Helm charts with the new snapshot service, following a period of testing to ensure stability and functionality.
  - Monitor the performance and reliability of the snapshot service, and report any issues encountered during testing.

- **Scott Carruthers & Andrey Arapov**:
  - Participate in the testing of the new snapshot service as part of the Cosmos SDK 47 testnet activities.
  - Decide on the appropriate timing to update Helm charts based on test outcomes and community feedback.

- **Tyler Wright**:
  - Ensure that documentation updates are prioritized and completed, possibly through submitting a pull request.
  - Facilitate community involvement by sharing resources and updates related to the new snapshot service and other developments.
  - Coordinate feedback and participation for the Cosmos SDK 47 testnet and engage with interested community members.

- **All Providers**:
  - Review the new Console 2.0 dashboard features when they become available and provide feedback.
  - Continue engaging in community discussions and provide support to new users and other providers.

- **Cosmos SDK 47 Testnet Participants**:
  - Reach out to Tyler Wright or express interest in public channels to participate in the testnet and contribute to testing and feedback activities.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to providers monthly meeting. It's August 21st 2024.

Tyler Wright: During the special interest group for providers monthly meetings the groups discuss anything related to being a cost provider in the past. We've gotten updates from jigarette DePaul and all the work that they've been doing on Trader app is one of the preferred ways to build a provider on the Akash Network making it significantly easier to do that as of the last four or five months jigar and the ball have joined the overclock Labs 14 and are now building pretor into console as a part of the console 2.0 effort. So again console in the future will be a place where folks can both deploy and build and manage providers. We'll get an update from jigarette ball and all the work that they've been doing and some of the next steps.

Tyler Wright: We all discuss a little bit about Andre recently put an updates in the provider announcements Channel around Provider Services version 0.6.4 documentation again, as also getting updated as of now, but again, there's clear path for folks to upgrade their providers. If anybody has any questions again, feel free to ask them here, but I know that's some overclock Labs manage providers or in the process of being upgraded if not already upgraded. So again, we'll discuss that if there's any other topics that anybody wants to discuss feel free to drop them in chat. I know there are some teams that may not be able to make it this month, but there are some teams that are building provider related.

Tyler Wright: Support Solutions and are talking about providing Demos in September. So again, I'm sure there will be a lot of messaging going on in various Discord channels leading up to some of those potential demos. It'd be great to have many of the folks here on this call who again run providers and are very just In tune with the provider experience on Akash to get some feedback to those teams and individuals. Again, if anybody has anything that they want to specifically provider will also discuss that. again

Tyler Wright: One other thing that we'll discuss and we kind of discuss it during six support is in shoutout to Zeke who just joined us. There is a new snapshots service and it'll be available at snapshots at a cash dot Network. This is a service act out by the core team that again has a snapshot on an hourly basis that providers and others can use Zeke. I see your hand Go ahead and Zeke.

Scott Carruthers: Andy may have some thoughts here as well. I had thought about that as well that Snapchat service could be our default in Helm charts. I don't know if we want to give some period time to and I can't imagine there's going to be but a snapshots are working they're working, but we could give it a little period of time to Ensure there are no issues like connection issues maybe necessarily even core snapshot related. So Andy, I don't know if you have any thoughts if we want to update the home charts immediately or possibly give it a short period and then update.

Andrey Arapov: Let's give it some good.

Tyler Wright: I'll put that in action either but I was thinking the same thing maybe we could just do a couple of tests as we're getting into this test net for the cosmos SDK 47 upgrade. And then once we feel a little bit more comfortable, even though I know that many people are using it currently like Scott Zeke's some others. Then we can update their home charts accordingly.

Tyler Wright: But again, there will be some links shared for that snapshot service that is available to anybody in the community again, there's still a snapshot service and Pikachu and some other members of The Wider Community. But this spec for the specific snapshot service was again something that could be overclock managed just in case, there's ever any issues with poker shoe or anybody else from the community, being that they are managing their own businesses as well as the desire to have snapshots available and an hourly basis because that it greatly increases the speed of for those that are looking to set up providers or looking to do a number of tests. Go ahead Andrey.


### 00:05:00

Andrey Arapov: I just wanted to add something about the snapshot. So sometimes when we are creating the network we have High knowing that maybe would stop at the height and then all the notes expecting the new Akash version

Andrey Arapov: and sometimes it's very rare, but it can happen. if they're great those bad that we need to recover from this snapshot up until that I lost last one. So it would be really nice if there's some short service will have this kind of ability to kind of detect the software upgrade proposals that were approved and based on that night in this particular photograph a great proposal that would make this kind of snapshots and so that they would last for longer than let's say an hour what or others like a week or so just in case some things going bad. So we have always listening thought before the third grade.

Andrey Arapov: That's amazing. Thank you very much Zeke.

Tyler Wright: terrific All right again, before we jump into any updates from Digger and Deval on all the work. They're doing related to the provider side of console 2.0. I do want to hand it over to Andrey again. He dropped an announcement for folks to upgrade their providers. I just want to see if there's any questions one from anybody here on the call or Andrey if there's anything that you wanted to specifically call out related to provide our upgrades.

Tyler Wright: excellent Thank you as always Hunter.

Tyler Wright: Thank you for that context Again, if anybody has any questions, feel free to drop them in the provider builds Channel again, I said this at six supports I'll just say it again especially related to folks that are looking to build providers. I've seen a great deal of support from just members of the community answering questions in a timely fashion so much appreciate obviously Andre Scott Tampa for all the work that they do, but I know that there's a number of people in the community that are offering advice on builds. and just supporting new users are trying to get involved in the provider side. So


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: shout out to those people and just saying involved in conversation. I know that he doesn't like to be talked about but I often see deathless in there too. Just like making sure that people are in tune, answering questions providing feedback talking about their success stories, things that they're working on so much appreciate that kind of constant conversation and collaboration with other members of the cash community.

Tyler Wright: All right without further Ado I get me talk about snapshots. We talked about provider service upgrades. I do want to kick it over to jigarette and Deval who have been doing a great deal of work, obviously on Trader to this point and then are continuing to do more work on getting Prater into console 2.0. So Yeah, I'll just kick it over to jigarette and Deval to talk a little bit about what's been going on over the last month and kind of a look ahead and what they're looking what they're working on over the next month.

Jigar Patel: Hey, thanks Yeah, so currently we are working on bringing the whole provider process into console to row and we are actually currently working on making sure that multi-node and the single node works on k3s and converting that process from k2k3s and Visually streamline the whole thing. Yeah, so

Jigar Patel: Current the work is on making sure that power is being built or using this new scripts. There has worked on and whether it's very great. it's working great. We're internally on testing one some of the providers so far. So there is no issue on it. So we are actually moving them into production for our console provider process. And once that's like the whole continent already you're able to see the dashboard. It will see the lazy's that your product and currently holds on it able to pick up radio Provider from it. You're able to make new provider from the process. And yeah, we excited to be working.

Jigar Patel: On Disney process. Once that's done. I will obviously post unto the ecosystem predator and also the provider channels so

Jigar Patel: You can test it out the new process. Obviously. We look forward for any feedback that comes with it. In the meantime. We are also upgrading our Predator based the providers to the new the new 0.6.4, which is we're gonna Just Launch that in and a couple of hours. We're just doing fire testing. So you able to upgrade your printer Provider from six to two six to four pretty soon probably today and so once that's ready we'll also post that update into the ecosystem predator and our Channel as well. So yeah, look for that as well. Yeah and in general

Jigar Patel: Being doing good been very welcome entertained. And we are excited to bring this new updates and upgrading the broader experience in terms of ux in terms of General process in terms of for simplifying a lot of stuff using k3s. So yeah really excited for it.


### 00:15:00

Jigar Patel: Yeah, so basically we are planning to Have dashboard and this Statistics.

Jigar Patel: You don't have to install anything, right you will able to see all the leases in the past you're able to see your CPU memory utilization based on the leases. In the future. We are planning to add these feature where you will able to use your community file to just see your Cube statistics, right? But for now, you'll be able to see all the lazy related statistics all the financial related statistics. Also, you're able to see your CPU utilization every relation based on the release they get the provider.

Zeke E: What about the ability to close leases from that dashboard so there's someone running and that I don't like or whatever.

Zeke E: Great. Thank you.

Zeke E: So with this new documentation and the student build process, will there be an option documentation to be able to migrate a current provider running K8? S and move over to k3s. if there's even any benefit to doing so


### 00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, yeah, definitely. yeah, I don't yeah, I would have to give it some more thought.

Andrey Arapov: Alec on the

Tyler Wright: Go ahead rodri. I'll go ahead and go first andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: then we'll have rodri follow up.

Andrey Arapov: I don't just was wondering about this myself.

Andrey Arapov: I think on the application. it's about like you can actually stop the cash provider service but the older manifest to move them to the new to build cluster, but actually that's gonna be quite complex and I'm not sure will be possible because once you have the container pots up and running and I know that 3s is using low level or container runtime.

Andrey Arapov: it's all about how they can connect and I know that has specific config files which are different from Caterers. So there can be a bunch of mass in configs and also doing how they configure Telecom Network cni container networking interface plugin. I believe there will be so much pain to actually do this migrations mostly and it will be difficult the technique on different provider configurations because some providers may be using different settings. Let's say my cubes pray deployed before version 2.19 which was the distancing a year ago. It was set to I think Conflict for Calico now, it doesn't use it. long directly. So it's just one thing to just highlighted how complicated he could be. So

Andrey Arapov: in my view it's easier to just destroy the cluster and rebuild it by announcing from maintenance window or just like you keep it running these cubes free as well.

Tyler Wright: And we appreciate that Zeke.

Andrey Arapov: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead rodri.

Tyler Wright: Great call out. I'll make sure it's as an action item. I'll probably with simple to make a PR when they have some time to update that as So thank you Roger for calling it up.

Tyler Wright: I wanted to see if there's anything else related to a cost provider to anybody wanted to discuss right now.

Tyler Wright: Again, I'm just tracking the provider Channel again. I know some teams are talking about presenting some solutions over the next month or so, but again just continues to be constant conversation that providers channel so much appreciate that and the providers build channel so much appreciate that. yeah, is there anything else anybody wants to discuss have to let you all go a little bit early and I know there's some next steps that will take in terms of Provider documentation. I know that again prayers going to be making some updates in terms of Provider service upgrades sometime very soon, but I want to see if there's anything else related to the hash provider anybody want to discuss at the time.

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, I will follow up with some folks if anybody wants to get involved in testing for the cosmos SDK 47 upgrade. That'll be happening sometime very soon. Please reach out to me or just drop a note in a public Channel and I'll follow up with you again. Testing will include everything I think the idea is to


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Have folks that want to participate in a testnet look at all of the documentation. Make sure that every part of the network works and then again from there. We'll do some more advanced testing with some strategic partners and some other folks and other clients in the community, but really looking to have folks that again have some bandwidth. There are akt Awards available, but have some bandwidth to test deployments test out things in the console and that would be highly appreciated over the next couple of weeks. But I'll drop some notes and announcements when we get to that time, but if anybody wants singing get involved again, feel free to reach out.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else provide a related then again much appreciate the conversation. There's a number of action items. We'll take from this meeting. We're looking forward to seeing again updates from jigarette and Deval next month because I know that they work again diligently again jigars a new dad and he's still out there grinding. I hope he's getting some time for himself but much appreciate the work for the Prater team much appreciate all that Andre Scott's and everybody else on this call does in helping out the ecosystem as a whole so Thank you. All again. If anybody needs access to the provider build scripts the case way again, feel free to reach out to me or Scott there dropped in the chat here and you can share those as a beta path. But again much appreciated everybody. Look out for updates on a snapshot service coming very very shortly.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all again for all that you do. We'll talk online for sure. See you soon.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, everyone.

Jigar Patel: Thanks.

Zeke E: Thanks everybody.

Rodri R: See you soon.

oo o: live long and prosper


### Meeting ended after 00:27:19 ðŸ‘‹


