
# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Updates on Akash Console 2.0 development
- Provider stability and dangling leases discussion
- API updates and their impact on providers
- Cosmos SDK upgrade roadmap
- Open floor for provider-related issues or questions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, November 27, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Damir Simpovic
- Nathan Ward
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Forbes Analos
- Rodri R
- Vigneshwar Viswanathan
- B S
- Vontario Taylor

## Meeting Notes

### Updates on Akash Console 2.0
- **Jigar Patel** 
  - Added new features to the Provider Console Beta:
    - Deployment page and detailed deployment view.
    - Pricing and attribute update functionality.
    - Persistent storage integration, enhancing control machine access.
    - Capability to reconnect OpenForm machines.
    - Settings for restarting providers.
  - Logs integration:
    - Efforts underway to capture logs for all provider-related actions.
    - Ongoing collaboration between Jigar, Deval, and Maxime Beauchamp to finalize this feature.
  - A full functionality demo is expected in the next SIG Providers meeting.
  - Reminder: Ongoing updates can be tracked in the Akash Network community repo on GitHub.

### Provider Stability and Dangling Leases
- Discussion on issues related to dangling leases and provider experience stability.
- Core engineering team actively working on solutions:
  - Addressing lease closure behavior and improving user experience.
  - Internal tests ongoing with community members and engineering team.

### API Updates
- **Tyler Wright** 
  - Updates to the API for provider-related functionalities:
    - Improvements to the indexer, benefiting the provider side.
    - Enhancements being utilized by the Console 2.0 development team.
    - Pending changes to be implemented soon.

### Cosmos SDK Upgrade Roadmap
- Transition from Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 in progress.
- Key updates:
  - Testnet CLI functionality has been tested for several weeks with community feedback.
  - Upcoming testing phases for clients and providers.
  - Network upgrade planned for January or early February 2025, pending successful testing.

### Announcements
- Steering committee meeting moved to early December due to U.S. holidays.
- Community members encouraged to:
  - Stay active in the Providers and Discord channels.
  - Use the Praetor channel for issues related to the Praetor-to-Console transition.
  - Report issues via the support repo, tagging appropriately for visibility.

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler Wright thanked participants for their continued contributions.
- Encouragement to remain engaged in discussions and provide feedback.


## Action Items
- **Jigar Patel and Deval Patel**
  - Continue development on Console 2.0, focusing on logs integration and feature finalization.
  - Prepare for a full demo in the next SIG Providers meeting.

- **Scott Carruthers**
  - Collaborate with the community and core team on dangling lease improvements.

- **Maxime Beauchamp**
  - Finalize and roll out API updates for provider-side enhancements.

- **Community Members**
  - Participate in upcoming testing phases for Cosmos SDK 47.
  - Report issues and provide feedback through appropriate channels.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG providers. It is November 27th, 2024. during this special interest group for providers, the group gets together and talks about all things related to the AOSH provider on the AOSH network. usually we get feedback from the Dval and Jigger who originally developed something called Ptor an easy way for people to build providers on the Akash network as of the last really six to eight months at this point. the Prador team has joined the overclock labs team and they are working on the Akash console 2.0

Tyler Wright: 0 which will include the provider side of the console and open source experience. We get updates from Jigger and Deval on all things related to their work there. so that's how we'll start off our agenda. After that we'll talk about see if there's anybody else that has any issues related to provider that they want to discuss.  I know that there's been some work happening from the overclock labs core team around provider stability and some things that have been discussed in six support and elsewhere. So again, there might be some updates there, but I do want to see before we hop into updates from Jigger and Deval if there's anything that anybody wants to discuss on the provider side here, feel free to drop it in the chat and we can make sure we discuss it here. Cool.

Tyler Wright: again, feel free to drop in any agenda items during the course of the meeting, but at this point, I do want to kick it over to Jigger and Dval. At last month, at the last sick providers meeting, we got a demo from Jigger and Dval on the work they've been doing around console. and that was quite exciting. That demo is again available on GitHub.  You can go inside the SIG providers inside the community repo, and just look at the notes and the transcript and video from last month. But I'll hand it over to Jigger and Dval to see if there's an update from all the work that they've been working on this past month.

Jigar Patel: So I want to start with the features that we have added into our console beta since the last length. We have added a deployments page and deployments details page. we also added pricing and attributes update features as well.  So now can update the pricing and accurates for their provider. we've also added a pers storage which is a huge thing considering the functionality that actually taps into and all these things the functionality depends on the control machine access.

Jigar Patel: So we also added a functionality where you can reconnect your openform machines if not connected. and then everything is obviously restored in the browser and everything. So no there's no data stored on our site anything. and then we also added a settings where you can restart your provider.  And next thing that we are currently working on getting the logs into those actions. So all these update pricing attributes person storage or any provider build. so everything is a action that happens on the provider side.

Jigar Patel: so we are actually working on getting all the logs related to those actions and based on that you'll able to see those logs as well. So we are actually currently working on it. some of the k are already merged and some of that is in the review right now. we are obviously going back and forth me the wall Maxaro and then yeah based on basically we're constantly working on that hoping to give a demo on the next meeting with the full functionality everything that I already mentioned here and more. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Again, there's a repo inside the AOS network organization where you can track all the work from Jigger and al. and again, there please feel free to use the sick providers channel or the providers channel inside Discord to ask any technical questions. and I believe there still is the ecosystem prair channel for folks that have prator issues that they're currently facing. Again the transition and plans around how things will transition from pritor to akos console will be made available soon.  So yeah anyone have any questions specifically on the work from Jigger and Cool. All right.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: one other thing that I just wanted to bring up very quickly is again around there's been some people in the community that on the provider side that have brought up some issues around dangling leases around just the provider experience in general.  I know that the core engineering team over the last couple of months has been looking into looking to solve some of these issues with a couple of upgrades and provider upgrades that have happened. But again, the core team has been spending some cycles along with everything else you see on the pro product and engineering roadmap around just basic provider stability in general. why some leases are closing at specific times and the behavior around that.

Tyler Wright: that behavior is expected behavior as designed, but again, there's some talk and some work being done to potentially change that behavior for the betterment of the user experience of the provider. So, again, there's been some tests that have been going on internally with the core engineering team and some members of the community. but that might be something that gets talked about at the steering committee or the next SIG provider meeting or SIG support around again some of those improvements to the provider experience. so again, if you're a provider, please look out for what could be some potential upgrades coming soon or at least again some changes that should improve the provider experience.

Tyler Wright: I know that Andre is quite active and does a great job of making announcements in various channels related to provider. Over the last month since our last provider meeting, there's been some announcements going out as it pertains to certain behaviors. Again, many of those behaviors we talked about in other SIGs and have been updated. I just want to see if there's again anything else with active providers coming out of the provider announcements channel or anywhere else that anybody wants to discuss or get more clarity All right.

Tyler Wright: The last thing that I was going to touch on and Max, keep me honest here and correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe there's been some updates to the API that have had a positive impact on just the provider side and I think these are things that are being leveraged by Jigger and Deval as they're continuing to build out console 2.0.  So, I know that Max C, and others have been again working on some again API changes to the indexer and continuing to improve the indexer, especially on the provider side. So, I know that I believe there have been some updates there. If they're not live yet, they should live soon, but I just wanted to call out again some additional efforts from members of the core team around the provider.

Tyler Wright: All is there anything else that anybody wants to share right now? I know there's a number of other efforts being done by community members and members of the core team, but I just want to see if there's anything on the provider side that anybody wants to discuss, ask questions about, or get more clarity around here today.  If not, then again, feel free to use the providers channel in Discord. there's provider builds channel for folks that are looking to again build kind of bare metal resources that they're going to bring on to the Akos network. Again, there's a number of channels and number of folks active in those channels. So, shout out to everybody that gives feedback helps other people in those channels. Much appreciated.

Tyler Wright: feel free to use the ecosystem praor channel if you have any questions related to prator. and then looking forward to our next s providers meeting where we'll get another demo on all the work that the praor team has been doing around akos console 2.0. I'm sure there'll be additional updates around some of the provider stability work and pod stability work that the core team has been doing. and then we'll start to outline next steps on the provider side as we look towards a Cosmos SDK47 upgrade. Again, for folks not in the know, there was a massive upgrade that the core engineering team has been working on as it pertains to migrating from Cosmos SDK 45 to 47. Should be a whole big unlock for a number of things.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: the test net of testing CLI functionality has been going on for the last three or four weeks in both internally and with members of the community. That testing is almost complete. We've gotten a great deal of feedback and implementing some changes there. And then next part of the test net will be clients testing and providers testing of the Cosmos SDK 47 or SDK 47.  So again, we'll probably call upon some people from the community to help out with that testing when the time is right as we look to plan for the network upgrade happening in January or early February depending on testing and how that goes. Cool. If there's nothing else then again I urge people to stay involved in providers channels and Discord. thank you to everybody for joining today.

Tyler Wright: if anybody has anything that they want to talk about, please feel free to drop a message in Discord. If anybody has any issues that they want to discuss, feel free to again talk to members of the community. There's always vanguards and other folks in the community that can help you get questions answered from there. If there's a specific issue, then it could be escalated and folks can open up issues inside the support repo, which is where everything related to the core Akos network lives,  So again you can see tags by provider, you can see tags by node repo etc. so again please if you want to get involved with specific provider issues or if you have see an issue please know where you can report it. Thank you all for joining today.

Tyler Wright: Again, the steering committee is going to be moved to the beginning of December because of some holidays in America, but I look forward to seeing you all at the next SIG providers getting again another demo from Jigger and Deval. and again, we can just discuss anything else in between. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and again thank you all for your constant contributions and support. Appreciate y'all. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:17 ðŸ‘‹

