# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda
- Updates on Akash Console 2.0 Beta Testing
- Enhancements to Provider Experience and Stability
- Discussion on Pod Stability and Lease Issues
- Cosmos SDK 47 Migration and Upcoming Network Upgrade
- Open Discussion on Provider-Related Concerns

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, January 22, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Deathless
- Forbes Analos
- Luna
- Rodri R
- SGC | DCnorse
- Vignesh V
- Zeke Ezagui
- B S

## Meeting Notes

### Updates on Akash Console 2.0 Beta Testing
- **Presented by:** Jigar Patel
  - Beta testing for Akash Console 2.0 is ongoing with active participation from the community.
  - Feedback from testers has been collected, and improvements are being implemented.
  - Stability enhancements have been added to the application process.
  - Logging functionality is now available:
    - Every action related to the provider (e.g., restarting a provider, updating monetization settings) will generate logs.
    - Logs will be visible in the Console 2.0 UI for better transparency.
  - Beta release is scheduled, and a general availability release will follow.

- **Additional Information:**
  - A private Discord channel is available for community members interested in testing.
  - A contributor is working on documentation for Akash Console 2.0.
  - Once the documentation is complete, the Console 2.0 provider experience will be made publicly available.

### Enhancements to Provider Experience and Stability
- **Presented by:** Tyler Wright
  - The core engineering team is addressing provider stability concerns.
  - Some reported issues include dangling leases and unexpected lease closures.
  - The team is analyzing lease behavior and implementing potential improvements.
  - The discussion around these updates will continue in upcoming SIG and steering committee meetings.

### Discussion on Pod Stability and Lease Issues
- **Key Discussion Points:**
  - **Pod Stability Issues:** Some community members have experienced instability in provider pods.
  - **Leases Termination:** Reports of leases terminating unexpectedly due to connectivity loss between the provider services pod and the Akash node pod.
  - **Potential Fixes:**
    - [Issue 161](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/161) introduces a deployment operator to handle deployments separately from the provider services pod.
    - [Issue 259](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/259) focuses on controlling pod restarts and ensuring stability.
    - Community members are encouraged to track these issues on GitHub and contribute to discussions.

### Cosmos SDK 47 Migration and Upcoming Network Upgrade
- **Presented by:** Tyler Wright
  - The migration from Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 is in progress.
  - **Current Status:**
    - Basic functionality has been tested in Testnet 6.
    - The scope has been expanded to include TypeScript testing.
    - Remaining tasks include provider-specific changes for SDK 47.
  - **Next Steps:**
    - Once core team testing is complete, the community will be invited to participate in testing.
    - A formal network upgrade is planned for the next four weeks, depending on testing progress.
  - Community members should stay tuned for announcements regarding testing participation.

### Open Discussion and Community Contributions
- **General Announcements:**
  - SIG Providers and Akash Discord channels remain open for ongoing discussions.
  - Community members experiencing issues should report them in the support repo.
  - Special shout-out to contributors assisting new providers in onboarding.
  - If anyone wants to join Akash Console 2.0 Beta Testing, reach out to Tyler Wright or another core team member.
  - Follow provider stability updates and participate in discussions around lease behavior improvements.
  - Monitor Cosmos SDK 47 migration progress and join the upcoming testing phase.

## Action Items
- **Jigar Patel and Deval Patel**
  - Finalize log visibility implementation in Console 2.0.
  - Work towards general availability release.

- **Scott Carruthers**
  - Provide updates on dangling leases and unexpected terminations.

- **Zeke Ezagui**
  - Continue tracking pod stability improvements and lease fixes.

- **Community Members**
  - Join Akash Console 2.0 beta testing (optional).
  - Participate in the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade testing when announced.
  - Report provider-related issues in the support repo.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Think Providers monthly meeting. It is January 22nd, 2025 during the special interest group for providers on the Akash network. This group gets together on a monthly basis, usually the third or fourth Wednesday of each month to discuss all things related to the Akash provider.  Historically, we've carved out some time as a part of the agenda to hear from Jigger and Dval who have been previously working on the Ptor app providing updates to the community on all the things they've been doing. but as of I think the last pardon me eight or nine months they've since joined the Overcut Labs core team and have been working on console 2.0

Tyler Wright: know where they're bringing the provider experience into the Akash console. We usually get updates from them and then if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to the provider, we carve out some time to have open discussions on any support issues that are provider related, any other behavior that might be good for this group to discuss.  Again, this call is open to anybody to live, listen to the recording later, look at notes, etc. but again, last month we talked in some great deta we talked in great detail a little bit prior to the holidays, got an update from Jigger and Dal and started a beta testing phase for the Akos console.

Tyler Wright: there are a number of people that have participated in that testing of the Kosh console provider experience. there's a private discord channel for those that want to potentially get involved and test it out themselves prior to launch.  There's also a member of the community that is contributing to documentation for the r console experience. and once that documentation is ready to go, I think there's a plan for general release of again the provider experience inside of Kosh console.

Tyler Wright: if there's anything that anybody wants to talk about specifically as it pertains to the provider experience on Akos, feel free to drop a note and we can add it as an action item to discuss. but as we oftentimes do, I'll hand it over to Jigger and Deval to see if there's anything specifically they want to talk about as it pertains to the provider experience inside the AOS console and all the work that they've been doing.

Jigar Patel: Hey thanks thanks D. yeah so we've been working for console general availability phase for the past month there are number of people who are testing for console right now and you have a great feedback from obviously we have said the issues we also major  feedback that we got from the community members. and generally since the last update we have added also some stability to our application process and we also added the logs for any process that happens on the provider side.

Jigar Patel: let's say if you restart the provider if you update a new monetizing right then obviously that there is a associated activities and then every activity there will be a logs so yeah now you will able to see the logs I'm just finish up once that's mer and it will be available on the beta for the first time and then once  we make it GABA the product and it will be all over. Yeah, that's all from my side. I also want to thank the committee member who is working on the documentation. so once everything comes together it will be able for general

Tyler Wright: appreciate it. again, there is an active group for those that want to test out the provider console experience, feel free to reach out to myself or another member of the core team. if you would like to be added to that specific group where there's again appropriate links on how to access the beta provider experience inside of console and you can build providers and see how things work thus Any other questions about the provider experience inside of K console and all the work that Jigger and Deval have been doing?


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: All right, moving along. I know we talked about this in SIG chain around the Kasos SDK 47 migration from for Cosmos SDK 45 to 47. We are in the phase of the test net where again we've tested a number of basis functionity  In test net 6, we've expanded that functionality and started to test some of the TypeScripts and get things going from that standpoint. One item that is still left to do prior to again getting things ready for a network upgrade is just a couple small provider related changes for Cosmos SDK47.  I know that the core team is working on those changes amongst other things that they're prioritizing as a group.

Tyler Wright: Once those changes are implemented and have been tested by members of the core team, I will potentially put out an invitation to members of the community to get involved in test that six so that they can again do some additional testing of functionality around providers as we get ready for the customs 47 upgrade which should be happening in the next I would say four weeks depending on how things go with clients testing.  So again, please look out for announcements that will be made in state providers as well as the providers channel and discord if there's a need for testing from members of the community as it pertains to just a provider experience as we get ready for the network upgrade to Cosmos SDK Any questions there?

Tyler Wright: There'll be some more thoughts and feedback coming soon. All right. moving along again. there are some other folks that usually join this call, but I know some folks have been getting sick as of recently. one thing that I wanted to call out that I know the core engineering team has been working on that affects the provider is just basic provider stability and pod stability. there have been a number of folks from the core engineering team and DevOps that have been looking at the provider experience when there's errors with or issues as it pertains to community based providers or otherwise they're logging these issues and kind of to understand themes and similarities.

Tyler Wright: I know that Andre and other members of the DevOps team have taken some of those learnings and again have looked at Kubernetes and some of the code and I know that there's some updates happening as it pertains to pods. Perfect. Thank you Zeke for dropping in that issue. please look out for our announcements that will be coming soon to the community as it pertains to some of the work that's been going on in terms of again making sure that pod restarts and provider restarts are limited and controlled in a way that I know again has been an issue thus far.

Tyler Wright: Again, the Zeke dropped it in there, but you can look at issue 259 and then look out for again announcements in appropriate channels in Discord and elsewhere when it's time to potentially implement new code or anything to the provider.  Andre, don't feel obliged to talk, but I know that you were instrumental in kind of understanding these learnings and then finding a potential solution. again, we'll drop in some more notes as we get closer, but I just want to see if anybody had any questions or thoughts as we continue to again improve pod stability and improve the provider experience inside of cash.

Tyler Wright: Deathless asks in the chat, does this include the random loss of leases? I know that's something that again the core team is actively been looking at. go ahead, Zeke.


### 00:10:00

Zeke Ezagui: Hey Deathless. Yeah. So part of the random loss of leases and I can find this issue in GitHub. Basically what happens is the provider services pod loses connectivity with the AOS node pod. Whenever that happens the provider pod kills all leases.  So part of the solution of that is issue 161. The first issue that I put in is implementing the deployment operator. So that's going to remove all the deployment responsibilities from the provider services pod and move it to that pod. So it should fix that issue. that's the point of the deployment operator pod.  So yes, it will fix the random losses of leases.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Zeke. And again, as we get closer to this network upgrade, these are things that are going to be shared with the general community, implemented by the general community, and obviously tested as we get ready for the network upgrade.  So, I would ask that anybody here who wants to get involved because again there's a number of folks that are active providers in the Akash network ecosystem. feel free to again reach out to myself or drop a message in the sick providers to get involved in some of that testing or again just as a quick reminder for those that see issues as it pertains to the provider node etc.

Tyler Wright: There is a place to put those inside the support repo as well as a monthly meeting SIG support where those issues are triaged and discussed in great detail and and again we talk about some of those solutions in other meetings but you could talk about potential problems shortcomings and then be on the ground floor to discuss potential fixes during six support monthly meeting.  Cool. I did want to see if there's anything else that anybody wanted to talk about. Again, we got an update from Jigger and Deval on all things related to the Kach provider experience inside console. there should be an update coming from the contributor that's helping out with documentation.

Tyler Wright: again, if anybody wants to get involved in testing, the new console provider experience, feel free to reach out to myself or, an insider or an admin inside Discord and we can add you, to a private channel to help test. there should be Zeke, thank you again for dropping those issues which people can track inside of the support repo and they can follow along as it pertains to again a couple of pod stability issues that we've just been talking about. Cool. I know that we had a couple people just join.

Tyler Wright: for those that just joined again, we just got an update from Jigger and Dval on the Akash provider experience inside the Akos console. there is a private group that is beta testing that experience.  If anybody wants to be added to that group inside discord where you can get a link to test the Akos provider experience inside a console feel free to reach out to myself or reach out to a member of the insiders or admin. I'm not sure if you can see the links but we discussed some of the pod stability issues that I think many people on this call and in the community have been facing and have been discussing.

Tyler Wright: This is something that the core engineering team has actively been working on and again there's solutions that are being implemented or being tested right now based upon again limiting odd restarts random loss of leases. That was something that Deathless just brought up and we just discussed briefly.  But if you want to track the issues 161 and 259 again you can kind of track some of the work that's been going on as it pertains to pod stability which we know has been as a community been a big issue for providers on the AOSH network and has been created kind of a less than ideal user experience for folks that are trying to deploy at no fault of the providers.

Tyler Wright: So this is something that again the core engineering team has been actively looking at different cases understanding the behavior logging things down and then prior creating fixes so that there's greater pod stability for providers on the OS network. Cool.  I wanted to see if there was anything else that anybody wanted to discuss as it pertains to the Akash active provider related issues otherwise.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: If not then again I can certainly give you all some time back. again feel free to get involved in conversations between meetings in the SIG providers channel as well as the providers channel in the Akash discord. Major shout out to everybody here and who might be watching this later who gets involved in providing feedback to users trying to become providers on the Akash network. again, there's too many people here to name, but it's much appreciated for those that are coming into the ecosystem and are new. and as we continue to again improve the user experience, it's great to have individuals out there that can help people actively with their provider related needs.

Tyler Wright: So, big shout out to this group, and those listening in for all that you do to help others set up providers, maximize, their provider experience, etc. Cool. If there's nothing else, then again, you all can have some time back. I would ask if there's any agenda items that anybody wants to discuss in future meetings, feel free to drop those in sick providers or reach out to me.  If there's anybody that wants to be added to this meeting specifically so it not just shows up on their calendar so that they have an active invitation please feel free to reach out to me as well. U make sure that you are added but again much appreciate everyone's participation today.

Tyler Wright: Please feel free to drop in any questions, thoughts or feedback in between meetings in the appropriate channels. And then again members of the core team as well as other folks where share messages as it pertains to pod stability fixes and implementation there. testing and documentation around the Akos provider experience inside a and just general release of the provider experience inside the Kosh console which is coming very soon followed by again the network upgrade which should be happening shortly after. All right everybody have a great rest of your day. Thank you all again for joining here today. Any questions, comments, concerns, please feel free to drop them in an appropriate channel and we can make sure that those get addressed between meetings.

Tyler Wright: If there's any other issues provider related, please again escalate those to the appropriate entities and then make sure that there's clear issues that are created inside the support repo so those can be triaged, prioritized and handled. And again, if there's anybody especially in this group here that sees any other provider related things that should deserve attention, a number of people here know how to get access or know how to contact members of the core team. So, please don't be shy as we continue to try to improve the provider experience on their kosh. All right, y'all have a great rest of your day. Thank you again for, joining today. and we will talk soon.

Rodri R: to you guys. Thanks,

Jigar Patel: and search. You

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Zeke Ezagui: Nice try.


### Meeting ended after 00:19:19 ðŸ‘‹

