# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #26

## Agenda
- Updates on Akash Console 2.0 and Provider Console
- Documentation improvements and migration from Praetor
- Provider services release v0.6.8 and stability enhancements
- Sunsetting Praetor and transitioning to Akash Console
- Open discussion on provider console support and Windows compatibility


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, February 26, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://mu7ryyc5s566vtoa3lbk2y3kpyfhpjt3tdqlbx5fxrkexvdqhw2a.arweave.net/ZT8cYF2XferNwNrCrWNqfgp3pnuY4LDfpbxUS9RwPbQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Deathless
- Forbes Analos
- Joao Luna
- Morris Freeman
- O√Øclid
- Vignesh V
- Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Updates on Akash Console 2.0 and Provider Console
- The provider console went live last week.
- Initial feedback from users and data centers has been positive.
- The team is monitoring GitHub issues based on user reports.
- Existing providers can now connect to the provider console, view lease details, and make updates.
- Upcoming features include the ability to add and remove nodes.

### Documentation Improvements and Migration from Praetor
- A pull request for new provider console documentation has been submitted.
- The documentation is now under the provider section in the Akash docs.
- More improvements are needed, particularly in contextual guidance for provider setup.
- Community members are encouraged to review and contribute.

### Provider Services Release v0.6.8 and Stability Enhancements
- The latest update, v0.6.8, includes pod stability improvements and fixes for lease shutdown issues.
- Providers are encouraged to upgrade to v0.6.8.
- Any additional issues should be reported in the support repository.

### Sunsetting Praetor and Transitioning to Akash Console
- Praetor is being deprecated in favor of the provider console.
- A formal announcement has been made on Twitter and Discord.
- A transition plan includes notifying users in the Praetor Discord channel and redirecting the Praetor URL to the new console.
- After a period of inactivity, the Praetor app will be shut down completely.

### Open Discussion on Provider Console Support and Windows Compatibility
- A community question was raised about Windows compatibility.
- The provider console supports Ubuntu (latest version 24.04), but users can access it from any browser on any OS.
- A proposal was made to create a new ecosystem channel for provider console discussions.
- The existing Praetor channel will be removed after the transition.

## Action Items
- **Jigar Patel and Deval Patel**
  - Monitor feedback and implement new features in the provider console.
  - Finalize Praetor shutdown and transition efforts.

- **Scott Carruthers and O√Øclid**
  - Complete documentation updates to improve provider console setup.
  - Ensure all relevant Praetor documentation is either removed or updated.

- **Community Members**
  - Upgrade to provider services v0.6.8.
  - Provide feedback on provider console and documentation improvements.
  - Test new features and report issues on GitHub.



## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG providers monthly meeting. during this special interest group for providers, the group here gets together on a monthly basis, the fourth Wednesday of each month to talk about all things related to the Akash provider. for some town, for some time now, we've been getting consistent updates from Dval and Jigger who developed Prader. which as of recently is already implemented into the Akash console as a part of the console 2.0 efforts introducing the provider console experience.

Tyler Wright: We've also talked about a number of other provider related efforts. some specific tickets that have that are in the support repo we've talked about here or any other provider related discussions. If anybody has anything specific that they want to talk about please feel free to drop a message in the chat and we can make sure that we discuss it.  Couple things to note before I hand it over to Jigger and Dval to give us an update on the work that they've been doing. again Andre the core team has been g dropping messages in the provider announcements channels as it pertains to some providers that have talked about needing some ance, some upgrade related items.

Tyler Wright: So again, all providers should be looking in the provider announcements channel. I know since our last meeting, there was a provider services release of version 0.6.8. maybe we can spend a little bit time talking about that today or if anybody has any questions about that. but I know that's again, previously there's been some issues that the core engineering team has been trying to work through around pod stability. I know that a kosh providers have been talking about leases shutting down or pods being dropped and not really understanding why and what the behavior is. The core engineering team has been logging a number of those issues tracking them and then debugging over the last weeks really months at this point.

Tyler Wright: but we're at the point where again there's a new provider version that's been released. it's been tested on a number of providers. thank you to the members of the community that have been helping test the provider or test the version rather and now we're at the point where again we're hoping that all providers upgrade to 0.6.8. just want to see if anybody has any additional thoughts or questions about the new provider version. again, there's still some additional work that's being done around inventory operator and continuing to improve the provider, but I think this new version has been well tested and again has come a long way in solving some of those issues that have been plaguing providers for some time.

Tyler Wright: Any other thoughts or questions around the new provider version or any of the announcements inside the provider announcements channel on Discord before we get an update from Jigger and Go ahead Dval.

Deval Patel: regarding the question so regarding the documentation of deleting the predator docs we can delete them or what we can do is that we can change those and you using the new screenshots and that way it's a detailed documentation I would say regarding how  each screen functions and what we are expecting from the user. Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: So Dval and I think people on the call can speak to this further as well. The community I believe we had a bounty or regardless there was assignment of the community to creation of new documentation for a provider council. so again I think there's people Tyler and‚Ä¶

Deval Patel: I think I

Scott Carruthers: others on this call that can speak to this but I don't think that we need to go back and retrofit the old prader docs to the new provider console. I think we have completely new documentation for that and this was actually discussed in a call yesterday. It doesn't look the last I knew and there may be some updates on this as well, but the last I knew that new provider console documentation wasn't yet live on the doc site it was live on the doc site, but it wasn't easy to navigate to.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: So, others might be able to speak to that as well, but yeah, there's been completely new documentation written for provider council.

Deval Patel: I think the same document I approved and‚Ä¶

Deval Patel: for the pull request from the community member you're referring to in that documentation I agree that it's there right but it's very vague in terms of or I would say it's very general but we can improve it or we can guide more or some of the things we have challenges in terms of people does not know ‚Ä¶

Deval Patel: what fields this referred to or what kind of things to look into so I'm saying if we can expand that the same document or stuff like that

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Fair point and I actually wasn't aware of I haven't actually reviewed that documentation myself. So if we believe that it's not complete or need some improvement or some enhancement then we should definitely discuss that as so yeah I wasn't aware of that.

Scott Carruthers: there. Good cover

Tyler Wright: Cool. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Oid who has his hand raised is the contributor from the community that's been working on that documentation. So, I know you have your hand

o√Øclid: Yeah. yeah, we spoke about this. I said, I'm currently working on but I thought it was more important to have what we have accessible to everybody. So I made the PR I just pushed the PR earlier today essentially moving the produvider console docs under the pro providers section in the documentation. yeah, we spoke about updating and making it more user friendly and giving some more context about what's happening and whatever is happening in the dock. So that is what I'm currently doing. I'm hoping to be done before the end of today, but at least the location maybe somebody can look at my PR and then see if they but for at least on my computer the location seems to be more accessible than the way it was before.  Thank you.

Tyler Wright: So, just for additional context, we talked about this during the SIG documentation kind of third of the year call. it was made clear that if you go to the docs right now as they stand and I think I'm sharing my page, everyone can see it under their provider section, you can build a cloud provider like using a CLI. And we talked about some strategies to even clean this up. but right now again there's no way to build a provider using the Kosh console. You can easily find it when you search for it. but again we want to make it so that it's in inside the provider section under build a cloud provider. and we talked about some other strategies.

Tyler Wright: So that's just a further context for anybody here that is talking wondering what we're talking about. So again we want to just have the document creating using a kosh console have it in the provider section.  I think said that that's already in a PR and I think Deval just mentioned that we want to add some more information here on this creating so that we have more context for those that are trying to using the new provider console experience. So again we have two items sounds like one PR is ready to to map it properly in the Aasha networks. Thank you to Scott for calling that out.

Tyler Wright: And the second item is again improving this documentation a little bit to make it easier and improve the user experience which OLED is already working on. Is that a good summation of what we just discussed? thumbs All right. I know since we last talked again, we had some provider services updates that we just talked about.  Shout out to again the DevOps SR team for all the work they did there. I do want to kick it over to Jigger and Dval again last meeting I think which was just four weeks ago because February is a short month. they were getting ready and a number there were some data centers that were testing out the provider console again since then is now and so again I'll hand over to Jigger and Deval just to give us an update.

Tyler Wright: We've already talked about the documentation and some of the next steps there, but it'd be great to just, talk about, some of some of the learnings over the last couple of weeks and then if there is a plan for sunsetting Ptor at any point. if not, then we can just talk about that at a future meeting.


### 00:10:00

Jigar Patel: Thanks Tyler and thanks all the community members. we're happy to announce that we have made u provider console live in past week and it's been going very good. We're getting a lot of feedbacks. we are running kind of u test with different data centers and we are also getting good feedback from them in terms of what needs to be improved and we have created issues and we are monitoring those issues in the GitHub right now and yeah thanks for this documentation as well

Jigar Patel: obviously it's the starting point of the documentation. obviously from here it will be improved and yeah please I'll request all providers to try pro console. you can connect your existing provider to the pro console and you will able to see your financial leases and everything else. if you connect your control machine, you will able to update things as well, right? and yeah thanks T for bringing up the sunsetting the predator app.

Jigar Patel: we just posted a message on our Twitter app saying that we are favoring pro console over the app because that's not maintaining anymore. We are not maintaining anymore app.  So I'll be posting a message soon after this call on both predator discord and our ecosystem p as well asking people to use the pro console instead of the printer app right so we are targeting two to three week once we have no activities on the printer app we will be closing down that completely

Jigar Patel: And that URL will be redirect to the new Ber console. and saying that again we have a lot of things to things like adding a node, removing a node and that's next big feature that we are working on right now. and again we track all the new features in the GitHub, right?

Jigar Patel: please feel free to add any issues that you have and if you have any issues let's say if you didn't issue any please us on discord message us on any ecosystem trader or the provider channel right we'll be happy to help you the normal flows  are working fine. but if you have any confusion, what fields are there? If the documentation is not clear, right? please shoot us a message and we will help you. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank I know there's a question in the chat. Is the provider console going to support Windows like Prador did? If so, then he'll go ahead and test that as well. But is that something that will be consistent in the AOS console?

Jigar Patel: So currently we are only supporting Ubuntu and if only latest Ubuntu right 24.04  04 because the provider service and the acas runs great on the Ubuntu and we recommend Ubuntu right obviously you will able to use any browser any operating system to install everything right to run the process right but the server that you bring in has to be Ubuntu OS So yeah, that'll be a question more to Scott and the core team.


### 00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I wasn't entirely clear and the person that asked the question has now dropped off. I wasn't sure if that was a question on and Jagar, you covered both of these, but I'm not sure if he was asking if provider host and Kubernetes nodes on Windows are supported or if he was asking if you can launch the provider console on any browser or within Windows, which you also addressed. I assume it was the latter, but He's no longer here, so I'm not exactly sure. I kind of took it as does the provider console support Windows for launching a provider on Linux host.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: So of course that would be supported. but again, I'm not sure.

Jigar Patel: Yeah. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Jigar Patel: I agree. we are obviously Kubernetes we shouldn't run the cluster on Windows,  at cheek menson.

Tyler Wright: Again, if he joins while we're here, we can follow up there. Otherwise, we could take it offline. I guess real quick and we can talk about this later Jigger so don't want to put you on the spot but right now inside the discord in the provider section there's an ecosystem Prador channel obviously when Praor gets suns set there's no need for that channel.

Tyler Wright: if some folks have issues related to the provider console, do we want to make a new channel inside there or do we want to have them use the ecosystem console channel that's in the deployments area or do we just want to have them message their questions or comments in the provider section? that's one thing I just want to make sure so that again once the provider console is there if anybody has any provider console related questions they know where to message and who to tag.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, I think tell we should sunset the ecosystem tractor channel once we basically shut down everything like server wise and everything right and have let's say ecosystem provider console because I see we have ecosystem aas console right which is a deploy console right more often right but yeah we should have a channel for specific  users who are trying to become a provider using our console, Have a separate channel so everybody can talk. Okay.

Tyler Wright: That sounds good to me. All right. I know that Oakland rejoined us. I think you dropped off when folks were answering the question that you put in the chat. real quick, do you want to provide maybe a quick more context on the question around support for Windows? Are you saying Windows browser?

Tyler Wright: Could somebody use Windows browser to set up? okay.

o√Øclid: ‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: the Windows operating system. in the proto docs, there's a section that deals with working if you want to host using Windows, if you want to become a provider using Windows.  So I was wondering if the console will still provide that support so that as in I can go I can work on it. I think I can try a provider using the console on Windows and so I'll be able to create the documentation on that.

Jigar Patel: No because that served very small percentage of people who just wanted to try to become a provider and we never got any success on having to run basically virtual box and right so no need to create because we won't be supporting those provider in a future for sure.

o√Øclid: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. All right.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions about the provider console or next steps around rade Cool. Thank you, Jigger, for the update. all right. I just want to see if there's anything else related to the Akash provider that anybody wants to discuss here today. If not then again much appreciate the updates much appreciate everyone's time for folks I know work out some documentation we'll make sure that those PRs are looked at as Jigger mentions if anybody has any thoughts questions concerns about documentation the provider console exper


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: spirits, setting things up, please feel free to drop a message in Discord or create an issue inside the console repo. I think you can label things again, for those that haven't, please upgrade providers to version 0.6.8. and then look out for further announcements from members of the core team that are testing these things and kind of updating the community on some information they get from various providers etc about upgrades and improvements and potential downtime. All right y'all again thank you everybody for your time today.

Tyler Wright: we'll see you all next month. Again, please stay involved in conversations. Just a reminder, there's no steering committee this week. There will be a steering committee next Thursday. A number of folks will be at Eat Denver this week. So, again, look forward to seeing you guys at future meetings at the steering committee and then we'll see each other in a month at the sick providers monthly meeting. Thank you all for your time and efforts. appreciate everyone here and appreciate those watching and listening in later. Have a great rest of the day, We'll talk soon.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

o√Øclid: Live long and‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: bright for everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:42:30 üëã


