# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #27

## Agenda
- Updates on provider console improvements
- CUDA version tracking and audit process
- Verifiable compute and trusted execution environments (TEE)
- End-of-life for Praetor
- Provider build experience and Ansible playbooks
- Recent provider releases and network upgrade follow-ups


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, March 26, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Damir Simpovic
- Zeke Ezagui
- Vignesh V
- Deathless
- Pedro Pessoa
- Forbes Analos
- B S

## Meeting Notes

### Provider Console Progress and Feedback
- Jigar shared that feedback from the global rollout of the provider console has been recorded and addressed.
- Issues and feature requests are tracked on GitHub using the `provider console` label.
- Providers can now upgrade their node and provider services directly from the console settings.
- CUDA version mismatch bugs were fixed and more information is shown for GPU installations.
- Pricing is now shown hourly instead of monthly to match industry standards.
- Upcoming features include adding/removing Kubernetes nodes directly from the console.

### End-of-Life for Praetor
- Jigar confirmed Praetor usage has dropped and it is being sunset this week.
- Providers are encouraged to move to the provider console, which includes all Praetor features and more.
- A message will be posted in the announcements and provider channels before Friday to finalize shutdown steps.

### CUDA Attribute and Audit Reminder
- Zeke encouraged all providers to update their NVIDIA drivers to support CUDA 12.7.
- A new `cuda-version` attribute should be added to allow workload filtering by version.
- After updating, providers must create a new audit issue on GitHub using the provider audit template.
- Damir noted that no existing providers have yet requested the audit, and better visibility is needed.

### Ansible Playbooks for Provider Builds
- Vignesh and the core DevOps team are working on Ansible playbooks to simplify provider deployment.
- The process aims to reduce manual GPU driver and storage setup by using automation similar to `k3s` scripts.
- This will make it easier for new providers to deploy and maintain infrastructure.

### Verifiable Compute and AEP-12 (TEE)
- Tyler provided an update on verifiable compute from the University of Texas team.
- A demo is expected soon and will be shared under the core product and engineering roadmap.
- [AEP-12 outlines](https://akash.network/roadmap/aep-12/) the roadmap for trusted execution environments (TEE), an important feature requested by AI companies.
- A community-led team is developing a proof-of-concept for TEE support, and more involvement is encouraged.
- Contributions to the open-source Akash codebase in Go are welcomed and can be compensated.

### Provider Release 0.6.10 and CUDA Upgrade Notes
- Zeke shared that 0.6.10 included pod stability improvements and several bug fixes.
- Providers are strongly encouraged to upgrade.
- CUDA version tracking will ensure that deployment matching is based on client requirements.

## Action Items
- Jigar and Deval: Launch the node add/remove feature and sunset Praetor by week's end.
- Zeke: Continue announcing the audit requirement for CUDA version attributes.
- Scott and Vignesh: Finalize and share Ansible playbooks for provider builds.
- Tyler: Share demo of verifiable compute when ready and promote visibility around AEP-12 and audits.
- Community: Upgrade to provider release 0.6.10, update CUDA attributes, and complete audits.




# **Transcript**

Damir Simpovic: We can't On and off. Yes.

Tyler Wright: Can you hear me clearly now?

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to SIG providers. It is March 26, 2025.  During these monthly SIG providers Akash network community group meetings the group goes over all things related to the provider and the provider experience on the Akos network. again as we often do we get some insights and some always get some updates from Jigger and Dval who have been actively working on provider console previously pray we'll get updates from them if anybody has any other questions around the provider experience again we do talk about some issues that are in the provider repo during sick support but happy to talk about any of those things here

Tyler Wright: I also will provide a brief update on verifiable compute which is a proposal and then there also is an 8 AP12 around TE that could affect the providers and that could be coming around the horizon. So may talk about that later as well. If anybody has any other topics related to the provider experience on the AOSH network that they want to talk about we can do so as well. I'll maybe call upon Zeke andor Scott because I know there was a recent provider release at least that was tested and I think immented. So may talk about that as well. But as we always do I'll hand it over to Jigger and Deval who have been again working on provider console. I think out of our last meeting in February the provider console was launched and released to more folks across the world.

Tyler Wright: So again, appreciate everybody in the community that got involved in the testing process prior to general release and folks that helped out with documentation.  But again, I'll hand over to Jigger and Deval to give us an update on all the work that they've been doing over the last month as pertains to the provider console.

Jigar Patel: Thanks R. yeah so let me start with what we been working on from last month what we have done. So mainly we have worked on two areas. first is we ran with with the provider console and they gave us a pretty good feedback on their expectations their bugs issues.

Jigar Patel: so what we are doing is we have recorded all these issue and we have fixed majority of those issues. as you can track all those issues in a cast network console repo. you can see the label provider console. majorly that it's been going on and we have given a upgrade node as we had a major network upgrade.  So as you can see all our new console providers run their node inside their provider now.

Jigar Patel: So obviously it's a natural steps to give ability for our providers to upgrade through the settings page. and as before end of today we will launch a provider button as well.  So you'll able to view your chart version for that provider services and if there is a update for any of those two you able to update by connecting your control machine.

Jigar Patel: So yeah and obviously minor stuff where there was a CUDA version mismatch issue that is somewhat fixed we are also adding some more information on what CUDA version we are installing if you have a GPUs so providers be aware of what CUDA version will be installed into that providers we also changed  provider pricing from monthly pricing to hourly pricing because that's kind of like industry standard our DC providers are used to with the hourly pricing for GPUs and so forth. So now you will able to see our pricing on the pricing page.

Jigar Patel: we are currently working on a major feature that will allow our providers to add and remove node from their providers. So basically this node is a Kubernetes node. So you will able to remove the server from your cluster basically. So yeah that's been going on with the pro console. yeah and obviously if I missed any issues that is listed in the GitHub that GitHub will be the source truth where we put all the issues there. We track all the progress there. and we continue working on those issues. please feel free to message me or if you have any concern if you have any issues that is bugging you.


### 00:05:00

Jigar Patel: You can also message into the providers channel. our excellent team of insiders will help you as well. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, igger. I know that we previously talked about an endof life plan for Prey. and I know again I don't think that's hit quite yet. Is that potentially going to happen over the next month? And if I know there's a number of people that actually listen to this recording specifically for providers later because they can't make this meeting. I just wanted to see if there's any guidance you wanted to provide for the community over the next couple of weeks look out and provider channels what around the greater end of life  That

Jigar Patel: So basically for end of life when we announced our G for provider console we also announced end of life for predator as well time was set to from that it's over the two weeks right now. we are monitoring if anybody is using that seems like we have dropped in users.  So we are considering this week for end of life for the Twitter. So before I would highly recommend anybody is using Twitter to move to provider console. All of the functionality that is in the printer is available into the provider console. So you will not lose plus more features are in the pro console.

Jigar Patel: and also right now operator is not actively maintained right now. So you able to not update the provider. You'll able to not do many of those things that you will able to do it in a provider console.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. If you don't mind, Jigger Dval, maybe it might be great to put a message in providers channel and the provider announcements channel letting folks know that it'll happen by end of week and then on Friday maybe just putting up a follow-up message and then with some instructions. I think it's been more than enough time. So, I think yeah, if we could just finish off with those last two steps,â€¦

Jigar Patel: We'll do. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: I think we'll be in a great place. Thank you. Anyone have any questions for Jigger Dval who have been actively working on the provider console?

Tyler Wright: I dropped in a link to access again some of the milestones for the provider console and you can also as Jigger mentioned track all issues inside of the console repo in the issue section. All right. I don't want to necessarily put him on the spot, but I'm going to do it anyway.  So I apologize Vignes Nesh if you're not near a computer and just listening in. I know that this is something that is now public and it's been something that's been worked on by the core DevOps S team.

Tyler Wright: and so again this is still I believe in the early testing phases but I just want to share as we look forward in some of the efforts around the provider experience and provider builds just highlight some of the work from members of our core team who have been again working on anible playbooks and making it easier for provider builds to happen.  So this has been heavily tested or continues to be tested by the core team and I think members of the community will get involved down the road. I just want to highlight some of the work that again is available for folks to look at on the Akos network GitHub organization.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: again, Vignesh, I know maybe you have something you want to say, maybe not, but I just want to highlight the work that you've been helping to lead and drive forward over the last couple of weeks as it pertains to provider playbooks and the provider build experience. I know there's been support from other folks on this call on the DevOps core engineering team.  So again, shout out to the entire group, but just wanted to call out again some work that's happening there around the provider build and maybe we'll talk about it coming up shortly in the next couple of weeks slash months async in a future call. Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I can just provide the group a little more detail and context around that.  So what we're talking about is if you go the traditional path of building an AOS provider so using cubes ready to build a Kubernetes cluster and then doing the provider install via Helm charts and GPU driver and runtime and MVP deployments and things of that nature.

Scott Carruthers: What we're currently talking about is making the process much more istic. So cubes right now you won't have to go through and manually configure GPU drivers and persistent storage. this will be if anyone's familiar with the K3 scripts that we created for a install process that's mostly a single execution.  That's what we're trying to achieve with cubes, right? So, we've come up with anal playbooks to install the GPU drivers persistent storage and other pieces.

Scott Carruthers: So again it will be very synonymous with the K3 scripts where there won't be these individual processes of installing the Kubernetes cluster and then the provider and operators and GPU drivers and persistent storage but instead there'll be available anible playbooks so it will be close to a single execution provider

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Scott. anyone have any questions about that? All right. continuing on with the agenda. again, just want to see if there's anything that anybody wanted to discuss about provider console. or any other efforts before maybe I kick it back to Scott real fast Zeke to talk about the new provider release and some of the testing that's been going on there and then I can talk a little bit about verifiable comput and some other items after that. Cool.

Zeke Ezagui: Sure, I'll take it. so yeah, over the past I'd say month, we've issued a couple of provider releases along with a couple of node releases due to network upgrades and other configuration changes. the most recent provider release 0.6.10  10 was basically just a bunch of bug fixes that increases pod stability and fixes a couple other things. please upgrade if you haven't already. and then one other thing to note is we are asking all providers to upgrade their Nvidia drivers to mass with CUDA 12.7.

Zeke Ezagui: the reason for that is we have a lot of users that are needing the newer drivers. and another thing we're asking all providers to do is to add a new attribute to your provider which specifies what CUDA version you're running. and this is just so that way clients can only receive bids from specific CUDA versions.  So if a user needs to have a workload that is running a new CUDA version let's say 12.7 any provider that isn't running that or let's just say running like 12.4 won't bid and that's the reason for that. So please update that when you get the chance.

Zeke Ezagui: and then once you add and update that attribute, please make a new auditing issue in GitHub so that way we can re audit you so that attribute can be signed.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Does anyone have any questions? I know that these things were announced in the provider announcements channel. again, if anybody needs a reminder on how to access the audit form, that's something that I know that Demir and others have been managing very closely. You can go to the community repo and then under issues I can share my screen right now so folks can see.  You can create a new issue and then you do a provider audit template and then inside here it'll make sure it assigns it to the right people and then you can get followup and you can see all these conversations that are going back and forth with again folks from the core team that are doing these audits as well as providers that are just providing any additional information u before their gets submitted.  Go ahead, Deir.


### 00:15:00

Damir Simpovic: Thanks so I think we should just keep reminding the providers to add this particular attribute and to request an audit because so far zero existing providers have requested this audit.  So, I think it needs a little bit more visibility.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. I'll make sure again we're talking about it here in SIG providers. I'll make sure we talk about it during the steering committee. I'll reach out to Zeke and some others to continue to follow up and give announcements in a number of different channels so that again more members of the provider community can access and stay up to date on all the things that are happening.  Cool. any other questions as it pertains to some of the new provider releases, attribute changes or attribute additions and then, next steps around the provider experience. all right. Cool. Continuing to move along.

Tyler Wright: one thing that I wanted to give an update on just to general community and I guess it's an update. my apologies for that. but the group behind verifiable compute this is something that members of the core team have been pushing on to get some updates on. there is a demo that is expected to be delivered over the next couple of days. that demo will be dropped in here under the verifiable compute issue inside the core product and engineering roadmap and then from there we'll take next steps and try to drive this across the finish line.

Tyler Wright: I know there's been a lot of work from the folks at University of Texas and again just making sure that we're continuing to be aligned and push us over the finish line around this verifiable compute work that they proposed in middle last year.  So again, not really a update that's tangible, but an update to an update that group is actively working on a demo that they will share with the general community over the next couple of days around their work. Any questions around that? Cool.

Tyler Wright: One other item that I briefly want to touch on is coming out of a number of events there has been a lot of folks especially in the AI space that have been asking around about and trusted execution environments. this is something that has not been available on the Kosh network to this point but has been something that has been talked about and is actively on the road map. again the apes I just put a link.

Tyler Wright: These are all roadmap items that either members of the core team or excuse me the core team is going to be working on members of the community or just the greater again a kosh ecosystem at large can look to get involved in these apes are kind of larger efforts that provide feature additions and continue to improve the aos network.  One of the early apes that the community and the core engineering team thought was very important was PE because again this is something that a number of AI companies that are actively interested in using the passion network require. There's actually a team that came into the community that was looking to build a couple of training and inference products and wanted to use a decentralized network.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: they found Akos and thought it was the only one that worked. but obviously they did not have TE support. So they have started to work on a potential solution themselves that they are working on a proof of concept for right now. I want to just bring this up because this is an effort that I think could benefit the entire community.  two, these kind of apes are things that we would love more teams outside of the core team to get involved with. Obviously, the road map is very large and again the core team is quite small.

Tyler Wright: and so it is important for other folks in the community that either see the power of the Akash network or use the Akash network and maybe are blocked by some features that they need not being available yet to get involved. everything is kind of written in Go. and so folks that want to get involved in the provider and node repos, GitHub, excuse me, the AOS network is open source.  So there are opportunities for folks to get paid for their efforts that contribute to the greater good of the Accash network driving utilization or improving the provider experience and so I just want to mention this group they are also working on a proof of concept that they'll look to share and then potentially create a discussion around.

Tyler Wright: This is again an important feature for the network that I'm bringing up in the provider channel because this is something that again providers would theoretically add so they can have trusted execution environment on their provider for folks to deploy on. Does anyone have any questions or comments about APE 12 Apes in general or anything I just mentioned?  I'll take out silence as everyone's really excited and the people listening here are probably listening later rather are probably very excited about that All right. I just want to see if there's anything else that anybody wanted to discuss as it pertains to the provider.

Tyler Wright: I know there's been some documentation changes. always looking for more folks to get involved in writing new documentation guides updating any documentation. But I just want to see if there's anything else that anybody want to discuss provider related on a today. All if not then appreciate the updates from Jigger and Deval around all the things going on with the provider console. Appreciate Scott for providing some additional context on the anible playbooks and some of the work that's been done by big net deir Andre and everybody from the core DevOps team. I'll always appreciate Zeke and everything you mentioned about provider releases announcements.

Tyler Wright: Again, we'll try to do a better job of just continuing to remind people that haven't upgraded that they should and again apply for another audit with the updated attributes. yeah, and again if anyone has any questions or comments, please feel free to drop them in sick providers channel or the providers channel. as Jigger said do appreciate all the insiders and vanguards that are in the provider channel and other channels provi giving feedback guidance etc and helping new providers on board. So thank you very much for your support there. If there's nothing else then again hope everyone has a great rest of their day. for those listening later hope you're doing well and we'll talk again and see providers.

Tyler Wright: We do have the cash steering committee call tomorrow. we may not go in depth in some of these things that we just have gone in depth with today. but feel free to Talk to everybody soon. Appreciate everyone joining us. Goodbye.

Scott Carruthers: Place her in.

Andrey Arapov: and go on fight.


### Meeting ended after 00:26:45 ðŸ‘‹


