# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28

## Agenda
- Provider console update and node management rollout
- Trusted Execution Environments (TEE) discussion led by Dooor team
- Feedback from community and core team
- Future directions for TEE, secure communication, and key management

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, April 23, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://gg7jtun3ijn6w7v4nt773thcdk2lkokllwdybjz6x34gxxe7jovq.arweave.net/Mb6Z0btCW-t-vGz__cziGrS1OUtdh4CnPr74a9yfS6s)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Artur Troian
- Bruno Laureano
- Thiago Castroneves
- Sofia Lacerda
- JoÃ£o Luna
- Andrey Arapov
- Scott Carruthers
- Damir Simpovic
- Alex Pedersen
- Julius Haus
- Rodri R
- Vignesh V
- Evgheni Poleacov
- Zeke Ezagui
- Jannick H
- B S

## Meeting Notes

### Provider Console Feature Update
- Jigar shared the rollout of node management in the provider console.
- Providers can now add or remove Kubernetes nodes directly from the interface.
- The logic detects whether a control or worker node should be added.
- Node removal includes draining and safe deletion from the cluster.
- The update is live in production and functioning as intended.

### Post-Launch Feedback and Roadmap
- Several community-reported issues have been fixed and deployed.
- The team is now working on transitioning from certificate-based authentication to JWT for provider APIs.
- Additional smaller updates are in progress and expected to ship within the week.

### TEE Proposal by Dooor AI Team
- Tyler introduced the Dooor AI team and their proposal to bring Trusted Execution Environments (TEE) to Akash.
- The team has already deployed a working demo and shared a GitHub discussion: [Proposal #872](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/872).
- Dooor has use cases across healthcare, finance, and B2C industries, with emphasis on data privacy and secure computation.

### Technical Demo Discussion
- Bruno explained their approach using Contrast, a confidential container framework built on Kata.
- A shell script installs required GPU drivers and NEV Trust tool for AI verification.
- The sidecar container used in the demo is not part of the final solution due to privilege risks.
- The final architecture aims to use micro VMs and SDK integration to streamline deployment.

### Core Team Feedback and Recommendations
- Artur raised concerns about:
  - Maintaining Akash compatibility with minimal code changes.
  - Risks in using privileged containers and sidecars.
  - Misuse of the term "SDK" and proposal scope creep.
- Suggested breaking discussions into three threads:
  - DMs and key management
  - TEE runtime selection and constraints
  - General architecture and code maintenance
- Emphasized better documentation and diagrams for community clarity.

### Bit Engine and Cost Calculations
- The Dooor team acknowledged the need to benchmark cost differences between standard containers and confidential compute containers.
- They plan to explore how these costs could be factored into the Bit Engine for providers.

### Next Steps and Community Contributions
- Dooor AI team will refine their GitHub proposal, add diagrams, and separate concerns into discussion threads.
- Artur offered support from the core team to explain provider architecture and compatibility details.
- Tyler encouraged the broader community to join the conversation and review the demos.

### Closing Remarks
- Meeting duration: 1 hour, 3 minutes
- Providers encouraged to check announcements and Discord for future updates.
- Steering Committee meeting scheduled for the following day.
- All participants thanked for contributing to the growing conversation around TEE on Akash.

## Action Items
- Jigar and team: Continue shipping provider console updates and prepare for JWT implementation.
- Dooor team: Break proposal into specific threads and add architectural documentation.
- Artur and core team: Provide technical feedback and ensure compatibility with the provider model.
- Community: Review the demo and proposal on GitHub and share input or questions.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to sik providers monthly meeting during the special interest providers. The group goes over everything and all things related to the Akash provider. We get updates from Jigger and Dval who are leading efforts around the provider console. previously Praor we talk about any other provider related updates releases versions that folks should be looking out for any related issues and then any discussions that are related to the provider as well. there's a couple of agenda items that we have right now.

Tyler Wright: I think one of the things we always do is again pass over to Jigger and Dval to get an update on all the things that have been going on as it pertains to provider console. After that there may or may not be some followup about a provider related discussion that's been going on in GitHub. but again we'll kick it off and I'll see again if anybody has anything that they want to discuss in terms of a provider please drop it in the chat and I'll make sure that we discuss it during this meeting. but I will hand it over to Jigger to give us an update and talk about all things related to provider console. So Jigger feel free to take it away.

Jigar Patel: Thanks L. So currently we added one milestone item into the provider console which is in the node management basically we list all the servers that are in the KS cluster in provider console. So it will list all the Kubernetes nodes. you will able to add more nodes multiple at one time single at one time and then based on our logic we basically decide whether you should add a worker node or you should have a control node and then basically will ask you to put the credential in and then it will add that node to the existing cluster it will also allow you to remove the node as well.

Jigar Patel: So let's say if you have a five node cluster somehow one is corrupted there is a drive corrupted or something happened to that node you'll able to delete that node from the cluster and obviously we do it at safe way. we basically remove all the resources from that node we drain it and then we clean it and then we remove that node from the cluster.  So yeah that was the big feature that we were working on for past month or so and we are happy to say that we pushed that to the production and it's working fine right now.

Tyler Wright: I know that again as we discussed during steering committee and during these calls and as Jigger just mentioned, you can track all the milestones that are happening across console. again here you can track some of the items that are happening across feedback that the provider console team has been getting from folks that have been testing out the provider console experience. and there's a number of other issues, as Jigger's previously mentioned that are probably closed right now because they've been merged and they're been released. so again, you can follow along with all issues inside the console repo. you can track milestones and issues related to those milestones there.

Tyler Wright: and then again beyond that you can always look at the client and product engineering board where you can see some of those issues in more detail. Jigger, is there anything else that you wanted to highlight for as we look forward on some of the things that you and the group will be taking on and working on over the next 30 days?

Jigar Patel: So we have a couple of good feedback from the community and we also found some of the improvements that are listed in the issues as and if you go to the issues you check the provider console tag there will be a list of issues that we're going to working on. the major thing that we will be working on is moving away from the certificate signing for the provider APIs to JWT implementation but that's later on but yeah currently we have a good issues there to start with also


### 00:05:00

Jigar Patel: As you can see the post launch feedback we have now two more issues to fix. this will be fixed this week and will be pushed to production as So we are looking to close this microphone as well this week.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Any questions for Jigger on anything related to the provider console? some of the work that's now been released over the last 30 days and then some of the work that is underway and in development currently.  As a reminder, inside of Discord in the providers section, there is an area called provider console support. If anybody has any questions about the provider console, again, feel free to use that discord page. And again, you can open up any issues inside the console repo again once they get escalated.

Tyler Wright: All right. if there's nothing else, I want to move on to an active discussion. I think, the members of the team are here right now. just as a little bit of context and I think some folks are aware of this and I'll drop in the convers I'll drop in the discussion for folks. again, thank you to all those that have gotten involved in participating and giving feedback. much appreciate the door team who's on the call, Sophia, Bruno, and Thiago. as some additional context, this is a team they described a little bit of what they're building with Door AI.

Tyler Wright: they came looking for a decentralized cloud network. they tested up a couple and I think the only one that they found that worked was the Akash network. So they started to build on the Akash network. They faced some issues as it pertained and trusted execution environments as it pertains to how their architecture and their workflow at Door. they came to members of the core team with some ideas around implementation put together this proposal around and put together a demo that they shared with the community about their implementation.

Tyler Wright: They were able to meet with Archer and other members of the core team yesterday and got I think some good feedback on what some next steps are. But I do want the team to introduce themselves. I do want folks to see the work that they put in here. and then I think if they want to go through maybe the pocket demo. I know again Archer gave some feedback to them yesterday about some security concerns even though again this is a way that the problem can be solved and I think this just leads to a bigger discussion while the current implementation that the door team is proposing I think solves the problem for their needs.

Tyler Wright: I think this leads to a larger discussion because I know there's a number of people in the community that have talked about and the need for TE. So I want to take some time at least to bring it up and again I appreciate the door team for starting this conversation and really kind of driving it forward to where it is right now.  But really, I think the next steps are to determine how a implementation of TE could be far and wide ranging and have a number of use cases across the entire Akash network. but again after that lengthy and wordy introduction, I want to make sure that folks are aware of this discussion. If they haven't seen it, please get involved.

Tyler Wright: But I do want to pass the mic to Thiago Bruno and Sophia just to again introduce themselves to the community because they've shown themselves to myself and some other members of the community to be very high quality in terms of technical understanding. They dove into the code base and really got their hands dirty before, really getting to ask the core team questions. and so, they've been accountable. and so this is a team that I hope can continue to grow in the community. So, I want them to introduce themselves, maybe talk a little bit about their solution.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: And I know that Archer has some potential feedback as well that he's again shared with them privately. But Thiago, feel free to just again introduce yourselves quickly andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: then talk a little bit about maybe door for 30 seconds and just the potential implementation that you all were thinking of.

Thiago Castroneves: Absolutely. Tyler,â€¦

Thiago Castroneves: first of all, can you guys hear me? I'm in the middle of the road, so connection might not be great.

Tyler Wright: Yes. Yes.

Thiago Castroneves: Okay, Yeah. So, first of all, it's a pleasure to be here to officially introduce ourselves to the Akash community. We are very excited with the proposal.  We understand there are several concerns and point of attentions but to be honest I look at this proposal and our efforts with very optimism. I used to work in another foundation was very rare to find builders that is really putting the hands on to actually try to implement changes that they want to see in protocol and be part of the protocol.  So door is this AI full stack ecosystem built for several use cases from B2C and B2B world.

Thiago Castroneves: We have several partnerships landed with healthcare industries where they need to provide sensitive data and other researchers that wants to elaborate on those datas as well and do and run researches without leaking data and private information from personnel. we also exploring several other venues from finance and other supply chain industry as well especially in Brazil where we have deeper connections in here plus of course our B2C use case which is providing unique perspective of the human side of things and providing experts and people with unique perspectives without leaking and respecting their privacy.

Thiago Castroneves: So this is a TLDDR on door more than excited to go deeper and I don't know if we have a chance Tyler but one thing that would be good is give a few minutes to Bruno just to showcase a little bit better what we are proposing here. Would that be possible?

Tyler Wright: Yes, I have no issue with you sharing the demo and then we could talk about some of the concerns on the tail end after that.

Thiago Castroneves: Absolutely. So, Bruno, I'll hand it over to you. yeah.

Bruno Laureano: Yeah. Right. hey guys. Pleasure to meet you all. I think rather than let me share my screen. Can I share my screen?

Tyler Wright: Of course.

Bruno Laureano: 

Bruno Laureano: Rather than showing the demo, I think we discussed yesterday with Arthur some pain points in the solution and we are thinking how we can do this work around how we can handle all this pretty valid issues.  So we are still trying to create this architecture part and how we can solve everything and to be as good and seemsly as possible for the core provider team as well and for the maintenance and everything. yeah so there is some points first of all I think an said on the GitHub proposal about the NV trust.

Bruno Laureano: So basically the tool that we are going to use for the AI verification.  So I just would like to talk that we are using it but on the hippos that I shared and on the demo we were just running a little of this shell so this is a ho and on this shell script it's basically an Asure code in which we were discussing with the Asia team how we could handled it that  basically install all the GPUs drivers that we need and then we can create this policy and we just go ahead with the NEV trust tool.

Bruno Laureano: So regarding this part we are using it is the same feature. there is some concerns regarding the sidecar. just so you guys know the pocket demo the end goal is not to use the sidecar with all this privilege as the final production environment because there is a lot of risks on that. actually on the runtime we got some problems in which the host could understand could read the code that is running on the memory.


### 00:15:00

Bruno Laureano: So it is not a good final solution. The idea is to use a confination containers. so we are working on this contrast framework. I'm going to share here but everything that I'm saying here we are preparing a little document to discuss on GitHub as well. basically this contrast is a framework that is running on top of Kada and confidential containers.  So it would be the same thing as using confidation containers and kada but for me it was easier to start with it because it was easier to install and manage and they have a readyate policy manager for the team but the goal and what we are building on the SDK I don't know if SDK is the right word or if it is a framework but yeah that's the last of

Bruno Laureano: the issues. it's basically a way to select in which framework we want to go. So we are using contrast right now. Of course we can add data and confidential components. And the second one would be this inc basically it's a framework to enable web assembly. I don't know we are going to be able to create this end to end in deployment on Aash since Akash is heavily worked on dockers but it is be something very interesting because ins handles a lot of speed for when talking about PE so I think that's the main goal of using but yeah

Bruno Laureano: we couldn't use it with docker. So I don't know that's some test that we need to do regarding the policies sorry the private key management so sorry the private key management so what we are doing is basically something similar as the secret network. So the idea is to have this open-source script and this is something that we can put inside the SDK the framework in which any let's say protocol or any network could launch this bootstrap node.

Bruno Laureano: So the bootstrap node will be the node that is going to create the private key for this private decentralized managed database and this is the private key core of the protocol and then you can encrypt any data with this protocol. Yeah. I don't want to say something.

Artur Troian: No. Yeah, Bruno, go ahead. I have a few questions of our yesterday discussion.

Bruno Laureano: And for this let's say script basically the idea is that you have a challenge. So any type of node could join this network. So I'm thinking about door right now.  that for instance we want to create this private database and we need to have reliability over it. So any type of node that has this script running and has the same OS and the same code running could go here on the challenge request for a challenge.

Bruno Laureano: Basically the challenge we get a random nodes and we send back to the node that want to register on our let's say network then they're going to generate a code on these nodes and they send back to us.  So with that we can check if this new node is running the same exact features as our bootstrap node. If it is we can unseal the private key. We encrypted it with the new node private public key and we send back to the node and then now they can participate on the encrypting and decrypting of the database.

Bruno Laureano: how you say yeah I think that's there is a lot of discussions also regarding the bit engine this is something that we weren't looking at but brought to us this possible issue and that's something that we need to go look into because I didn't find any benchmark  work on the difference on the cost regarding running a simple docker and running a contain computation container docker. So of course there is some difference in that. So if a user wants to run this configuration container we would need to calculate this difference and somehow introduce it on the bit engine so the bit engine can also aggregate this cost for the provider.


### 00:20:00

Bruno Laureano: So that's something else. Arthur brought to us some points about network issues more regarding I think the network code that I need to look into as well because I'm not very familiar with it and what would be the possible errors that could happen. but yeah I think that's the main points but we are going to clarify it on the GitHub proposal and then we can send back to you guys.

Thiago Castroneves: And just one final comment here to some shape what Bruno V is saying. I think our goal with the proposal since the beginning was not to have all technical nuances of every single detail ready and worked on because I feel like this is part of the work it's several things that we're going to do is it's about having a good communication with the overclock teams and the teams are working and building in this part. this is a five to nine months proposal.  Phase one was basically five months and a half and surely if we had all everything figured out from every tail I guess we just could put it on cursor and deploy it.

Thiago Castroneves: so I feel like concerns one thing that it's very important for us to understand is what are the no go concerns that would made this proposal very quickly but what are the concerns that it should be worked during the development of this R&D u part of things. yeah I would love to hear from you guys.  We are again just as a final words we are we could propose a demo I think article last night with several comments there. So I think we thought it was preferred to go over the next step and showcase some of the things there.

Thiago Castroneves: and again just want to finally highlight like our commitment and our work with Akash we have chosen Akash from day one not because any other reason besides it works right and so we want to be close to a protocol that supports us since the beginning and it's a mutual partnerships and we want this go the goal here with this grant is not like the grant itself this is  the first step for us and to build this long-term partnership with you guys.

Tyler Wright: Yes. Again, there are two demos that are available in the discussion that people can look at. but again, I know that Archer has already shared some of his concerns. So, I will pass it to Archer to further elaborate and ask any follow-up questions that he may have. And again, if anybody else has questions, feel free to drop them in the chat just raise your hand and we can go in order.  Go ahead, Art.

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks. Yeah, sort of following up our discussion yesterday, first and foremost, it's really great to see that there's an interest to deal with the technical challenges. I'm still though having quite a few concerns to be honest. the first of all is the pro once again I want to make it absolutely clear that the T is thing that has been wanted and we definitely want it to be done.

Artur Troian: But I want to make sure that before we move forward, with going to the proposal on chain and committing to implementing the thing that there's a good understanding of Akash ecosystem, how it works as well as current limitations that are present because I don't want to get into


### 00:25:00

Artur Troian: to the position or into the situation where we cannot do it until we lift up all of the restrictions from perspective of security that we have on the car provider so what I would like to do is first of all the great demo thank you there's no questions about it however pretty much do everybody on this call except few people the things that  you guys demo especially for example the key exchange is going to be extremely extremely hard to understand from the demo perspective.

Artur Troian: So there should be quite good description maybe some diagrams describing how this key exchange DKMS works right that because from my perspective from what I see there are a lot of chances for the back doors. So anyways the DMGS is kind of separate from the TE. so for that part I would like to see how I get it it's right now is pretty much like a scratch but if you have a good understanding from your perspective we would like to see it written on paper as a separate discussion. Moving on with the once again we absolutely love to get this thing going.

Artur Troian: However, as I want to emphasize one more time that the most important thing is it has to be done in the way that it lays out on the current model of how C works. and that is including current teams that use API and so on so forth. So we are here here to help you.  the core team has resources to give a feedback on the things that you guys do but moving on from the demo let's say from the T perspective yeah the side car is once again it's part of the problem the bigger problem is the privilege mode and other stuff so how we going to solve that so if you want to move on and try to implement this thing

Artur Troian: on the network. I would suggest we need to dig down into how we going to not bypass but make this thing lay out of the current model with one thing one question is the minimal code changes not that I'm against them but rather who is then going to support this code changes and yeah that's sort of my thoughts on any questions?

Bruno Laureano: Yeah, we can maybe discuss that. I will write everything on the paper and then we can just to showcase more clearly how it's going to work. regarded privilege I think and again I need to run more tests on that. I think by running with contrast the provider wouldn't need for the do to send this privilege got equals true for the docker so you don't need to upload this separate site container sidecarâ€¦

Artur Troian: Okay.

Bruno Laureano: because we would build this micro virtual machine for the contrast yeah but the thing is that I think regarding the complexity for the provider we are trying to solve that within the toolings. So the goal is to be as easy to just a door SDK orâ€¦

Bruno Laureano: a cache t SDK whatever install contrast and then we would run everything related with the build.  we check if the user has the AMD and the GPU has the connections. yeah, but yeah, I understand that we still need to make some change on the provider and this a maintenance problem, right?


### 00:30:00

Artur Troian: So regarding the SDK I will talk about it in a little bit.

Artur Troian: So another part that I think I mentioned yesterday is this item that I think they to be honest don't belong to the proposal is develop the encryption MTLS communication between the services within the list and so on so forth.

Artur Troian: I think and I'm kind of confident I'm right on that this part is completely out of scope. So it's don't belong here for a number of reasons. And I think the better approach with that is it's like this thing is application specific. So I don't think it just makes sense to include it here. though it brings important question how to make the communication secure and I think there are other ways to do that and one of them I mentioned yesterday is virtual private networks that we are thinking to implement on a cash and that's going to be much better value for everyone I think is the same amount of effort regarding the SDK we can call yeah I think the SDK is probably not correct

Artur Troian: act naming here because the SDK implies that somebody has to integrate in order for the TE to work and I think that creates a lot of confusion for everybody. So I think it should be change of the name ideally here's my perspective on how the TE should work.  So I create deployment in the I specify I want it in the attributes and that's it then and I just use my docker container that or whatever application that is being built in the way that it can be run on the TE signed blah blah blah and then the job of the provider is to select correct runtime for each and

Artur Troian: every po service services in the deployment and run it on the correct runtime.  So in the way that it can work as intended that however poses another limitation. So let's say you have one container that runs in the key and another container that runs just as a regular area. there might be some limitations about how they can communicate and that is a huge sort of question that I didn't see answer for it.

Artur Troian: So we need to address it as well. So what I would like to for us to do next is break this discussion once again discussion is great. I love it. and it leads us to extremely extremely good conversation and brings So moving forward I would like that discussion to be split into few separate topics. the one topic is DMs.

Artur Troian: So it can be once again I'm thinking about things that you guys brought in the discussion where else they can be used and I think it's way more broad implementation that we need to think about than once again this application specific because the storing keys and exchanging them is quite important in various other topics on the aash akash network.  So I would like to bring this DMs discussion as a completely separate topic and then integrate it with regardless which approach we take GM still will be valid necessity that is needed for various use cases.

Artur Troian: Then talking about the T itself once again I would like to have it as a separate isolated discussion just solely focused on that. So how we can bring it up what kind of runtime we can use for that let's say what changes how accash limitations affect key to be available. So what blocks us? Let's say once again privilege modes and other runtime constraints and other things. and then we can move from that. does it make sense?

Bruno Laureano: Yep. Good news.

Artur Troian: Amazing. Yeah.

Artur Troian: So let's then move this direction and get focused on specific items and then once again happy to have some discussions in the chat or we can have some probably things if you guys need any help from us to describe how a cash provider works how various configurations within it and so on so forth.


### 00:35:00

Artur Troian: Amazing video.

Tyler Wright: Does anybody else Thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Chiego. does anybody else have any feedback about the discussion that they want to talk about live here right now? Otherwise again feel free obviously the door team will be making updates to discussion based upon again conversations yesterday and conversations here on this SIG provider call but I would love for other people to look at the demo see how things have been if they haven't already but just make their voices heard look for updates as pertains to updated discussions

Tyler Wright: from Bruno who I think put up the discussion on GitHub. and now you have met some of the other team All right. thank you again door team for taking some time to walk us through again the work that you've done to this part, some things that you're thinking about and then some of the next steps.  Does anyone else have anything provider related that they want to discuss at this time? All right. If not, then again, I'll let you all go a little bit early.

Tyler Wright: look out for any again if there's any provider related issues or updates releases or tooling. Look in the provider announcements channel. again you can also if there's any related to the provider or any active providers on the network you can also look at some of those channels in Discord as well as a reference point. Again thank you for your time today. Thank you door team. it's very great to have you be introduced and introduce yourselves to the community. Looking forward to again many more conversations and collaboration. thank you all to those that got involved in the discussion. and again please feel free to get involved in the discussion. Appreciate Archer for providing additional context and perspective for the door team and just the rest of the community at large about some of these problems.

Tyler Wright: But again, hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and a steering committee tomorrow and we will talk to you shortly. But again, feel free to reach out in Discord if you need anything in the meantime. Have a great day everybody.

Bruno Laureano: Thank you guys.

Rodri R: When I think

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: Thank you guys. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 01:03:12 ðŸ‘‹

