# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda
- Provider Console updates and demo
- Node management and uninstall feature walkthrough
- GPU and driver detection improvements
- Updates to provider playbooks
- Support and community engagement reminders


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, May 28, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Zeke Ezagui
- Vignesh V
- Joao Luna
- Damir Simpovic
- Rodri R
- Alex Pedersen
- B S
- Chukwuebuka Eze
- Kenny R
- Deathless
- oo o

## Meeting Notes

### Provider Console Updates and Demo
- Jigar demonstrated new features in the provider console, particularly node management:
  - Providers can now add or remove Kubernetes nodes directly from the console.
  - The system validates node configurations for healthy Kubernetes cluster balance.
  - Node deletion drains workloads, removes resources, and logs the activity.
- A new uninstall feature was introduced:
  - Allows complete removal of the provider setup from the machine.
  - Deletes Kubernetes resources, Helm configurations, and prompts backups before proceeding.

### GPU Support and Provider Onboarding
- Work completed to support NVIDIA 50-series GPUs, which require distinct open drivers.
- The provider console now detects A50 and similar GPUs and installs the correct drivers.
- Deval shared that two 5090 GPUs were recently onboarded using the console.

### Provider Playbooks and CLI Build Options
- Tyler reiterated the availability of [provider playbooks](https://akash.network/docs/providers/build-a-cloud-provider/provider-playbook-script/) for more customized setups.
  - Useful for users who want CLI-based or non-console deployments.
  - Documentation has been updated and is available on the Akash Network site.
  - Users can follow CLI or GUI (console) methods to deploy providers.

### Community Contributions and Resources
- Tyler encouraged contributions from Go developers to support provider improvements.
- GitHub issues labeled `repo/provider` are ideal entry points for contributors.
- The community is encouraged to use SIG Providers meetings and Discord channels to:
  - Share feedback
  - Ask questions
  - Track ongoing work and proposals

- Jigar and Deval received appreciation for their continuous improvements.
- Tyler confirmed the recording would be uploaded and shared via GitHub and Discord.

## Action Items
- Jigar and Deval:
  - Continue enhancing the provider console.
  - Monitor feedback and resolve console-related issues.
- Zeke:
  - Maintain updates in Discord about documentation and provider playbooks.
- Community members:
  - Explore and test provider playbooks.
  - Engage in ongoing GitHub discussions and Discord channels.
  - Provide support to new providers and report any onboarding blockers.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG providers monthly meeting. Today's date is May 28th, 2025. During the special interest group for providers the monthly meeting consists of all things related to the Akash provider. the group discusses again previously Prader which is now the provider console and a number of updates that happen on the provider console which is again an open-source tool for guey tool for people to manage and their providers. we talk about other efforts on the provider side whether it be provider related updates provider releases etc.

Tyler Wright: if there's anybody that has any questions about the provider, we also talk about those here today. We have a number of folks that again have been instrumental in building out the experience around the Akash provider both on the backend, front end, etc. So it's a very knowledgeable group that meets on a monthly basis around the AOS provider.  If there's anything that anybody wants to discuss specifically, please feel free to drop it in the chat. Usually again provider related issues get discussed during the SIG support monthly meeting. So again you could see all issues in the support repo that are again the OS network blockchain the core codebase issues related to the provider console.

Tyler Wright: get tracked inside inside the AOS network organization in GitHub. and so you can track issues there. But again, things that are tagged provider related issues that have been escalated and again are being talked about, planned solutions are being developed.  If anybody knows GO and wants to get involved in supporting and contributing to solutions around the provider, again feel free to raise your hand in this meeting or make your voice heard and k All as we always do, we get an update on all things related to the provider console led by Jigger and Dval.

Tyler Wright: Before I hand it over to them, there's one thing specifically that I want to call out and we've talked about this at a number of other meetings, but I have put forth a proposal on behalf of overclock labs around some work that the core team has been doing. this work that I'm dropping in the chat has been related to work around the provider console around manage wallets being done by the client team as well as some core engineering work around JWT authentication and implementation that the core engineering team has been working on.

Tyler Wright: So these are efforts across again the core team of three different teams are working on a number of things and instead of having three separate asks we took all these apes and combine them into one ask. the first and I think we may get an update at the least and maybe even a demo today is AP62. This has been work that has been asked for by the community for some time. but this is work that Jigger and Dval have been leading around provider node management and so again I just want to give extra emphasis to the work that they've been doing around 862 but I'm sure there's a number of other updates. again please if you haven't already get involved in these discussions but as we always do I'll hand it over to Jigger and Dval to give us an update on all things provider console.

Jigar Patel: Thanks So I'm going to start thanking everybody especially this group. it's been very helpful. we get a lot of feedback in discord. from all the means of support channels. and we try to improve provider console as much as that we can do.  And I wanted to present a node management that was a very key feature that was missing in Preater and that we introduced in provider console which let you add a node and remove nodes into Kubernetes that underlying technology that a cast network uses for providers.


### 00:05:00

Jigar Patel: So let me share my screen and we can start demo I'm just going to join back. I think I need to change some settings. give me half a minute. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no problem. As a reminder, while Jigger is reconnecting, again, all things related to items on the provider console side are tracked inside the console repo. I'll create a link there right now. But again, if you go to the console repo, you can see individual issues that are being worked on. Obviously, we have the project boards inside the cost network organization and GitHub where you can track items. But if you go specifically into issues, and I'll reshare my screen again while we're waiting.

Tyler Wright: I think Jacob just rejoined but very quickly if you go screen if you go to the issues and provider console and then you go over to milestones you can see a number of milestones that are being tracked across deploy provider console SDK 47 etc. so it's just another transparent way to track all the efforts being done by obviously the Kosh community overclock labs core team etc.

Jigar Patel: Sorry about that. let me share my screen.

Tyler Wright: No you're fine. Yes.

Jigar Patel: Let me know when you see it. So I just started building this provider and I think the node is catching up right now. but again right the feature that we are actually showcasing right now is node management which if you are no a node is catching up.  you can still add node and remove nodes from your kubernetes right so we'll go ahead and we'll node into this so obviously when you try to add nodes because it's a kubern kubernetes has a set of rules like how many nodes you can add what is the healthy set of nodes so how many control nodes there should be how

Jigar Patel: many worker nodes should be there. so we just give you u some sort of a warning if you are adding a unhealthy balance of the Kubernetes node  So if I'm going to add one node that'll make it two in total one control machine one worker node right so that's what we're giving you a warning right you understand and then you can continue with that we'll continue with that and obviously we'll give you option which one you wanted to add sometimes you wanted to add a control machines sometimes you wanted to add a worker node

Jigar Patel: and then you can select that we're going to add worker node right now. let me just copy the key and choose the file next.  So this will verify that our control machine can connect to that node and verification done underneath it. and we are running u setup commands in the background. this will show that it's going to add that worker node to our mo kubernetes machine and now it's done. So if I go to node management yeah it should come up. So now we have our two nodes.

Jigar Patel: obviously if your main machine is a control machine and the control plane and the control machine you will not able to delete that control node as you have connected our system through that node. So you will able to delete every other nodes in the system once you delete a node we basically drain the resources. we remove that node with what when it is suggest us to do. So drainage the node then remove the node and without any resources isn't there.


### 00:10:00

Jigar Patel: So if I'm going to delete this node right obviously it's going to say exist workloads might be affected removed and move to other nodes and it possible which can cause a restart right or disruption to customer workloads. let's remove and the underlying architecture that we designed is any action that you are performing is a activity for us and then every activity will have a logs to that. So you'll able to see what we did into that particular activity So basically we called on the node we drained the node and then we deleted that node safely.

Jigar Patel: if I go back to node management I'll obviously see the node one. some of you have requested a feature where we wanted to uninstall the provider as well. So there was the issue that we worked on last and then we delivered it.  Basically this allows you to completely uninstall your provider and all the related across things from your machine. So if you go to settings you'll able to see this tensor where you have a button for uninstall provider. So if you uninstall provider you have to start again from the very beginning.

Jigar Patel: then you have to run the initial provider setup screen from there right. So if you uninstall provider it will remove everything helm everything across related services and kubernetes as well. So let's uninstall and see how that happens.  Obviously it will give you warning that this action is irreversible and will result in deletion of provider services remove kubernetes and all the configuration and settings So if you have to back up any keys from there right this is the time that you do it before uninstalling provider because we remove everything.

Jigar Patel: and once you are absolutely sure that you can click uninstall provider and it basically created actions for that and it will just remove everything from it. once it's removed it you can then go back to the homepage obviously now your provider is offline right you can click to remedies and then you can start building the provider again right if you have any question please let me know that's for the demo

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Jigger. Does anyone have any questions about the work around the provider node management inside the Akash console provider experience? Thank I guess Jigger, is there anything else or Dval that you all wanted to mention? I know that you all have been working on provider node management, but obviously you've been working on other small issues, continuing to get feedback from a number of providers that are actively using the Kash console provider experience. So, I just want to see if there's anything you wanted to touch on.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, absolutely.

Jigar Patel: So, recently we did a very lot of ground work for supporting series in a car network. So, 50 series GPUs just for a background requires different Nvidia drivers.  So now our provider console detects a 50 series GPUs and install Nvidia open drivers. that is currently supported because that GPU be used on inside the pods and inside the aces right so we added that support recently. we also fixed u malicious u miscellaneous items that you can track in GitHub as well.


### 00:15:00

Jigar Patel: and yeah recently and I think they has something also.

Deval Patel: Recently we onboarded two 5090 using provider console which is huge. So yeah we are continuing work to make it more and more easier for providers to be on board. if there is any questions and concerns please let us know in discord and we'll be happy to help.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all. Anyone have any questions around anything related to the provider console and all the work that again makes the public good to the community. All right. just checking in the announcements channel. again if anybody has any questions or needs access the providers announcements channel is the source of truth for all providers. obviously discord is the builder channel. So when provider releases come out obviously you can access the provider releases via the provider console.

Tyler Wright: via GitHub. but Discord is another source of truth that walks you through how to do maintenance, etc. and is a great place, especially around network upgrade time to stay in tune in Discord to know when it's trying time to do all those kinds of things in real time.  But again, one thing that was touched upon, in late April, that I believe has been released is, the provider, anible playbooks. again, outside of the provider console experience where you can, build, but, very very successfully managed providers.

Tyler Wright: There is another way to build providers on AOS for those that maybe have a little bit more custom needs maybe want to again get in the weeds on the technical side and have specific needs that they want to figure out and make accessible on their provider.  This is something that the core engineering team and the DevOps team have been working on and have updated documentation.  So again if you go to the network documentation providers on that page and I can share my screen right now again you can track how to use the provider playbook scripts build a provider using the CLI and then again build the provider using the provider console.

Tyler Wright: so again trying to make it as easy and accessible for people to build and then obviously with a provider console goey being able to manage their providers once they're built up and running and getting workloads. I just want to see if anybody from the core engineering team wants to talk if there's any questions about the provider playbooks.  Before I do that, I see there is a question. Will this recording be available in the provider channel? So again, for anybody that's new inside of our the ub AOS network is open source as we all know. inside the GitHub you can see and I hope everyone can see my GitHub right now.

Tyler Wright: You can see a number of repos obviously pinned and then all the other repos that are all open source inside the community repo. That's where all the special interest group working groups and the steering committee notes, transcripts and recordings live. So if you go to SIG providers as an example, you can find every meeting since January 25th, 202 with the exception of some that we're still waiting for some note score. but again you can find all the various meetings and again this meeting will be added here and I can make sure it gets linked in discord as well but again the source of truth can be found not only on GitHub but also again on the network website where you can go to the community section and then see how to get involved, learn about more of the groups and then again


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: find the notes, recordings, etc. All right. hope that answers that question. Jumping back in again, I just want to quickly see if anybody on the core engineering DevOps side wants to talk a little bit more about playbooks.  I know that Zeke recently put a note in the announcements channel and Discord for access and again anybody can find the pro provider playbooks right inside the documentation and kind of track along. If anybody has any documentation edits or anything they have questions about feel free to drop them in in the providers chat. but again documentation methodology is all right there for folks.

Tyler Wright: so again you have the provider console you have the provider playbooks for building providers and again there's different scale different features different ex application and then the console as a way to manage a provider via guey tool. You can also manage it via if there's no questions around the provider console and no questions around the provider playbooks, I just want to see if there's anything else provider related that anybody wants to discuss. Cool.

Tyler Wright: I do want to shout out again this group here especially I think Jigger already mentioned it. I know whether it's members of the Prader team that is now members of the core team, this group again has been instrumental in really improving the provider experience from the build process to provider stability.  I know there's been a great deal of work done by again core engineering as well as members of the community that's been supporting and testing a lot of these things to make sure that the provider is stable as possible.  I know we went through a period where again there was a lot of things that would cause provider restarts. as I have seen it in Discord and other channels. I think some of those issues no longer persists because of again the hard work from folks here.

Tyler Wright: and again, shout out to Archer, and some others that are not here that have also been instrumental in continuing to improve provider stability and continue to improve the provider experience for all. But does anyone have anything that is maybe worth talking about future provider meetings? All right.  If not, then we can cut this meeting a little bit shorter than we usually do. there is a group that was going to give a demo here but couldn't give a demo. They might drop some notes in the SIG provider channel or the provider channel.

Tyler Wright: I believe they're going to be adding a template to awesome aos that will be accessible via the provider console or just via the console experience and via awesome accash around just like provider related features. but again I'll wait for them to talk about just the outside team that's been working on akash features for some time.  So again, there are a number of teams in the community that are working on items around the Kosh provider. I know there's a lot of interest about bringing additional resources onto the network. and obviously we have a number easy ways for people to set up and manage their providers via the provider console as well as the provider playbooks.

Tyler Wright: so if you see anybody in Discord or elsewhere that needs provider support, please point them to documentation. Please point them to a Kosh Vanguard or one of yourselves to help them on board and then manage their providers. There's any themes that you all see, please drop them in SIG providers so we can make sure to discuss them on a monthly basis.  And again if anybody wants to get involved more on a technical level and contribute there's a number of ways if you're a go developer to you offer your skills in the support repo and there's a number of provider related issues that are tagged repo/provider.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: feel free to related to those issues, ask questions in sick providers. and we can continue these conversations async between meetings. everybody. thank you again to Jigger and Dval for all the work. I'll make sure this recording is made available very quickly because again the demo is related to some discussions around some efforts that the overclock labs core team wants to get some support from the community pool. So we'll have a follow-up discussion.

Tyler Wright: There's a the monthly steering committee is happening tomorrow at its usual time where we'll talk about this discussion and some other discussions as well as again go through the typical agenda of all the items that are being worked on by members of the community as well as the core team and then we'll go from there. thank you again for joining. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. please let me know if you need anything. and yeah, we'll talk soon.  Goodbye everybody.

Deval Patel: Thank you. Goodbye.

Jigar Patel: Thanks. Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:29:06 ðŸ‘‹

