# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #30

## Agenda
- Updates on the Provider Console and GPU support
- Provider earnings API rollout and upcoming features
- Open bid visibility and fund recovery
- JWT implementation and testing updates
- Pull request #297 and related community contributions
- SSL support and provider-side challenges
- Terraform provider redesign planning
- Calendar coordination and governance participation

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, July 2, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://53tjhmxisjt7emble3ptryfcfoxq7s2n7rbruke7pbcxa52nsfna.arweave.net/7uaTsuiSZ_IwKybfOOCiK68Py038Qxoon3hFcHdNkVo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Derrick Hammer
- AMerePotato
- Alex Pedersen
- B S
- CriptoRuim
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Fenil Modi
- Fireflies.ai (Notetaker)
- Kenny R
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Vignesh V
- Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Provider Console & Product Updates (Jigar Patel)
- Introduced support for Nvidia 50-series GPUs via provider console.
- The provider console now automates GPU driver installations for new providers.
- Finalizing an earnings API that allows providers to generate keys and fetch USD, AKT, and total earnings between specified dates.
- Working on email notification features from console to providers and from providers to deployers.
- Planning a new feature that shows open bids older than one day, enabling providers to manually close them and unlock escrowed funds.

### Open bid visibility and fund recovery
* Some providers have open bids that are not closing automatically.
* A new feature is being developed in the provider console to:

  * Display open bids, especially those older than one day
  * Allow providers to manually close these stale bids
  * Recover locked funds from escrow tied to these bids
* This aims to improve fund availability and address issues caused by lingering open bids.

### DevOps and Engineering Updates (Tyler Wright)
- No new provider-related releases in the last month.
- JWT implementation is in progress, with a sandbox environment being prepared for external testing.
- Upcoming engineering work includes reworking the bid engine and Cosmos SDK migration from version 0.45 to 0.47.
- Community members are encouraged to join testing efforts via Discord.

### Community Contributions and PR Discussion
- Derrick Hammer raised concerns about lack of feedback on [PR #297](https://github.com/akash-network/provider/pull/297) (adding ingress environment variables).
- A second PR (assigned for candidate evaluation) caused confusion but was clarified by Tyler as a test assignment, not a replacement.
- Tyler committed to ensuring public core team feedback on Derrick's PR by end of the week.
- Derrick emphasized that while he does not expect his PR to be merged, he hopes it serves as a reference for future implementation.
- Highlighted engineering issues related to SSL and the need for auto-domain with Letâ€™s Encrypt.
- SSL issue has been assigned to Luna; priority status remains unclear.
- Derrick flagged operational burdens like maintaining forks and workarounds due to current provider-side limitations.

### Terraform Provider Redesign and Roadmap (Tyler Wright)
- Post-upgrade, Overclock Labs will focus on rebasing and redesigning the Terraform provider.
- Luna is working on a plan to rebase Terraform once the Cosmos SDK v0.47 sandbox is available.
- Community builders like Derrick will be included in sandbox testing environments to ensure compatibility and smooth transitions.

### Upgrade Timeline and Coordination (Tyler Wright)
- Target date for the next network upgrade is September 30, 2025.
- JWT implementation and Cosmos SDK migration must be completed before the upgrade.
- Emphasis on robust validator infrastructure planning to avoid issues experienced during previous upgrades.
- Extensive sandbox testing planned before final upgrade rollout.

### Governance Participation and Calendar Coordination (Derrick Hammer)
- Derrick shared difficulty staying informed due to Discord time zone issues and lack of alerts.
- Suggested removing Discord calendar events and training insiders to guide users to add the official governance calendar with proper alerts.
- Tyler acknowledged the problem and committed to discussing improvements in the insiders channel.

## Action Items
- Ensure core team reviews and comments on Derrick's PR #73 by end of week (Tyler).
- Follow up with Luna on progress and priorities related to the SSL support issue (Tyler).
- Include Derrick and other community testers in upcoming sandbox environments.
- Promote proper use of the Akash governance calendar and improve onboarding around meeting schedules.
- Continue development on the earnings API, email notification system, and open bids management features (Jigar & Deval).
- Monitor and support upcoming JWT testing phase and Cosmos SDK rebase efforts.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the AOS network special interest group for SIG providers. It is July 2nd, 2025. During the SIG providers monthly meeting, the group gets together to discuss all things related to the provider experience on the Akash network. oftent times we get updates from Dval and Jigger around all the work that they're doing around provider console. other members of the core engineering team on the DevOps side might talk about other provider related releases or other updates. and again there's open conversation around anything provider related.

Tyler Wright: So, if anybody has any agenda items specifically that they want to make sure get discussed today, feel free to drop them in the chat and we can make sure that they get added to the agenda. Cool.  As we always do, we'll start off and I'll hand it over to Jigger and Dval who I know have been working on a number of items provider console related and just want to see if there's any updates from last month to this month that they want to share with the general community.

Jigar Patel: Thanks So we are constantly improving provider console and we track all the issues in the GitHub. recently we introduced Nvidia GPU version 570 for our new providers and this support comes in as a onboarding the 50 series GPUs.  So now our network supports the 50 series GPUs with the help of provider console which automatically install the required GPU drivers from the Nvidia. and we are currently working on multiple things.

Jigar Patel: one being is the APIs for providers to look into the earnings. So API will be released soon. that API will help providers to get the earnings from and end date. So basically you'll able to generate the API keys from the R console use that API key to call the APIs. obviously more to come but for now to start with we will have a provider earnings API that will give you your USD your AK earnings and your total earnings from that period of time that you have given. more information will be released soon on that.

Jigar Patel: we are in a final stage of building that so probably by next pro program meeting we'll able to demo that as more we are working on the next role map item which is providing ification. so that is something that we will start working on soon which is in the pipeline right now. this will be basically so notification from us to the provider for new updates.

Jigar Patel: obviously this is like you have to sign in you have to give the consent of email notification. once you have given the consent you'll able to receive a notification from and from providers to deployers. so that is the next big thing that we will start working on. another thing is we start noticing that some of the providers have the open the baits which didn't close automatically.

Jigar Patel: so we are working on the feature where you'll able to see your open bids and older than one day bids probably there are five bits that are open and didn't close and still open for more than one day. you able to see that you'll able to close all those leads as so that way you will able to unlock those funds from escro accounts. So yeah that is the update from product back to you.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. again, I just want to see if there's anybody that has any questions about anything provider console related that's been worked on over the last month. I know that the team does a good job of giving updates.  You can also track a number of these items via the milestones area and on the projects in the client projects board inside the patch network GitHub organization specifically. You can track the milestones inside of the console repo inside the network GitHub organization.

Tyler Wright: I saw your message in the chat. I will talk about that in a little bit. I just want to see if anybody has any specific questions around provider console before before I move on to, the issue that, Derek put forth in chat, I just want to see if there's anything else on the DevOps side, I believe there hasn't been any provider related releases cut in the last month.

Tyler Wright: but just want to see if there's anything from the core team on the DevOps side that maybe they want to highlight for providers here today. Something that may be happening between this meeting and next meeting is I know there's a lot of work being done by the core engineering team around JWT and implementation is being done on the provider. right now I believe there is a sandbox environment that is going to be made available to some folks over the next couple of days to test out JWT. and so again for folks outside of the core team, please look out for updates in Discord if there's an opportunity for you all to get involved in testing. All right.

Tyler Wright: I know that Derek brought up an issue in the chat. this is a that Derek was working on. I think as of recently as March and there was a more recent PR that was submitted by somebody else just for full transparency sake. that second PR was an assignment from somebody that I assigned to them based upon the work that Derek had been doing. This was a technical assignment for somebody that Overclock Labs was looking to add to the core team.

Tyler Wright: we wanted them to take an issue that was existing that preliminary Derek had already worked on a solution and we wanted to see what that person was capable of. The solution that they put forth is not something I think as Derek clearly put in the chat. there was already a PR that did more than the potential solution. and overclock lab is not moving forward with that candidate but just want to provide additional context as to why that second PR is open. I know there might be some idea that it was because of demand but that was a direct request from myself for them to solve an active issue in the support repo. I know Derek you are waiting for some feedback. I think maybe you got some initial feedback outside of that PR.

Tyler Wright: I believe our core engineering team has been working on a number of things but I've made them aware again that there needs to be some comments made to that PR. Derek I know that you may not be able to talk or may not love to talk but just want to see if there's any other questions. I know you're talking about an upstream solution right now.  Just want to give you the floor if there's anything you additionally want to say about the PR 73 that you made the provider repo. Again, if feel and if you're not a place where you can talk live, you can just drop a message in chat.

Tyler Wright: but again I haven't as an action item that somebody from the core engineering team needs to at least give public comments inside that with next steps hopefully by end of week.  Again, if anybody here has any other feedback that they want to give to that or any other active PRs, please feel free. again, I know the core engineering team owes a review, but u always looking for other people in the community, especially in this group.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: There are so many people that are running providers that are extremely technical that can do some validation, do some additional testing and give some feedback outside of the core engineering team. I wanted to see if there was anything else that anybody had any questions about as it pertains to the provider on Akos. Again, I know that there have been some updates made to the Anible playbooks for those that want to build providers that way. a little bit of alpha for this group right here.

Tyler Wright: I know that the clock labs core engineering team is thinking actively. obviously the big effort right now is JWT. After that Archer and the rest of the core engineering team are going to be rebasing a lot of the work around Cosmos SDK migration from 45 to 47. so the idea is hopefully within the next couple of weeks there's a sandbox environment that's available to everybody to again test this rebase code there will be some things that'll be changing on the provider side obviously on the deployer side I also know that is something that again this is very much alpha but I believe the overclock labs core team is going to be spending some time in the coming weeks really rethinking

Tyler Wright: and reworking a lot of the stuff around the bid engine. so I know that that has impact on the provider side or really across the network and there have been some issues historically around the bit engine script and some of the work there.  And so, I know the overclock labs team is going to be spending some time to kind of refactor, rethink, redesign that. So, for folks that, are here on this call that potentially might want to get involved. Again, just look out for announcements in SIG side inside SIG providers or other channels with testing discussions, etc. as that work continues really starts again.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Amir Potato.

AMerePotato: So you mentioned that testing might be needed. I know Pyber is restarting like the Zeli program and I'm semi-helping with that.  Is that something that say a community member could help test?

Tyler Wright: So historically I won't dox them but there have been many people on this call as a part of the community that have been testing many parts of the codebase provider releases etc. Usually our historical pattern has been what the feature is or release is cut. members of overclock labs team will do some testing internally and put it through a number of paces. Then members of the community will put it through some paces.

Tyler Wright: and once it is passed those two tests then final cut is released into general and announcement is way made across discord and other channels. so I think we want to keep with that where maybe we wouldn't use Zeli because maybe some of the members of the Zeli community aren't as technical, especially in the provider, but I would say we reach out to a number of people in the providers channel and the SIG providers channel, anybody else that wants to get involved. There's a number of folks in the community and then again we'll get them access to a testing environment and move forward that way.

Tyler Wright: I'm certainly open to using ZLI as another way to have a testing community, but historically we found there's a number of testers that again have infrastructure and already in mainet that we can leverage from the community whether it be insiders or beyond that can help with testing. again I'm mere potato.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: open to any ideas that you and Pyber have about leveraging Zeli program for testing, but I'm also open to again just making it a contribution and just compiling people from the community to test some of these things. Does anyone else have any other questions or comments or anything else that they want to talk about in terms of the aash provider?  Yes, I can.

Derrick Hammer: Can you hear me? Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not sure if any of this was mentioned because I had to do some chores for a few minutes, so I was AFK. But, yeah, I posted in the comments requested regarding what I'm interested in following up on and figuring out what's going on.  I'm aware that the OCO team has basically been trying to do the core upgrade and so probably a lot of things have been punted for maybe a couple months but communication wise there's been nothing really on this on the subject regarding the two poll requests I linked and I'm not even sure what the core team is is even considering regarding those regarding  main support form.

Derrick Hammer: I'm aware that it probably won't happen and that this stuff probably won't really matter or happen till after the next upgrade, but let's just say I've been sitting on this for probably since the beginning the year to last year and so I would like So I'm trying to figure out what going on especially because somebody else made a poll request that does about half what the poll request mine does which tells me if somebody

Derrick Hammer: needs as well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. â€¦

Tyler Wright: yeah, Derek, I did talk about that a little bit earlier, probably when you were away from computer.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: No.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I had to unexpectedly deal with some chores and I just got back a few minutes ago.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. No, not a problem at all. I was just providing some additional context. so that second request that you see, poll request 297 was actually something that I asked as a part of Overclock Labs continuing to grow the core team. I had a potential candidate do a test assignment. I wanted them to do a test assignment of something that actually Derek I know that you had already worked on a PR andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: so I wanted them to do something that somebody in the community had already worked on so I can get a sidebyside sample to your point. a lot is being done on the provider codebase. So I think the idea is I'm going to make sure that you get some feedback just based upon what you've done thus far.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah.

Derrick Hammer: To be clear, I don't really expect my work to emerge. It was more like frankly I've been pushing for several things to get into the mainlineâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Derrick Hammer: because I'm going because I've been actively building and trying to launch my own service with Sia and I frankly don't want to be managing and yoloing a fork of images like I've had to build my own docker infrastructure on GitHub and I really don't want to have to do that and have to be maintaining that just because I'm having to put in a patching system and my

Derrick Hammer: recent technical requirements basically required me to do all what I've done I've had to do it so I'm trying to get upstream so I don't have to the fight upstream regarding how the provider works and deal with all that crap.  So yeah, my intent and goal with this is not really to get what I am doing merge but provide a baseline for the idea of what's been done because actually a lot of the work was AI created I like my most recent revision to that it's a completely different approach AI created half the bash script some of that stuff it's complicated enough that AI deal that was a lot of it and I have it

Derrick Hammer: and I have it working on my servers. But yeah, I guess my main goal is provide a base point for the OCO team or someone who's better positioned to be doing it to see what I've done and figure out what specifications should be in the first place. But yeah, because I'm pretty much probably the only one that has what I have, but it's also a use case. Understand?

Tyler Wright: No, and I appreciate that and yeah, I will make sure that again people have seen it across the core team. I'll make sure that people give you feedback publicly inside the poll requests based upon that context andâ€¦ we can figure out a way to move forward.  I know that again once the core engineering team is block unblocked on some of these things with Cosmos SDK then maybe some of these PRs and some of these other things can be also rebased and be brought into a sandbox environment.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: 

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't mind rebasing my PR though. I don't ever expect my PR to get merged. That's why I left it as a draft. I expected it'll be able to be used to figure out what the hell to do and then someone core team can basically copy my changes and actually merge it in h and bas based on the ideas I've given. I guess another thing I would ask is that because I know this got signed to Luna is any idea when the SSL effort's going to get done?

Tyler Wright: Can you link to You said SSL.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, there was an issue. I've been talking to Luna for months about this and they finally got a it I guess approved or to be worked on that there's apparently an SSL effort regarding auto domain for West Encrypt that's on the provider side. there's no PR yet,â€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Okay, I'll get Okay.

Derrick Hammer: but there was an issue finally open for it.

Tyler Wright: So, there's an active issue for this andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: it's assigned to Luna right now.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. â€¦

Derrick Hammer: yeah. Luna told me that he's been warning as well. finally So, I think he's assigned to it, but it's not clear as to where that is priority wise either. which I'm glad that it's actually an issue finally.

Derrick Hammer: It's been something that's been a pain in the butt since the beginning of the year.

Derrick Hammer: But yeah, main but yeah, from my perspective, probably the bigger two problems I've have running into is that EMV PR situation and SSL stuff because that's been a real headache on engineering for my work. I've had wait I ran into a lot of problems with different components and I'm actually having to pay for extra IP space from my ISP provider just so I can do what I need to do because I can't use SNISSL which is kind of dumb.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Okay. Awesome.

Derrick Hammer: fell. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I know Derek,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I really do appreciate you bringing up these issues. I'm going to follow up with Luna and make sure that there's a response that's made publicly and linked in the SIG providers channel. and then again I'll make sure that there's a comment made to your pull requests, understanding that you're not looking for that pull request to be merged, but you just want people to think about it more and whether it be somebody from the core team or somebody from the community to come up with a solution that is merged.

Derrick Hammer: I spend enough time I Yeah.

Derrick Hammer: I spend enough time for my needs to be solved temporarily and I'm managing and such that I don't think I'm going to have issues necessarily in the short term or longest and necessarily but I want to know basically I ideally be put on the road map if it applies but figure out where when it's going to fall into R&D for it to be done  So I can basically figure out how figure out when I can expect it to be done so I can deal with it on my end.

Derrick Hammer: But yeah but yeah I'm not expecting emergeâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: but I am warning it to eventually get upstreamed something to solve the problem so that so I don't have to keep a fork in the network.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: No, I appreciate that and I appreciate you bringing it up here. Anyone else have any other comments?

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. No.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Any other feedback? has anyone else here been able to look at Derek's or does anyone else have the same issue so this can be more properly prioritized? Derek, I also think this is a perfect place to have this conversation. I would also say SIG support just another meeting where we talk about everything in the support repo.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've been in sixport too when I brought things up in sixport in the past. Sorry I haven't been in governance, but let's just say that I've been having very chaotic work times and frankly I've actually had I've actually had a very hard time until recently figuring out the governance calendar and not and getting worded correctly and things always happen at long times for me.  So I'd kind of been missing from any governments for months because I just couldn't get the coordination So yeah, So I've literally let's say they tried pretty hard today to make sure I was round to even be able to discuss this. I've had a very hard time getting into the calls. And that's not really anyone else's fault.


### 00:25:00

Derrick Hammer: It's just more of just coordination of even and not being alerted correctly to be when something's happening.

Tyler Wright: Gotcha. â€¦

Tyler Wright: again, we're glad that you're here today. any other provider related discussion that anybody wants to bring up at this time? I have a number of other action items that I'll be following up offline and I'll make sure again people follow up in public channels, but does anyone have anything else provider related they wanted to discuss here while we're all here together in the special interest group monthly meeting?

Derrick Hammer: Can you give a reminder when is the actual full upgrade expected to happen for the network?

Derrick Hammer: Sorry, I said I've been out of touch on a lot of different stuff. So, I haven't been so I don't have every single bit of information.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, not a problem at all.

Tyler Wright: So really and the date has changed so don't Yeah,â€¦

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. where what I can tell in what I've seen in the workflows you guys have been having a bit of issues so yeah I'm aware you've been pushing it back

Tyler Wright: obviously the core team is quite small. and we have a number of active clients that are using the AOS network and really spending a fair amount of money and when they have specific issues that they come into, it sometimes rep prioritizes how the core engineering team is spending their time.  What I will say is to answer your question very specifically, the goal right now is to have the next network upgrade September 30th or sometime around that in 2025. The goal right now is again the core engineering team is finishing up implementation on the provider side for JWT. There will be a sandbox testing environment that will be underway to test out some of the features there.

Tyler Wright: After that, the core engineering team will be very much head down rebasing a lot of the changes that have already been made for the Cosmos SDK migration 45 to 47 andâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: Jesus. Amen.

Tyler Wright: then the DevOps team, the core engineering team are going to be figuring out and determining exactly what validator infrastructure is needed, the validator plan. Obviously, the last network upgrade was massive. because validators didn't have proper infrastructure, there was a number of issues that came into play throughout the upgrade experience. This upgrade will be even more massive than that. So, it's really important for us to do proper planning. So, there will be at least a month orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: two of testing inside a sandbox environment that people in this community will have. Obviously, people working on Terraform, people working on other clients will have access to sandbox to make sure everything's implemented. So, long story short,â€¦

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, that wasn't Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: September 30th.

Derrick Hammer: that's something I was going to ask, but I guess what you're saying is that you've gotten bit worse and worn less in the past. so you're probably doubling the effort to testing to make sure you make sure you have more fops.

Tyler Wright: Exactly. andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: and really making sure that folks like yourself that are building actively on top of Akos can also have access to that sandbox environment so that when the network upgrade happens there is a seamless transition post network upgrade and people's applications and integrations aren't broken as well.

Derrick Hammer: I guess my last questionâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: then is because I have gotten some of this from Luna but I haven't but I'm not sure but I'm not sure where everything is

Derrick Hammer: do you have any recent information on where the OCO team is on redesigning the terash provider because I know Luna basically created the initial version of that and that's pretty much another very core go that my servers running with and so that's I guess a third priority for me is I know that that's not really going to happenâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: until after the upgrade I was actually told by him that apparently you guys are doing some planning for it already.

Tyler Wright: Yes, exactly.

Tyler Wright: Very much and again, Derek, I'll make sure that you have access to the sandbox environment.  The plan is after the sandbox is opened up for the Cosmos SDK 47 changes that Luna and the team behind Terraform have access will be able to rebase and be able to update their infrastructure so that again when the network upgrade happens it's seamless. So I know that Luna is putting together a plan right now that I think is going to be shared more widely.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: I think we talked a little bit about it yesterday in SIG clients. but again over the next couple of weeks slash month there will be a sandbox environment available that you will have access to that Luna will have access to that anybody that's building clients orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: integrations on top of Akos will have access to really make sure that everything is seamless post upgrade which is planned for September 29th 30th.

Derrick Hammer: So to be clear are you saying that up the upgrade will everything be completely done full stop by the end of Q3 roughly orâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: things will be starting or the upgrade process will be started by end Q3 and take an extra month or

Derrick Hammer: Okay.

Tyler Wright: So what I'm saying is that by the end of Q3 andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: again this is subject to change so don't nobody hold this to me but right now the plan is that over the next couple of months the work will be done and then on September 3rd  30th the network upgrade will be happen. That work will already be completed and so the network will continue on beyond that point.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No problem. Just trying to get clarification. I have my own quarterly provide priorities for my work. So I'm just trying to figure out how things align up for what's happening I'm part of several ecosystems. So tracking all that just trying to figure out big picture where things are falling at.

Derrick Hammer: So yeah,â€¦

Derrick Hammer: just wanted to get clarification when that's actually happening. And I assume that after the upgrade is everyone will be able to start focusing on the I guess pending feature requests and support items have been kind of just left to be sailed because everybody's probably trying to get the act v1 and too busy doing anything else.

Tyler Wright: No. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Exactly.

Derrick Hammer: No problem. Yeah, I appreciate getting the update. Yeah, and I'm not really annoyed or anything to be clear. I kind of knew that you guys are kind of bottlenecked, but not all this is communicated outside the governance calls and it's still very chaotic to figure out what's going on. So, yeah, wanted to want to get a big picture of that information.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no problem.

Tyler Wright: I hope again as things continue to change if they do, I'll make sure that there's updates made available on Discord. Obviously, you can always look at the recordings, but happy to have you here and answer these questions live to the best of my ability.

Derrick Hammer: Yep, no problem.

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, I know everyone's busy, so yeah, I figured this one was the best way to get my answers. And and I'll say one little thing I found is that and I found this a hard way because I actually tried joining this call last month and apparently Discord is completely busted in the time zones and only way I was able I was and I'm not sure why but it took me a while to figure this out but I finally figured out how to get the governor's calendar on the act website

Derrick Hammer: the important my account to get email alerts. it's surprising, but that's actually very much a pain in the ass to figure outâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: how to get properly alerted for everything in the calendar. and I've been here and I've been in the community for what, six months? I've had very hard time figuring that out.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I agree with you on Discord.

Tyler Wright: It's been challenging to use it. There have been times where it'll be messed up time zone.

Tyler Wright: Somebody let me know. I'll try to make a change and it just won't even reflect that change. I always say the source of the truth is community calendar. I haven't had the same issue and I've been able to direct other people around how to add that calendar to their own calendar. But I'm glad that you have it sorted out. And again,â€¦

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, I think from a sport perspective,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I always use say No,â€¦

Derrick Hammer: I almost feel like if the calendar can't work correctly, just disable it from Discord and try to provide

Derrick Hammer: and have the insider group be trained to redirect everyone to an FAQ on how to get the counters for governance including any workarounds because that has wasted a lot of time and outside my own problems of coordination not being able is probably the biggest one.

Tyler Wright: I think that's good feedback. I'll take that to the insiders channel andâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, becauseâ€¦

Tyler Wright: we can iterate there.


### 00:35:00

Derrick Hammer: because the biggest thing is that because I used to get alerts from other community representatives that were doing governance coordination and other chains and it was very useful for whenever it was in Discord and I got alerted saying, "Hey, this call is starting now and I would jump into it." But last time I jumped into it, I was a flipping an hour late. So yeah.

Derrick Hammer: And so, yeah, I think that that can't be done correctly. It just needs to be removed and made sure that people have that figured out correctly because that's happened apparently one too many times.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, just want to be conscious of everyone's time. again, if there's nothing else provider related, then I'll let you all go. much appreciate the conversation today andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: again I'll follow up on some of the things that we talked about today andâ€¦

Derrick Hammer: Yeah, no problem.

Tyler Wright: make sure Awesome.

Derrick Hammer: I don't have any more rambling to do. That was probably the only thing is of substance to give. Yeah. I'm good.

Tyler Wright: Again, if anybody else has anything, please feel free to use the sick providers channel. and I will follow up with some of the items on my plate related to some of the PRs and some of the other items for testing. make those announcements in Discord and other channels. But a great conversation today. thank you everybody for your participation. Please let me know if you need anything else or please feel free to reach out to myself or insider Vanguard another member of the core team if you need any help with anything provider related. Thank you Jigger and Dval always for giving updates on provider console. and we'll see you all very soon. But thank you all for your participation today.

Zeke Ezagui: I'm sorry,

Tyler Wright: Have a great day y'all.


### Meeting ended after 00:55:53 ðŸ‘‹


