# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #33

## Agenda  
- Provider Console updates and ongoing development progress  
- Status of Cosmos SDK 53 migration and upcoming network upgrade  
- Overview of recent provider release and rollout plan for JWT implementation  
- Open discussion on new provider onboarding and Dubai provider proposal  
- Community feedback, governance participation, and communication reminders  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, September 24, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://66bij66asuf6ml4c77csv6exddzm7hd74nxj5paxliyfgxarqxua.arweave.net/94KE-8CVC-Yvgv_FKviXGPLPnH_jbp68F1owU1wRheg)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants  
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Zeke Ezagu 
- Demir  
- Deflus


## Meeting Notes  

- **Opening Remarks and Context**  
  - Tyler Wright opened the meeting by welcoming everyone to the monthly SIG Providers session.  
  - He restated the group’s purpose: to provide updates, share progress, and discuss technical or operational challenges around running Akash providers.  
  - He mentioned that meetings often feature updates from the Provider Console team (formerly Praetor), core engineering, and ecosystem contributors.  
  - Tyler invited attendees to submit additional agenda items in the chat for discussion.  

- **Provider Console Updates (Jigar Patel)**  
  - Jigar reported active development on integrating **JWT authentication** and **Cosmos SDK 53** upgrade support within the Provider Console.  
  - Testing is currently ongoing in a sandbox environment, with plans to release updates once validated by the core engineering team.  
  - A new **provider notification system** is also under development, aimed at improving alerting and communication for providers.  
  - Work continues on the **Akash@Home** initiative, enabling community members to run providers from home using simplified UI and ISO-based setup.  
  - Once the ISO installation and console integration are finalized, the community will be notified through official channels.  

- **General Engineering and Migration Updates (Tyler Wright)**  
  - Tyler emphasized that the broader Akash ecosystem is focused on the **Cosmos SDK 53 migration**, which touches multiple components including provider repos.  
  - He highlighted that many engineering efforts are dedicated to testing and ensuring compatibility ahead of the upcoming network upgrade.  
  - He gave special recognition to **Demir** for contributing significantly to the **AOS@Home** initiative.  

- **Provider Release Status (Zeke Ezagui)**  
  - Zeke shared that a recent **provider release introducing JWT** encountered a minor bug in the provider services CLI related to certificate handling.  
  - As a precaution, all providers were advised to temporarily roll back.  
  - A fixed release is expected by the end of the week or early next week.  
  - Once finalized, announcements will be made via the **Provider Announcements** channel on Discord.  
  - Zeke confirmed that while upgrading is not mandatory, it is **strongly recommended** for providers ahead of the network upgrade.  
  - Failure to upgrade may result in **reduced workload bids** because some clients will prefer JWT-authenticated providers.  

- **Community and Governance Discussion (Tyler Wright)**  
  - Tyler noted an ongoing [community proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1022) for establishing a **new provider in Dubai**, backed by a team seeking **community pool funding**.  
  - He encouraged members to actively participate in governance discussions publicly rather than in private DMs to promote transparency and faster decision-making.  
  - He urged contributors to voice opinions early to help proposers refine their submissions before on-chain votes occur.  

- **Open Floor and Discussion Points**  
  - Tyler invited attendees to raise any additional topics concerning provider experience, operations, or active provider setup.  
  - No further items were raised, indicating overall satisfaction with progress and awareness of ongoing efforts.  
  - Participants were reminded that any follow-up questions can be posted in the **#sig-providers** channel or **#provider** channel on Discord.  
  - Zeke will continue to post release-related announcements and coordinate communication for the upcoming SDK 53 transition.  

- **Closing Remarks**  
  - Tyler reminded everyone of the **Steering Committee meeting scheduled for the following day**, maintaining the regular cadence on the last Thursday of each month.  
  - He reiterated the importance of providers upgrading to the JWT-compatible release before the next network upgrade.  
  - Appreciation was expressed to **Jigar** for his detailed updates and to community contributors for their ongoing work across console and provider tools.  
  - Before closing, **Deflus** was acknowledged for ongoing community support; no additional updates were raised from his side.  
  - Tyler concluded by thanking attendees for their time and encouraged continued engagement through Discord and GitHub repositories.  

## Action Items  

- **Provider Console Team (Jigar Patel)**  
  - Finalize testing and deploy the JWT + SDK 53 upgrade for Provider Console.  
  - Continue work on the provider notification feature and Akash@Home setup flow.  
  - Announce community rollout timeline after validation from the core team.  

- **Core Engineering Team (Zeke Ezagui)**  
  - Release the fixed provider version addressing the CLI certificate bug.  
  - Coordinate announcement in the Provider channel once stable release is ready.  
  - Encourage all providers to upgrade before the SDK 53 network upgrade to ensure compatibility and job distribution optimization.  

- **Community Members**  
  - Review and participate in the ongoing **Dubai Provider Proposal** discussion.  
  - Provide constructive feedback and governance engagement early in the discussion process.  
  - Stay updated through Discord and GitHub for provider and console release announcements.  

- **Steering Committee / Coordination**  
  - Conduct the regular monthly Steering Committee meeting on **Thursday, September 25, 2025**.  
  - Discuss migration readiness and upcoming releases during that session.  

## Transcript
### 00:00:00

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. All right. Welcome everybody to the special interest group for providers. It's Wednesday, September 24th, 2025. During SIG providers on a monthly basis, uh the Akash network community gets together to talk about all things related to the Akash provider. Um we oftent times get updates from uh Jigger and Duval the team behind provider console previously Praetor. Um we get t um updates from the core engineering team and all things related to the provider repo and just provider relations. Anybody that's an active provider that wants to learn more about being a becoming a provider on a usually comes in here and we talk about again code related items um user experience etc. Um again we have a typical agenda uh where we see if there's any updates on the provider console side. Any other updates from the core engineering team? I think we have a couple of uh certainly an update from the provider console and I believe an update on the most recent provider release um and um provider release that's upcoming. Um, and again, if anybody has any other topics related to the Akash provider experience that they want to make sure we discuss, please drop them in chat and we'll add them to the agenda. \
  \
 


### 00:01:26

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. While folks are thinking of topics, um, I will hand it over to, uh, Jigger to talk about anything that's been going on as pertains to provider console over the over the last month. Maybe some things to look forward to as \
**Jigar Patel:** Thanks Tyler. Yes. So uh to start with uh we are currently working on bringing the JWT and SDK 53 upgrade support uh to provider console. Um uh we are actually testing in a sandbox environment. right now. Uh and once uh uh everything is tested and uh available from the core team uh we'll push update and uh notify the community about the upgrade from the uh from the provider console. Um moreover we are also working on the provider notification uh in the background uh that uh that work is still uh ongoing and uh uh once uh that's done we'll also notify the uh community as well um plus uh we are also working on akas at home uh project uh that uh bring uh basically the idea of aas at home uh I think they may have uh uh given the um given the presentation uh last meeting um and uh uh to add to that we basically uh we'll have a uh acetate home providers will have access to uh provider console and they'll able to set up everything through the UI and uh combination of uh \
  \
 


### 00:03:05

  \
**Jigar Patel:** installing the ISO and but yes uh that will also coming along um and uh yeah that's update from the provider console. Um, back to you, Ty. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Thank you very much, Jigger. Uh, does anyone have any questions about some of the work going on as a potential pro provider console? As a reminder, there are milestones related to a number of the efforts happening around console, specifically provider console that you can track inside the console repo. Um, so you can again track this work. I know the focus across um the community and the core engineering um and core product team has been around the Cosmos SDK 53 migration. There's just so many things that um are being touched and affected as a result of the Cosmos SDK 53 migration. So I know there's a lot of testing um and work being done to get ready for again the SDK um and the next network upgrade to SDK 53. Cool. Um, and again, major shout out to Demir. I know he's been a part of that process working on AOS at home. \
  \
 


### 00:04:28

  \
**Tyler Wright:** As mentioned, uh, gave a presentation at the last SIG providers meeting, which is, uh, PR right now. Believe will be merged and the readme for the GitHub will be updated soon. But again, you can track, you can watch the video and see the notes from there, um, in GitHub. Cool. Um before we continue on with uh any other agenda items that anyone may have, um I do want to kick it over to uh potentially Zeke because I think he put in the provider announcement. I know that there was a provider release um for JWT implementation on providers um that was released last week. Um and then um there was some issues that were uh made uh presented to the community or by the community. Um and the core engineering team I believe is working on some of those solutions. So um Zeke, I'll kick it over to you to give us a status on uh the most recent provider release and I think upcoming provider releases that should be available soon. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Thanks, Ty. So, uh, basically we discovered just a small bug in the provider services CLI, um, with certificates. \
  \
 


### 00:05:39

  \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Um, because of that and out of an abundance of caution, we asked all providers to roll back temporarily, we expect to push out a final release uh, either at the end of this week or early uh, next week. \
**Tyler Wright:** Thank you. And again, announcements will be made in the provider announcements channel. Z, correct me if I'm wrong, but the idea is the expectation is that um all providers that can will upgrade prior to the network upgrade um to implement JWT. I don't think it's obviously mandatory, but I think it's um highly uh recommended um and preferred um especially after a network upgrade. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Correct. It is highly recommended and preferred. And if you don't upgrade, there's a there's a higher chance that you'll receive less bids and workloads just due to how um certain clients will uh prefer to use JWT authentication. \
**Tyler Wright:** Excellent. Anyone have any uh questions about um the most recent provider release andor upcoming provider releases that will be shared um in Discord and elsewhere um when available. Cool. All right. \
  \
 


### 00:07:10

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um, continuing along, I don't believe that they are here. Um, but there has been a bunch of uh, commentary. I just want to make it uh, available and just remind folks there is an active discussion related to I think bringing on provider a provider um, in the Dubai area. I think the group behind the team behind is looking for um resources from the community pool. Um I would ask that people just get involved, ask questions, give votes of approval, votes however um they want to um talk about it. But again, I know that a number of people historically like giving their opinion on discussions and on specs and all that kind of stuff in a more private setting, but I ask that people continue to do it in public as often as possible to um I'll push the uh governance and push these kind of ideas on faster, you know, as opposed to people waiting till last minute to make their voices heard. do it as early as possible so that the teams behind these projects um can get feedback, push forward of all their ideas um and then continue to execute on them. \
  \
 


### 00:08:24

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So I just want to drop that discussion and again I don't believe the team is here um but I know that some folks from this call have gotten involved in the conversation and so um I ask that others that have any questions, comments, thoughts um continue to get involved. All right. Um, I did want to see if there's anything else provider related that anybody wants to make sure that we discuss here today. Any other questions about the provider experience, active providers, etc. Cool. If not, then um we can certainly cut this meeting uh shorter than we usually do. I know sometimes we've gone long, so it's all right for um sometimes for us not to have to go as long. Um again, if anybody has any questions between meetings, feel free to drop them in sick providers. And if anybody has any questions about anything related to an active provider, the provider experience, also feel free to use the provider channel in Discord. Um I think Zeke will make sure that there are announcements made and um please if anybody here sees those announcements continue to distribute those announcements. \
  \
 


### 00:09:45

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Why? When there's a new provider release um that implements uh JWT um and again this is something that we're asking uh the core engineering team is asking all providers to upgrade to this version prior to the network upgrade. Uh there's a steering committee meeting that will be happening tomorrow. I know we had one at the beginning of the month. Um but um usually the cadence is is the last Thursday of every month. So we will keep that cadence and have a steering committee meeting tomorrow. So feel free to join. Um but again if there's nothing else provider related then much appreciate everyone's time today. Um and I'm sure a number of folks will like the time back to continue working on a number of efforts that we discussed today across again the provider release uh Kasha home experience provider console um and a number of other things that are going on. But again, if anybody has any thing that they want to talk about, feel free. Otherwise, I will adjourn this meeting and give some folks some time back. \
  \
 


### 00:10:47

  \
**Tyler Wright:** All right, y'all have a great rest of the day. Um, thank you all for joining today and we will certainly talk online between meetings, but thank you Jigger for all the updates on provider. Look forward to number of things going on soon. Defas um uh sorry uh deflus we were just about to uh during the meeting we talked about the provider release. We also talked about provider console updates. Um and there didn't seem to be any other topics um that anybody wanted to highlight. We also talked about the active provider discussion number 10 or 10 discussion 1022. Um, so is there anything I know that you are instrumental in providing support in Discord and elsewhere. Is there anything deathless and you can put a thumbs up, thumbs down if you can't talk, but is is there anything provider related that you want to make sure it gets discussed today? That thumbs up means yes or no. I assume he's doing well. Everything is good. I like to hear that. Everything is good. Cool. Well, again, appreciate everyone taking some time. Um, we'll have a steering committee meeting tomorrow. Um, but again, it seems like uh there's just been a lot going on, a lot of discussions between meetings. So, um, again, appreciate everyone's time today. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Um, and we will catch you all very soon. And again, stay involved in Discord where you'll get announcements on all things provider related across console, um, core engineering and beyond. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 11:12

