# Akash Network - Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #35

## Agenda
- Provider SIG welcome and scope review
- Updates on Provider Console and recent fixes
- Provider binary upgrades and network health
- UX, UI, and documentation improvements
- Provider roles, communication, and auditing updates
- Community contribution pathways
- Open discussion and next steps

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, December 17, 2025
- [Recording](https://5kqljkn42nhlxp6i5do7p2fmengpsxuxo2anohyvwdbychsllnrq.arweave.net/6qC0qbzTTru_yOjd9-isI0z5Xpd2gNcfFbDDgR5LW2M)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Ilija Milosavljevic
- Zeke Ezagui
- Damir Simpovic
- Scott Carruthers
- Kenny R
- Rodri R
- B S
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel

## Meeting Notes

### Provider SIG welcome and context
- Tyler Wright opened the session with an overview of the Providers SIG and its focus on provider setup, documentation, tooling, and overall provider experience on the Akash Network
- Tyler highlighted that the SIG regularly covers provider onboarding, provider playbooks, console tooling, and operational best practices
- Participants were invited to share agenda items or discussion topics via chat

### Updates on Provider Console and recent fixes
- Tyler handed the floor to Jigar Patel and Deval Patel for Provider Console updates
- Jigar Patel explained that recent work focused on resolving onboarding issues caused by unstable or poor network connections
- A minimum bandwidth requirement had previously limited some users from becoming providers and caused backend issues
- The team implemented fixes to stabilize this flow and reduce onboarding failures related to network constraints
- Jigar confirmed that recent provider binary upgrades are now available through the Provider Console

### Provider binary upgrades and network health
- Providers were advised to log into the Provider Console using their provider wallets
- Upgrade steps include navigating to settings, completing the network upgrade, and applying the provider binary upgrade when available
- Emphasis was placed on keeping providers updated to maintain network stability and overall ecosystem health

### UX, UI, and documentation improvements
- Tyler Wright referenced [active milestones](https://github.com/akash-network/console/milestones) in the Provider Console repository where ongoing and upcoming work can be tracked
- UX and UI improvements discussed previously in SIG Design are also being applied to the Provider Console
- Planned improvements span both deployment workflows and provider management experiences
- Tyler noted that many of these enhancements will roll out in the new year
- Zeke Ezagui and the core team were acknowledged for recent improvements to the documentation site
- Documentation updates have improved discoverability and clarity for provider-related workflows and resources

### Provider roles, communication, and auditing updates
- Tyler shared updates on newly organized Discord roles for providers
- Providers using the Provider Console were encouraged to assign themselves the appropriate roles
- Improved role targeting helps ensure announcements and updates reach the correct audience while reducing channel noise
- Tyler noted ongoing discussions around refining provider auditing processes and feature improvements in the coming year

### Community contribution pathways
- Ilija Milosavljevic joined the call expressing interest in contributing to the Akash Network
- Ilija asked about available tasks and where contributors can get involved
- Tyler explained that contribution opportunities are tracked in the Support repository, covering blockchain, node, and provider-related issues
- Additional opportunities exist in the Console repository, including milestones tied to Provider Console development
- Tyler encouraged contributors to reach out directly on Discord and tag himself or Joe Deng for guidance and onboarding support

### Open discussion and closing remarks
- Ilija confirmed plans to follow up via direct message
- Tyler invited final questions or comments from participants
- The meeting concluded with holiday greetings and confirmation that the next Providers SIG meeting will take place at the end of January 2026
- Tyler emphasized the importance of continued provider feedback to guide prioritization and roadmap execution
- Thanks were extended to all contributors and participants for their time and engagement

---

## Action Items

### Provider Console and upgrades
- All providers: check Provider Console settings and apply available network and provider binary upgrades
- Jigar Patel and Deval Patel: continue stabilizing onboarding flows and tracking console milestones

### UX, documentation, and auditing
- Zeke Ezagui and core team: continue improving provider documentation and discoverability
- Core contributors: advance discussions and iterations on provider auditing and feature enhancements

### Community contributions and communication
- Community members: review open issues in Support and Console repositories and signal interest in contributing
- Providers: assign appropriate Discord roles to receive targeted provider updates
- Tyler Wright and Joe Deng: support new contributors and help route them to relevant repos and tasks

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to SIG providers. It is Wednesday, December 17th, 2025. During the special interest group for providers, the Akash community gets together to talk about all things related to the provider and provider experience on Akos. historically we've talked about again provider setup u provider documentation the ptor which is now the provider playbooks and a number of other provider related themes. again if anybody has any specific items that they want to make sure get discussed during this s providers monthly meeting please feel free to drop them in the chat and we can make sure they get discussed.

Tyler Wright: We did just get out a six support where we talked about some provider adjacent items that are coming around again whether it be the last network upgrade to Cosmos K53 or some upcoming items that will be coming to the network via BME as well as VM support again those things are coming in the near future but we'll talk about those I think a little bit more in the new  year. again, if there's no agenda items that anybody wants to make sure we discuss, one of the first things we always do is I hand it over to Jigger and Dval who have been again, building provider console, previously Ptor for, been working on the provider side of the, Kosh experience for a number of years now. and provide some updates on provider console, some things that have been worked on over the last couple of weeks.

Tyler Wright: some things to look forward to. So, Jacob Deval, I'll take kick it over to you to see if there's anything that you all want to touch on as it pertains to provider console.

Jigar Patel: Yes. So from the last couple of weeks we have improved border control in the areas where some of the user had issue lately due to the poor network connection. so we had to limit users to become a provider but they have to have at least 10 mgabits per second speed to download and run our AAS binary and it was causing some issues in our back end.

Jigar Patel: So that was the major fix that we provided. other than obviously some network happened during the time some provider binary upgrade happened in the last couple of weeks which is available to provide console users now. and they will able to go to the settings login using obviously the provider wallet go to settings and first network upgrade and then the provider upgrade if available please do so that'll be great for the network health. yeah, so that's all from my side. back to you, Ra.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. again, if folks go to the console repo, there are a number of milestones related to the provider side of the experience. so you can track pardon me a number of items that are actively being worked on by Jigger Dval and other folks that are focused on the provider side of the console. We talked about this in SIG design as well but I know there's a number of UXUI changes that are coming to the console in general both again on the deployment side of the console product as well as the provider side.

Tyler Wright: So again, you can look out for some of these items coming in the new year with the intent of continuing to improve the user experience for folks that are trying to deploy or build and manage providers on the network.  Is there any other provider related topics that anybody wants to make sure get discussed during this meeting? If not, we can feel free to cut it a little bit short. Again, as a reminder, there's going to be a lot of provider updates coming in the new year.

Tyler Wright: so whether it be related to again attributes provider features as well as I know there's talks from the core team and some other members of the community about continuing to refine and update the provider auditing experience as so again as people think and reflect on the year again please use the the providers channel in general to think about feature additions product improvements documentation improve.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Big shout out to Zeke and the rest of the core team that made a number of changes to the docs site. So it should be easier to find and review again items related to provider and other parts of the u ecosystem and experience. All right. again please think about any ideas.  Again, there's a number if anybody u is interested in contributing. There's a number of issues in the support repo that could be tagged as provider. so again, please look out and continue to ask questions and get involved. I think one thing I'll mention very briefly before I let you all go and again if anybody has anything they want to talk about feel free to raise your hand or drop in the chat.

Tyler Wright: but Zeke also helped to organize roles and we talked about this in the steering committee a number of other meetings but if anybody here or sees anybody discord other channels but actually discord please if they're building using provider console if they are a provider there's a number of different roles that people can access so that when members of the core team or other members of the community are sending out messaging

Tyler Wright: that messaging reaches its audiences ideally, so there's less noise than there was historically. So again, if you haven't signed up for roles and again you built and manage your provider via provider console, there's a role for that. so you can stay up to date on all things that Jigger Dwell and other members of the core team kind of share as things are being worked on and updated. Cool.  Go ahead.

Ilija Milosavljevic: Yeah so I have a question I'm not sure if I'm in the right place but I saw this call and decided to drop in I actually looking forward to contributing to the network you just mentioned there is some potential tasks so I filled up the form that I found in some of the pages so if you can maybe or pick up something that would be great and yeah sorry if this is not the right

Tyler Wright: Sorry, you cut out there for a second, but I'm always happy to share information. again, there's a support repo where all issues related to the blockchain live. so this is again issues, that touch the node repo as well as the provider repo. so again folks that are working and thinking about contributing is all in go that's the place to go.  I will drop in another library another excuse the console repository inside issues there's a number of milestones and you can track again some of the things that Jigger and Deval talked about that they're working on today as it pertains to the provider console but again a number of other items that are being worked on that are console or API related for those that are integrating Akos I

Tyler Wright: would also say again my name is Tyler.

Tyler Wright: I'm part of the core team. and there's also Joe who's a Akos community manager. Joe Deng, he's also part of the core team. Feel free to drop a message in Discord and just tag us in that message and Joe or myself can help direct you in finding a place where you can contribute and then supporting you and getting those contributions Perfect. Anything else that anybody wants to talk about as it pertains to the provider orâ€¦

Ilija Milosavljevic: Okay, thank you.

Ilija Milosavljevic: I will drop you a message then.

Tyler Wright: otherwise? if not, then again, happy holidays Again, we'll meet again in the end of January next year, 2026. I hope everybody has a great rest of their day, great holiday season. Again, there's going to be a number of updates. I know that the core team, Jigger and Deval talked about some items. and the core engineering team are also working on some provider related feature additions.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: and so again, please look out for opportunities to provide feedback on, what providers are looking for and what providers need on the Accasha network and help make your voice heard and how things get prioritized and pushed forward. Much appreciate everyone's time today. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. again, great holiday season, and catch you in the new year.  Thank you all.

Jigar Patel: Thank you.

Deval Patel: Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:11:44 ðŸ‘‹



