# Akash Network – Providers Special Interest Group (SIG) – Meeting #36

## Agenda

* Provider SIG overview and scope
* Provider Console updates and bug fixes
* Akash Home Node progress and architecture
* Core engineering updates impacting providers
* Provider auditing automation improvements
* PIP 3.5 amendment and provider incentives
* Open discussion and community feedback

## Meeting Details

* Date: Wednesday, January 28, 2026
* Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* Recording: Coming Soon 
* [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Jigar Patel
* Zeke Ezagui
* Rodri R
* Ariel Leza
* Damir Simpovic
* Other Community Contributors

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks & SIG-Providers Scope

* Tyler Wright welcomed participants to the January SIG-Providers meeting
* He explained that SIG-Providers focuses on all provider-related topics within Akash
* Topics include provider issues, releases, tooling, audits, and provider-side improvements
* Community members were encouraged to raise agenda items live or asynchronously via Discord
* Tyler emphasized the SIG as an open forum for both Overclock Labs and community builders

### Provider Console Updates

* Jigar Patel shared updates on ongoing improvements to the Provider Console
* A bug was identified related to ARM-based machines attempting to build providers
* Provider Console currently does not support ARM processors
* Improvements are being made to notify users earlier if their machine is unsupported
* Private networking requirements for providers are being clarified and surfaced earlier in the flow
* Additional work is underway on notification systems within the Provider Console
* These updates are expected to be released soon

### Provider Support Channels and Issue Tracking

* Tyler highlighted the Provider Console support channel in Discord
* Community members are actively using the channel to ask questions and report issues
* Escalations should be filed as issues in the Console GitHub repository
* The core team continues to monitor and address reported issues

### Akash Home Node – Overview and Status

* Tyler reintroduced Akash Home Node as a major provider-focused initiative
* The project is being developed by the Overclock Labs client team
* Jigar Patel shared a detailed overview of current development progress
* Extensive internal testing is underway across different machines, GPUs, and network setups
* The team is validating payout structures and tracking mechanisms
* The goal is to fully understand supported hardware configurations before public release

### Akash Home Node – Installation Flow

* Users will sign up via email or social login
* An ISO image will be downloaded from the Akash Home Node site
* Users generate an installation key online
* The ISO is written to a USB and used to boot the machine
* The installation key is entered during setup
* All software, dependencies, and configuration are handled automatically
* The node connects to an Overclock-managed provider cluster
* No Kubernetes, networking, DNS, or scripting knowledge is required

### Akash Home Node – Purpose and Benefits

* Damir Simpovic clarified the vision behind Akash Home Node
* Home computers can participate as part of a larger managed provider
* Node operators do not need to manage traditional provider infrastructure
* Overclock Labs handles orchestration and operations
* Participants are rewarded for running their machines
* The project lowers the barrier to becoming an Akash provider
* Public beta testing will be announced once internal testing completes

### Core Engineering Context for Providers

* Tyler referenced ongoing work on BME and smart contracts impacting providers
* VM support is being actively explored following BME
* Bare-metal support is also under investigation
* Provider migrations are expected in the coming months
* The core team is actively testing these changes

### Provider Auditing Automation

* Tyler introduced Zeke Ezagui to discuss provider auditing improvements
* Current auditing is manual and one-time, creating long-term accuracy issues
* Providers can become unhealthy after being audited without detection
* This leads to poor user experiences when deployments fail on “audited” providers

### Continuous Provider Auditing System

* Zeke presented a new automated and continuous auditing system
* Providers can onboard one or multiple providers into the system
* Daily workloads are deployed automatically to test providers
* Benchmarks include CPU, network, storage, SHM, and GPU performance
* Health checks cover provider endpoints and gRPC endpoints
* Physical server reachability is also monitored
* Failures trigger log collection and automated diagnostics

### Automated Feedback and Transparency

* When an audit fails, an automated email is generated using Akash ML
* Emails include error explanations and suggested fixes
* Links to relevant Akash documentation are included
* Discord support is referenced if issues persist
* Once fixed, providers are automatically re-audited
* Long-term goal includes a public performance dashboard
* Metrics may allow customers to compare providers on performance vs cost

### Community Feedback on Auditing Approach

* Ariel Leza raised questions about policy-based validation beyond data-plane testing
* Open Policy Agent was suggested as a potential complementary approach
* Zeke explained provider flexibility makes strict policy enforcement complex
* Tyler encouraged Ariel and Zeke to continue the discussion offline and publicly
* Community input was welcomed to improve audit coverage

### Provider Incentives – PIP 3.5 Amendment

* Tyler discussed an on-chain amendment to PIP 3.5
* Original proposal focused on onboarding B200 GPUs
* Real user demand has shifted toward H200, H100, and A100 GPUs
* Existing high-end GPUs are fully utilized on the network
* Amendment reallocates funds to meet active demand
* The change aims to support real workloads and paying users
* Community members were invited to share feedback publicly

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler thanked presenters and community contributors
* Community members were encouraged to share provider-related ideas publicly
* Future discussions on Home Node and auditing will continue in upcoming SIGs
* Reminder of the upcoming Steering Committee meeting
* Meeting concluded with appreciation and next-steps reminders

## Action Items

### Jigar Patel

* Release Provider Console updates addressing ARM and private network checks
* Continue internal testing of Akash Home Node
* Prepare announcements for public beta testing

### Zeke Ezagui

* Continue development of automated provider auditing system
* Engage with community members for feedback and improvements
* Explore transparency and performance benchmarking options

### Tyler Wright

* Coordinate provider-related communications and announcements
* Facilitate continued discussions on auditing and Home Node
* Track feedback on PIP 3.5 amendment

### Community Members

* Participate in Provider Console feedback and issue reporting
* Engage in discussions around provider audits and incentives
* Share provider-related tooling or ideas in the SIG-Providers Discord channel

## **Transcript**

### 00:00:00

  \
**Tyler Wright:** All right, welcome everybody to SIG providers monthly meeting. It's Wednesday, January 28th, 2026. During the special interest group for providers, the Akash community comes together to talk about all things related to uh the Akash provider. This could uh come with provider related issues, provider releases, um provider tooling. Um we get updates from Jigger Dval um who uh lead the provider console uh part of the console experience um with some other folks from team. Um again we hear from the core team on some items that they've been working on historically like the provider playbooks and other uh provider provider related items. Um again, uh if anybody has anything that they want to make sure gets discussed as it pertains to the provider, please feel free to drop it in the chat. Um or again, anybody listening to this meeting later, feel free to drop any ideas for future SIG providers meetings and uh content or items that you want the group to discuss. Use the Discord channel um and drop it in the SIG providers um channel inside of Discord. \
  \
 


### 00:01:18

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. All right. Um I'm going to hand it over to uh Jigger to uh see if there's any updates as it pertains to um provider console. Um and then we'll take questions and then we'll continue on talking about again akash home node and some other items from uh the community and the overclock labs team. \
**Jigar Patel:** Hey, thanks Tyler. Hey, so uh we uh we obviously been working uh on uh improving product console. Uh we found a couple of bugs uh around uh uh some uh errors that was throwing uh because of the uh user's machine is is if it's ARM or not, right? And uh uh we require the have that uh private network. Uh so uh we are improving our process. So uh we we basically uh we basically uh notify user beforehand uh this data process. So uh that's in progress uh and we'll release uh that update soon. Uh and uh so if you have ARM then it will not let you build the provider as currently we do not support ARM processors um uh in the provider console and uh for the private network uh we require private network to have to be in uh uh to set up the provider uh in the provider console. \
  \
 


### 00:02:52

  \
**Jigar Patel:** Uh so that two things uh that we are working on. Uh and obviously uh there is uh uh some work also uh going on with the uh notifications uh that is also in the pipeline uh that will be released soon as well. Uh and uh for the home node uh we are currently working on uh finalizing the uh finalizing the uh entire process. uh we are actually uh testing internally right now uh with a different kind of machines with a different kind of GPUs uh if we just uh uh extend testing right now uh with a different network setup uh we wanted to make sure that uh we support or we uh we basically have solid idea what we can support um so yeah that's uh overall uh updates from the provider and homework outside. Uh, back to you, Ty. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Thank you, Jigger. Um, is there anybody here that has anything any questions related to the provider console? Um, any items that uh the team needs to be looking at or anything else that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to provider console? \
  \
 


### 00:04:21

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. Again, um in Discord, there is a provider console um support channel where folks can get involved um and ask specific questions and again get feedback from uh members of the core team and other members of the Akash community. Um just looking to see yeah again a number of folks are using that and again if there's anything that needs to get escalated from there you can drop it in the console repo as an issue and it'll get tracked and fixed from there. Cool. I think uh we've talked about this previously um but uh the overclock labs team has also been working on uh a product called a kosh home node. Um, again, I think we've talked about this at previous meetings and elsewhere in the community. Um, I do want to take the opportunity for um, I think to hand it back to Jigger to just talk about uh, where that is and some of the next steps. Again, these SIGs and working calls are opportunities for open-source uh discussions and folks that are building on top of Akash network, whether it's open source or closed source to you know um discuss further uh some of the projects that are being worked on um and some of the efforts. \
  \
 


### 00:05:39

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So, I know there's been a lot of uh work being done by the Overclock Labs uh client team. Um, and just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to share. And again, this could be something that we discuss at future uh SIGs or if there's anybody else in the community that's building uh provider related tooling on top of the Akash network. Again, feel free to talk about what you're building uh during the sick providers meeting. But uh Jigger, I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to talk about specifically as it pertains to a Akash home node. um how folks can learn more um or you know what's on the horizon from a development standpoint. \
**Jigar Patel:** Yeah, sure. So uh basically we are actually currently finalizing uh as I said like we are also we are doing extensive testing uh on the uh on the node side basically uh we are testing different machines right now uh if uh they can join the our uh basically home node cluster uh remotely uh and we are uh uh we and the on the other hand we are actually working on the payout structures as well. \
  \
 


### 00:06:51

  \
**Jigar Patel:** Uh which is uh like that that involves a lot of uh uh complexity to trackings to uh how we uh like how we handle the payouts and stuff. Uh so uh yeah in the overall uh the process will look like similar to uh uh what you can install uh the Ubuntu. Uh so basically you uh you go to uh the home site uh you uh you'll uh you'll able to obviously sign up uh using your email um your your uh social accounts Google or GitHub. Uh and then uh from there you will uh you will able to download the ISO. uh from there you will uh you'll able to uh create a installation key online on the site and then use that installation key into the uh where you uh use the this ISO into machine um uh so if you uh run this ISO ISO into USB and uh boot from the USB uh to be specific uh once you do that uh you'll be asked for installation key Uh once you will be asked for instation key you enter your installation key um uh or uh yes uh and then uh from there you'll uh don't have to do anything uh basically all the process uh will be in the background. \
  \
 


### 00:08:25

  \
**Jigar Patel:** Um you will uh install all the necessary softwares um uh all the libraries uh uh that uh uh it requires and then uh from there it will connect uh to our cluster. Um, a good way. \
**Damir Simpovic:** Yeah, thank you. So for the folks that are that uh do not know about Akash home node, it's a project that will allow u home computers to become a part of a bigger Akash provider that is being managed by overclock labs. So basically they will not need to uh do anything uh uh which is any remotely similar to what current providers have to do. There's no DNS management, there is no network management, there is no uh Kubernetes management, there is no scripts, there's nothing uh uh the uh node owners. uh will just need to install the software and that's that and basically run their PC for as long as possible. Um they will be rewarded uh obviously. Um yeah that's pretty much that. Uh just yeah I I feel that not everyone here knows what Akash home node \
  \
 


### 00:10:06

  \
**Jigar Patel:** Yeah, thank thanks D uh for clarification. Yes. Uh and as as Damir said uh the the process is automatic uh and involves no knowledge of uh Kubernetes uh or networking uh that would be handled by uh by uh by installing this uh uh this ISO into the machine and uh yeah uh that's the that's the basic of home node. Uh we are uh we are on the uh like last stage of uh testing and uh uh we'll we'll announce soon uh the public bet public testing but uh yeah that's what we are here we are at this junction back to \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Thank you, uh, Jigger. Thank you, uh, Deir. Again, um, I'm sure there will be some more information, um, when access, uh, or early access is available. Um, but again, I just want to bring it to those in the community's attention. Uh, this is an effort from the Overclock Labs team. Um, so again, look out for uh, announcements in the future. Any questions about a kash home node? \
  \
 


### 00:11:33

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. All right. Um I know there's a number of efforts going on um that we've discussed in SIG support and SIG chain that the core engineering team is working on u most specifically again uh BME um and uh the smart contracts on Akash network. This is something the core engineering team is actively testing. Um but there are a number of other efforts that are coming down the pipe in the next couple of months. Um the members of the core engineering team have been exploring again what VM support would look like on Akash and been doing some testing with some tooling as well as bare metal support on Akash. So again following BME um there will be some further conversations and then de development and implementation around some of these features on the Akash network. Um but there are a number of other efforts uh that the core engineering team is working on. Um believe there's some provider migrations that will be on the horizon um that are being tested right now and the core team is working on. \
  \
 


### 00:12:41

  \
**Tyler Wright:** But one other item that I just want to give uh Zeke from the core team a quick chance to talk about is it's some improvements to the provider auditing system. Again, right now it is uh fairly manual and members of the core team um take time from other efforts um to freely um provide provider audits. uh but in the sake of as the network continues to grow um I know that members of the core engineering team uh led by some focus efforts by Zeke have been thinking about improvements to that process. So um the timeline on when this will be launched has not been decided yet. Um but I just want to give Zeke the opportunity to at least talk about some of the work that he's been doing um and just get some you know thoughts or at least understanding from members of the community on what's going on. So Zeke, I'll hand over to \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Thanks Tyler. So yeah, so basically the the main issue with you know the current auditing system is is more it's not really that it's manual. \
  \
 


### 00:13:42

  \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Obviously, it's better to automate things, but the the biggest issue is that it's it's kind of a onetime thing, right? So, basically, a provider requests to be audited. We test the provider once. As long as it works, it gets audited. We move on. Well, I mean, it could be, you know, let's just say a month down the road, something happens with that provider, there's an issue now where it doesn't work properly, u but it's still audited. So we still have you know different customers deploying on said provider and they're like well it's a it's audited so it must work they go and deploy it doesn't work now that's a bad experience and you know the customer sit sitting there going well this was an audited provider so if if all the other providers are going to act like this then you know cautious doesn't work. So kind of the idea behind this is to have you know continuous audits um and to do it in a way where it's automatic and managed by you know automation and not you know us manually deploying you know every once in a while or whatever that looks like. \
  \
 


### 00:14:43

  \
**Zeke Ezagui:** So I'm going to share my screen real quick um just kind of show you what the dashboard is going to look like at least in this current iteration. Can y'all see my screen? \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Cool. So yeah. So basically this is kind of what the dashboard's going to look like. Um you'll have the ability to onboard multiple providers in case you manage multiple providers. Um and what this tool will do is it will deploy daily workloads, excuse me, on um any providers that you've enrolled. And these workloads are going to run some performance benchmarks. So they're going to run you know CPU performance, network performance, your different storage types. Um, so if you have persistent storage, it's going to run those. If you offer SHM storage, it's going to test that. And then if you have GPUs, it's also going to benchmark your GPUs and it's going to provide all these different metrics. It's also going to do health checks um for both your provider status endpoint and the GRCP endpoint of the provider. \
  \
 


### 00:15:42

  \
**Zeke Ezagui:** And it will eventually also just ping the physical servers themselves. Um so that way if you have your provider pod scaled down but the providers you know like the workloads are still running you know that will be reflected on this dashboard. And the idea behind this is if you know because this is going to be running daily if you know there's an issue with the provider and it fails an audit what this will do is is this system will collect the the log errors and you know understand why it failed. It will then um send a prompt to Akash ML and draft an email response to whoever owns this provider. The email will basically say, "Hey, here's the error. Here's you know a couple things that could be wrong. You might want to look here." And then it'll reference a cost documentation for um you know, potential fixes. And if if you you know you're still stuck, it references the Akash Discord. And so the idea behind this is, you know, if you know, my provider runs into an issue today, let's say it fails the audit, I'm get get an email saying, "Hey, here's why it failed." That gives me, \
  \
 


### 00:16:53

  \
**Zeke Ezagui:** you know, today to fix it, make sure it's working, and then tomorrow when the audit reruns automatically and it passes, it'll be resigned and, you know, all is well and it's just more accurate. Eventually what we'll be able to do is take these metrics for each provider and have like a public dashboard uh where you know you can kind of compete with different providers. So like hey you know this provider might be you know a little more expensive you know per CPU hour but its performance is you know higher than average providers. So you know collecting these types of metrics will be able to you know provide us with that level of you know transparency and you know a better way for customers to pick what what provider to use. Um, yeah, that that's the that's the gist of it. Uh, if anybody has any questions or feedback, um, you know, feel free to ask. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Thank you, Zeke. \
**Ariel Leza:** I I I have a question Zeke if you don't mind. Hey uh first of all that looks like a great initiative. \
  \
 


### 00:17:55

  \
**Ariel Leza:** So from what I understand this essentially uh validates what we would call data plane right because it's done entirely by deploying a workload and essentially running sanity checks and reporting that back right have have you evaluated using something \
**Zeke Ezagui:** Correct. \
**Ariel Leza:** like um open policy agent as an example to validate consistency and configuration or state not from a data plane perspective but from a policy plane perspective. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** I don't think I understand the question. \
**Ariel Leza:** Are you aware of OPA open policy agent um cloud native project? \
**Zeke Ezagui:** I'm not \
**Ariel Leza:** Okay, it's essentially a policy policies code um framework that allows to build certain policies \
**Zeke Ezagui:** though. \
**Ariel Leza:** and validates certain state of resources of deployment of compliance of configuration. So I was just wondering if this is a direction that you evaluated to expand upon the tests beyond just the data plane tests because I assume they would not be able to test any any any type of sanity check for certain \
**Zeke Ezagui:** I mean potentially but you know part of what it means to be a provider is you know it's you're able to \
  \
 


### 00:18:57

  \
**Ariel Leza:** things. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** remove edit like if you know I need to remove you know some of my GPUs from the network you know I'm more than you know welcome to do that or if I you know need to you know remove some RAM from the system and move it to another system, you're more than welcome to do that. So, I I don't know if it makes sense to, you know, validate those type of like policies and like what you're signed up to have, \
**Ariel Leza:** Yeah, \
**Zeke Ezagui:** if I'm understanding \
**Ariel Leza:** I mean it it's it's a really flexible framework but uh maybe you know I can chat with Zeke about that more offline. \
**Zeke Ezagui:** correctly. \
**Ariel Leza:** I I just wonder if there are um some level of some degree of tests that are not able to be validated through this implementation and if yes maybe OPA can be can be a solid project for that. I was just interested to know. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, Ariel, \
**Ariel Leza:** Thanks. \
**Tyler Wright:** I would love if you could uh connect with Zeke and just continue to uh share resources um maybe areas of blindness that you think right now um the audit auditing tool as it's developed right now, you know, um could maybe be covered by some of these practices. \
  \
 


### 00:20:06

  \
**Tyler Wright:** But again, if anybody has any feedback, any thoughts, um any additional questions, um I know that again, Zeke is more than willing to um connect with other members of the community in improving this process. \
**Ariel Leza:** All \
**Tyler Wright:** One thing I will say why this is important uh I think Zeke also talked about it is \
**Ariel Leza:** right. \
**Tyler Wright:** right now you know you have this two-sided marketplace and so often times a user doesn't know where the error is coming from if it's on the console side um or if it's on the provider side um and so members of the core team um as well as members of the community have been actively thinking about whether it's improving how information is shared and where the root cause is coming from or again improving the provider experience. So some of these issues um are removed. Really the goal is about improving the user experience um on both sides of the marketplace. Go ahead \
**Ariel Leza:** Oh, no. I'm done. Sorry. \
**Tyler Wright:** No, you're fine. You're fine. Um, any other questions around uh the provider auditing automation tool that Zeke is working on? \
  \
 


### 00:21:22

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. Again, we'll come back to um continue conversation around the Overclock Labs uh uh home node project as well as um the work that Zeke is doing around provider audits um at the next SIG provider meeting if not before. One other item um before I open up to any other discussion is I just want to um talked about this in other uh meetings for some time but it does touch the provider. So I just want to uh talk about it here and see if there's any questions, comments, concerns. um Isaac from the core team uh as well as other members of the core team have put forth a discussion that's now on chain for vote related to just update to um the PIP 3.5 uh provider incentives program. Um what's really changed is there was a desire um in the original proposal to put to to bring on a bunch of uh B200s uh onto the network. Um as of recently uh based upon demand from real users that are actively using the network and again scaling out their products. there's been a desire to bring on more H200s, H100s and A100s to the network because again uh some of the H200s, H100s and A100 specifications uh of providers are active on the network are always being utilized. \
  \
 


### 00:22:54

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um and so as uh active users are continuing to scale, there's just not enough um supply for the demand that they have. Um and so again um there's just adjustments to how funds from that proposal are being spent to bring on more workloads that again are actively being used and requested by users uh on the uh on the AOSH network. Um so that was that's really the one change and again there's capabilities for anybody to bring B200s onto the Akash network. Um it was just something that the overclock labs team was thinking about from a utiliz from si testing out the usage. Um but when there's a number of users that are actively using the network right now and spending real you know uh AKT and and you know using the manage wallets API and deploying a lot of the workloads on the Akash network. Uh it's really about continuing to drive that demand um and to meet that demand um for some of these users. I just want to say if anybody had any questions, comments, additional thoughts about the amendment to the PIP 3.5 program that they want to ask more publicly. \
  \
 


### 00:24:14

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. All right. Um, I also wanted to see if there's any other topics related to the provider that haven't been discussed here today that people want to make sure get discussed before uh we end the call. Cool. All right. If not then again uh thank you to those who um presented about updates to the provider console home node provider auditing tools. Um Ariel again I I I beg that you follow up with Zeke and share any insights that you have. Um ideally publicly but however you feel most comfortable. Um, and again, if anybody here on this call or anybody listening to this call later has provider related items that they're working on that they're thinking about building, um, close source or open source, I'd love again to have you join these conversations or share some of your ideas in the SIG providers discord channel. Um I know there's a lot of teams out there that are working on different things, thinking about different ideas, you know, um uh adding storage um integrations into some of their Akash network uh kind of workloads, but um would like those conversations to be more public when they can be. Cool. All right. If there's nothing else, then really appreciate everyone taking the time. And just a reminder, we do have the Akash monthly steering committee call tomorrow. I know we had one at the beginning of the month, um, but we'll just have one at the end of the month to wrap up all the 16 working groups that have happened. Um, that'll be happening tomorrow afternoon, but much appreciate everyone taking the time to join. Um, again, provide updates, listen to updates, and thank you to those that are watching later. Hope everyone has a great day and uh, looking forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you all. \
  \
 


### Meeting ended after 00:26:33


