
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Talk about purpose of Chain Special Interest Group

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, February 7, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://syav3u2trpuey4ercatgjmfetbsgauto4l6dweuzzeakfcfss5hq.arweave.net/lgFd01OL6ExwkRAmZLCkmGRgUm7i_DsSmckAooiyl08)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Adam Bozanich 
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Joao Luna, Max
- Pablo Estrada
- patrick horrigan
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Notes
1. Artur, Adam and Anil talked through the general goals of this SIG.
2. Anil floated the question about whether we need a separate SIG for network upgrades or not. Collective decision was that we don't need a separate SIG and that chain upgrades will be handled as workgroups spun out of this SIG on demand.
3. Related to 2, the group also discussed that for path releases from the Cosmos SDK, the merge/ changes to Akash can just be handled as support issues and don't require a work group per se. Changes driven by major Cosmos releases can be handled as workgroups.
4. The question about Cosmos working on Comet BFT came up and that we need to work on merging those changes in (reference: https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/14870)
5. Max brought up the issue of dealing with "Scam Proposals" (https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/16) and a reference implementation from Juno (https://github.com/CosmosContracts/juno/blob/main/app/decorators/gov_filter.go)
6. Adam brought up Gov prop 26 (min commission for validators to be set to 5%). We need to figure out what to do here. Need to create a support issue for this. Artur mentioned that it may be best to deal with this when we do the network upgrade for GPU support.

## Action Items
1. Delete/ clean up sig-network-upgrades (GH and Discord)
2. Create support issue for Comet BFT merge/ changes in akash support repo (Pablo has already done this: https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20)
3. Create support issue for minimum commission for validtors (https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/26), for community to work on.
4. Include above issues + https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/16 in the next support prioritization meeting.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Welcome everyone to the the Sig Chainer initial Special interest group for chain related activities, and where our recording and transcribing the session. And I'll head over to Archer to Start us off.

Artur Troian: Um, yeah. So let's gonna be our first meeting on that subject. And we want to cover here. Anything related to the engineering probably challenges of the Occasionate. I kneel, Adam correct me if I'm wrong on that. but,

Anil Murty: Nope.

Artur Troian:  yeah, so in the positive on quite a few Important updates. And most of them went fine. We had a quite a few so two of them were a little bit finicky but luckily we were able to couple dishes pretty fast and

Artur Troian:  The few things we want to put on the table right now. The number one is,

Artur Troian:  Update procedures. And the second one is probably the feature sets that we want to implement. We want to expand and so forth. um, I think I think we have seek updates for a network of grace for the upgrade things but I think it's gonna be some people. So it's worth while talking it right now.

Artur Troian:  The one thing that, I would say.

Artur Troian:  Creates a little bit of. Headache for everyone is.

Artur Troian:  Then the Christmases UK entered, it means releases new updates. It's hard to follow what they changed and quite often. It's hidden in the just very not even exchangeable music just in the code. So the whole thing we want to do is when we create, let's say,

Artur Troian:  Of the update line Mind branch on the akash mode, is the new features. We want to have extensive tests so we used to have them in the past sort of land by the car, my work and now we want to move forward and a lot community, how fast is that? As much as possible Um, so with all that it will be releasing. I think a little documentation of how we handled and created the test nets. And by doing so we really hope that you're not help us provide all the decision to be used to have in the past.

Artur Troian:  As well as many, many of the people that use a cars that also keep an eye on the things happening other networks. So it's gonna help us to, you know, see? Okay those guys updated updated recently and they had the seizures, here's a tracking number, the blah so that will have us to The place they're giving the network and grades as you probably know that. The cost of the error on Akash is way more higher than on other network because if the network is down the presentation, you can create deployments on social force.

Artur Troian:  The other thing is we would like to cover and to sync without the community is the future sets. There is a new. There's a I'm going discussion of Akash, economics 2.0 And in this budget features like stapled payments and so on so forth. And that will require significant changes to the chain. So that will require us to provide probably a few breaks, do the carefully do diligently as well as proper. Nice and easy to use tests.

Artur Troian:  I think there's gonna be for the brief Anil. I don't want to add anything for that.

Anil Murty: I can go. So yeah, that's a pretty good summary of what the goals of the cigar author, I guess, I'll just touch on sort of the logistics a little bit. and I think, and I don't know if everybody on this, call has familiarity with it, but essentially, the way we've tried to, or the way we're trying to do things is we have a common support repository where we log all such specials and the intention is that Anything that is related to the core services. whether it is chain related, whether it's upgrade related, whether it's, you know, provider load, any of that, all of those issues, essentially get logged into that support repository and the intention as we would label these when we realize them in the support meetings or whenever

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  and and then, you know, we would talk about the issues relating to specific areas in the specific things. So given that, this is the very first meeting of the SIG, it makes sense for us to, you know, generally talk about what the high level objectives here but hopefully going forward. The goals would be to review that list and basically filter it down to labels or anything that is labeled with chain or upgrade related things. and, and then, As we are reviewing each of the issues, what we would do is we would basically figure out if something is just a bug or something, that's a relatively simpler fix versus something that is a more bigger feature, like the ones that are talked about. And if it's a, if it's a bigger feature, then we would essentially spin off a work group for us to go figure out, you know, the requirements, right? And, and then figure out, you know, what means to change in various parts of the entire code base.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, Edgar. All that stuff. Sounds great. I'll just add like some examples. Like so the last hiccup that we had, it seems like every upgrade there's a cup. And like so the last one was that. was multifaceted, but there were issues. There's that kind of known issues with upgrading to

Adam Bozanich:  interchange accounts that other chains have hit. That it was kind of difficult didn't get triggered in our testing. But like you know, the the validator community can knows about it, right? Like they know because they upgraded other chains and even like the morning that we're gonna upgrade one of the validators reached out was like Hey, you know, are you guys aware of this particular issue and there are so often issues with cousin CA that are particular to the versions and things like that and how you're integrating that who is kind of like, Well we've done so much testing that we want to hit it, but we did end up getting and so, you know, I think what one thing we've been missing is that like we're just not like, and,

Adam Bozanich:  Learning from the people in the community that are like kind of knee deep in these chain upgrades every day across the ecosystem. and so, it'd be good to like, You know, have this group kind of reach out and understand that if we're going to be doing an upgrade, what are things that we should be watching out for?

Adam Bozanich:  This kind of things and even potential fixes. And you know, I think every every single upgrade we've had there's been issues. Frankly, sometimes there are fault. Sometimes there's like, Bugs and SDK.

Adam Bozanich:  but either way, it'd be good to kind of Have support or at least interact with the community more so that we know we these things are on a radar. Instead of just like coming up, you know, after we have great

Artur Troian: Yeah, I'm just the to the upgrade things. So from what was so different for theaters around, just each one has owned by offer onion build itself, purposely notes, and so forth. And that obviously creates a lot of issues during the upgrade because, like, you know, someone is using wrong govers and and so forth. We want somehow to. At least for validators, make more or less. standard way of upgrading, it's still like the discussion and that we want to provide as

Artur Troian:  A similar process as possible for everyone data. So we don't spread our if any issues happen and upgrade you don't spend our time talking like. Oh you have to compiled this day. Go one point, nineteen point five instead of 1.16 and we build it last few times. As well as someone is linking it statically? Someone is dynamically and because we have a dependencies in just grades for headache for everyone. So we want to sort of simplify process as well as streamline. It really don't We focus on the actual issues, not on, there are things that just don't make sense to watch out.

00:10:00

Artur Troian:  And one could make you have any questions.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Well, yeah. And

Anil Murty: I just ask a couple of questions and again mostly on their logistical side, I do that we. When we initially came up with the structure for all these things in work groups, we had defined SIG for network upgrades as well. In addition to the sick chain, the Quran, what I'm wondering now is Should be continue to keep it a SIG or should we consider, you know, work groups whenever a chain upgrade is needed. Question, I don't have a strong opinion either way. The only reason I'm asking is because if there is a, if this SIG determines it, you know, there's a certain feature or a bug fix that requires a chain upgrade, that's when we spin up a chain upgrade, what? Group, and we go work on it. That's one of we update dealing with it. And the other ways, obviously, have a regular sink that meets and talks about chain upgrade.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's a good call. I to be honest, I think It's actually worth from emergency chain and never upgrades for now. As it just, looks to me that On the sick chain, we're gonna be mandate focused on that, at least for that, I know next month.

Artur Troian:  And then Yeah you're right. I don't have like a user grouper working group for everyone great that's probably Going to be the best way because frankly saying this CK and changes, they always trigger. Let's say we have just a chain that need a network upgrade. Well, then the sea chain basically, triggers the SIG network of greater starts working. I don't, I don't think it makes sense.

Artur Troian:  You.

Anil Murty: I agree with what you're saying. So essentially, you know, We would kill the SIG. Network upgrades thing that we have right now. I don't think I've already meetings with that anyway and we would just deal with network upgrades as they get surfaced up from this SIG and

Anil Murty:  work on them as work groups. Does anyone have any objections to that plan?

Adam Bozanich: Sounds great.

Adam Bozanich: No, I think that's great. That makes a lot more sense. because,

Adam Bozanich:  not only I mean I just feel like it just generally falls under this umbrella but also particular features that we would be discussing here might have upgrade issues that Who you need to kind of manage through the process. So, make sense for it will be under this. I think,

Adam Bozanich:  Like so, for instance, big one that I'm looking forward to. I think it's in 046 SDK, I'm not positive. It's Is the group's module. Basically allows it's a way to. I mean, essentially have A multi-sig keys on accounts on chain. And

Adam Bozanich:  As we discuss here and sick chain, like Should we add this or not? What have you? There's gonna be a lot of issues around testing and stuff like that, that we're going to want to make sure it's tested. And I think This is a good form for right here, having a separate upgrade. I think, maybe we could have like, you know, when we're actually going to do that actual upgrade, we could have Working group just for that particular upgrade. But I think it's best to just talk about the stuff here.

Anil Murty: Cool. And then another logistical question. Is, since you brought up Adam, the You know, Cosmos SDK changes in staying on top of those and making sure. we scope out any work that we need to do on our side to deal with those What do you think the best way to handle that would be should we also deal with those as well? Groups. Meaning, every time there is a change to the cosmos SDK whether it's a minor release or a major release, We talk about it in the SIG and then decide, if you need to spin off, over a group to go and make some code changes to it.

00:15:00

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I think we could talk about it in this sig. I think that essentially for for a patch versions. It'll probably be too frequent for meetings, so we could just coordinate on, you know, asynchronously for those. But definitely for bigger ones, like Zero four, five to zero. Four six upgrade. We should discuss early here.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, we can, you know, we can break off. Working groups. As we need like if there's something big about, you know, a lot of issues that we need to investigate them and pick up working group, that's fine.

Adam Bozanich:  Go ahead.

Artur Troian: yeah, it's like if let's say I would say If you do, what's the sort of major upgrade for cosmosis decay? That's for sure. Need a lot of thinking and lots of planning, so we will need

Artur Troian:  Working room for that. If you imagine, for example, if you upgrade to 46, yeah, that's a huge change. But if I think if you do minor that Max fixes that need to be rolled out sometimes quickly. I'm not sure we going to have for that because it's just gonna create a lot of probably lack in terms of Luna rolling out fixes and so forth that actually brings another question. So let's say there's a

Artur Troian:  Some important grade need to be done. So how we going to plan that and if you're going to have significance every month, or every other month, And the great needs to be done tomorrow. So you'll need to think a little bit about the those first or use cases.

Adam Bozanich: I think we should like, I think my preference would be to like create meetings as needed rather than, like, You know, optimize the meeting schedule for when they were like, like just in case. Yeah, like so I think, you know, because we could kind of Okay, we can all get together if there's either an emergency upgrade or or something like we need to talk about. Let's get together and talk about it. That's how I feel about.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's a very good call that I think. Like, Yeah, we just like on demand one. I don't know if you need to have like this, see Chain probably like once a quarter just to overall. I don't know if we need that. So that in that case. Just to see any major overview. That makes sense. But yeah, I totally agree with you that this subject on a great. It should have As soon as we need it,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. So, that's

Artur Troian: I'm just gonna make it

Adam Bozanich:  That's actually a. There's a concrete, you know, and think for us to think about right now and that's the changeover to Comet. Bft. And so, I mean, like, you know, I asked Osmo team, they're gonna be switching over to it. They think that they're just doing a patch release. It's not even necessarily upgrade just to get on the right. And but this is another one of those things were like, you know, we want to stay up to date.

Adam Bozanich:  but, There are probably there's probably like a lot of knowledge about upgrading and issues that might arise from it and how to do it and not in the community that we don't.

Adam Bozanich:  We don't know. And so, I mean, if we could get started understanding, like, basically put together enough, a plan for the rest of my great to comment.

Artur Troian: Yeah, 100% of that. I think that's actually really good. Use case for VG. From our experience in the past. even like they so the common BFG requiring that they're gonna release patch releases for

Artur Troian:  basically, all of the versions that have been used, and simply saying that, let's say if we use standard means, 32 Point, 21. We're going to be marching version for from common BFG. And it looks, it's gonna work. However, in the past is so, Might changes from tender means, could break actually API, and we actually, we had that on one of the great. I think that was in October. So that was the case. And

00:20:00

Artur Troian:  Because they're gonna change the naming of the package, drastically, that's gonna change Protobot types names. And so, you know, and concentrated Starts. So that can cause us some pitfalls that we may not see but the first lens. Yeah, that's really good. Use case for working group to start playing that and doing testing. That as per comment with the we can. So upgrading to the same version to the comment bhk should not cause the issues of income. Have a, Let's say some devil is for that. Let people test it and so forth and then see how it goes. But yeah, that's really good. Use case.

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Anil Murty: So does it make sense then to have a separate work group? Look at combat DFT,

Artur Troian: Um, I think we just need to just network upgrade for that because that's, it's not necessarily going to be network up, right? However, it will need to coordinate all of the validators to switch to. You just make sure the everyone is using the same version, so it's not like a technically network of gray. However, we're gonna have to sing

Artur Troian:  Social version, of course, all the validators which makes sense for security perspective. so, I think it's sort of like, a working upgrade Working Rule But it's not actually right because let's say let's guess the worst use case scenario and you'll need to upgrade or whatever you know whatever happens and then if you need to upgrade to your prepared for that,

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I don't know if any, I mean, it feels like we could fit this into a working group. I just, I'm a little bit like I don't want to add a bunch of overhead, right? Like and unnecessarily but if it's like frictionless and fine, no problem, I think that we need a, we need a migration plan, which am I great over and we need people to contribute to that. to like how we're gonna do it or just kind of simply change the upstream, you know, dependencies. And if so like you know let's let other people do it first and then kind of watch to see if there's there any issues. We're using a forks tenderment. We are. Do we still need to? You know, that kind of stuff.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah. This unfortunately we still have to until we switch to custom Syndicate. 46. And there's a small fix that hasn't been carried over to the thunderman that we use.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, so this is the kind of stuff we're like, you know, just this is what takes a Basically maintaining these kinds of upgrades and things like that is dealing with the intricacies of. This is really takes up a lot of time. And I think that It's a place where we should at least do it. I don't know and hopefully get help from the community to do this. So, you know, like, yes. I think it. We need to. We need a plan, you know? And if like a working group You know, a plan that we've all like kind of gone through and discussed and commented on like somebody, like Okay, we can just do this in our church. Like, well, we have a forked version because of this particular issue that they never, you know, fixed upstream. Then to make it look like is it fixed upstream and in the other one. Or should we wait for another point release? You know, I kind of all these kinds of things should be sussed out so we can get a plan for upgrading and then

Adam Bozanich:  and then, in the Timeline for upgrading

Adam Bozanich: And I shouldn't even say upgrading, I guess it's more of a switching. And I don't know. Yeah, switching to come by so we that we don't want to just like,â€¦

Artur Troian: Yeah. That one will be actually.

Adam Bozanich: do it in isolation. And then

Adam Bozanich:  Run into issues because of our ignorance of what's happening in the community. You know, or with throughout the ecosystem? so, I mean, I just love help from people on this side.

Adam Bozanich:  and if we want to make that part of St, James everyone want to make working group specifically, everything is

00:25:00

Anil Murty: Our group for, you know, if it ends up being a chain upgrade, then being a chain upgrade. If not an upgrade, something else a switch, that's fine. But we make a work group in the plan gets documented but open to other ideas as well. Also, I just want to see like Pablo I know you commented andâ€¦

Adam Bozanich: Sounds good. Sounds good.

Anil Murty: had something bad if you want to jump in. Talk a little more about it in maybe even introduce yourself. Go for it.

Pablo Estrada: No. Thanks everybody. Yeah, I'm pretty new here. So nice to meet you all. Yeah, I was just sharing this issue on, on the cosmosis. Decay. Migrating the to, to comment. So, I think that's maybe one approach we can take in general, just to track other projects issues of their migrations and how it's going for them. And then maybe we can just like, get all of that together and they document to to like be able to plan out the best strategy for it, right?

Anil Murty: Yeah, just looking at the Issue. Yeah, make sense. This kind of thing is, I think pretty much what Adam was. Had in mind, you know, Adam. Speaking for you. But yeah,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Anil Murty: the sound

Pablo Estrada: I can be able to provide a bit of like, Internal details on specifically the Cosmos SDK because I have some friends that are core developers there. So if I ever like get to know like more details on what what the issues are, I can always let you know and just let me know where would be like the best place to place it out or document it and I'll I can help with that.

Artur Troian: I think the support group. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: As that's amazing. Thank you so much. And yeah, I think it sounds like and we'll be setting up a working group and so we can start documenting things there. Even if it's just scratch, I'll just start putting together. A plan. You know, I list all the issues, things were waiting for and whatnot, we can help you organize that. But like, even just like, you know, ruck notes or thoughts is good to start. We could all start collaborating on it if you need to reach out to anybody else, like, we can connect you with people and maybe we shouldn't put invite some people to just to the WG discord as well.

Pablo Estrada: Sounds good. Yeah, thanks.

Anil Murty: Yeah, and Pablo. Thanks for that. I The one thing I'll add since you asked the question, is the essentially, the way things work is that, you know, the six meet regularly. And with this work, we spin up our group for it and we typically create a discord channel, as well as a GitHub repository for the specific work group. So, what we'll do is after this call, will create a work group for migrating to comment, BFT and create the discord channel as well. So if you have any insights, you can either, you know, discuss them or discord. If you're not, it's not fully structured yet. And if it's fully structured, then go ahead and create like a requirements document or PRD or something of that sort in the work group, and you can totally do that through a pull request user use of

Artur Troian: Actually. Actually the suggestion here Oppur thought should we just go?

Artur Troian:  With the support repo and just gradation there. and,

Artur Troian:  Roll out plan there.

Anil Murty: Yeah, that works too, right? I think. Yeah, you can make the judgment about, you know, how big an issue, this you think this is going to be If it does.

Artur Troian: Always gonna be.

Anil Murty: It's gonna be pretty big. Okay.

Artur Troian: It's gonna be good. Yeah, because they changed the module name and that requires us, renaming it. On literally every file. I mean, we can automate that that's fine. But the facts, both not repo and provider services. So yeah, it's gonna be like in terms of the actual changes in the code is going to be huge.

Anil Murty: Yeah. That's that's fine. I guess the I'm trying to decide if one group makes sense or not and I think for me at least the The decision point is, Do we need a lot of discussions and meetings about it? Or can we cuss it on a github issue? That's literally my decision point,â€¦

Artur Troian: I think it's good.

Anil Murty: I think.

Artur Troian: Good to try Github issue on the stage so we keep because the meeting it's really hard. Sometimes to watch the video instead, the conversation should be

Artur Troian:  Called the Skin Harbor issue. So everyone is saying what's going on the progress itself and can jump in and make a suggestion comment, you know, argument and so forth.

00:30:00

Anil Murty: Sounds good to me. There's no objections from anyone. That's the path we take. Issue inside support for combat BFT upgrade.

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Right. So yeah, it sounds like Lee at least have to action items coming out of this. I'm in the nail. I'm wondering if you're going to Take take lead on. I just want to make sure that we follow up. So it sounds like we want to move this sick chain cadence to once a quarter and we also need to create a comment, BFT working group. Any are you going to Take those items.

Anil Murty: Hey yeah, so I think there's three things right? One is we decided that we will kill the SIG network upgrades things. Or what I'm going to do is delete remove the repository as well as the discord channel for SIG network updates. And we decided that we'll deal with any network upgrades as well groups spun out of this thing. So, that's number one. the second is, we said, if it's a patch release from Cosmos, SDK, We'll just discuss those and discord create issues for them and work on them. And if it's a major upgrade, then we'll create a work group for it. And then the third decision is specifically around comic BFT. And so for comment, BFT, we are going to create an issue inside support and then anyone, you know, Pablo if you can take the lead on that to add any sort of commentary around what What is the approach we should be taking?

Anil Murty:  That's the three that I captured.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah, that that makes sense. I just wasn't sure. It seemed like we had consensus at one point that we wanted a that we wanted a working group for a day. But then, I wasn't sure when we were talking about creating the issue in the support repo, if we so on to the working group, even though it was going to be handled async, or if at that point, there's no need for the program.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah, I think we discussed it and changed minds. So we initially thought we might need to work group andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah.

Anil Murty: then we decided, let's try the lower overhead approach first. And then what we depending onâ€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah.

Anil Murty: what we learned from that we can decide next time, it was something different or the same thing.

Scott Carruthers:  Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Go ahead, Eric.

Artur Troian: you know, one point to add a totally for God is The premium GPU feature. I'm gonna need network, right? So sure. And we can try to sort of as an example of how to do it. To handle it through the github. You should just, you know, follow the conversation. Let's climbing why it needs to be done and What needs to be changed and how it's going to be rolled out?

Artur Troian:  Closing that you.

Anil Murty: Yep, makes sense.

Adam Bozanich: Mission.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Anil Murty: Cool.

Scott Carruthers: All right, anything else I think we we have next steps and a couple of issues that are going to be created for No work upgrades and anything there's a community have anything else that they would like to discuss before. We End. All right.

Scott Carruthers:  Go ahead, Max.

Max: Hey guys. Yeah, quick topic here. I think you guys saw it. I posted about it for the Governance Proposal Scan scam proposal Yeah, I think that should be upgraded in the network. ASAP to avoid the future scam proposal.

Artur Troian: I think you can. Yeah, that's a good that's actually good. I think you can change it with the network parameters so I remember we need to check it. But yeah, that's a good call.

Adam Bozanich: Is it just the deposit needs to be sent higher?

Max: Well, Sunny replied to one of my tweets that was complaining about this camper Bozoni said that he implemented like a minimum. Yeah, deposit. When you create a proposal in the governance module Derek Young Chain.

Artur Troian: It's not the minimum deposit is but whoever creates the governance proposal in order for proposal to be greater, they have to put in you some amount of tokens by themselves because normally when you create a bozal,â€¦

Max:  Yeah.

Artur Troian: you can just, you know, put a zero deposit in here. Instead there has to be like, probably 2050 percent. From. issue on the government proposal, they have to put the deposit otherwise that will just

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, go ahead and put, youâ€¦

Max:  Correct.

Adam Bozanich: for tracking these things on issues, then you know, create an issue to check it, and I'm not sure. If there's anything that needs to be done outside, if it's gonna be included in a Okay, you have it, great. I don'tâ€¦

00:35:00

Max:  Yeah.

Artur Troian:  Awesome. Thank you.

Adam Bozanich: how we're gonna check like we should figure out how we track all these things to make sure that they're in the next upgrade, but that makes a lot of sense.

Max: Yeah, I was talking to I'm sorry,â€¦

Artur Troian: You need to put. You need to put the label to charge it so we keep inâ€¦

Max: go ahead.

Artur Troian: we gonna put some priorities on it so we keep an eye on that and don't lose it.

Anil Murty: Yeah, but we do need an issue and I'm assuming it's okay to create that inside the support repository.

Artur Troian:  Oh, it's already there. I think Max just posting

Max: Yeah, andâ€¦

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Max: I was talking with Reese who works on Juno and he implemented it as well. And he sent me like the directly which filed he modified that I put it in the chat.

Adam Bozanich: you can also make a PR

Artur Troian: Actually, I think this is the best basically one. Good point. One more good point. It is probably the best to have a nation for us to make sure we have a capacity on time to put it because it is a code changes and then rolling out the evenings without the network operator, all new software version to the validators. You need to coordinate that. Let's say, if you gonna put some changes, and then this PR just Stays on, it's gonna create complex and so of course, I think it's just probably better to have the issue first and then the ready to that, pull the PR and roll the thing out.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. I mean either way I mean yes peers get stale and like these things could be pulled in to A comment thing, we don't know.

Adam Bozanich:  and then there's a whole issue of like, Me, that was the sandbox versus Internet. I really I don't know if it's written down in the community. Ducks anywhere, we should write down somewhere. Not basically like what are our various test diversions and how we, how do we do branching and merging things and inversion? but that's I think that like,

Adam Bozanich:  you know, like I don't want to just fall in like Artur, I mean, to like make a PR and test a PR, I think that it needs to be That kind of more of a community that day. It's not so, doesn't just fall on us. There's this issue. There's also this issue of like

Adam Bozanich:  The minimum. Minimum commission. I think that a governance proposal passed that basically said We should have, you know, the network intends to have a minimum Deposit. Right. Now. At some point like that changed the, the support for that has been added to various chains all over the place. I think it's in the core. You know upstream vanilla upstream. Now the caveat that it doesn't that's time. I looked it didn't modify existing. commissions, if they were below the The floor. Okay. So

Adam Bozanich:  That's another thing that needs to be. Looked at it, right? So like if you like, that's another way we could create it actually for it, but like it's past And you know it's it's already gone path through governance and like it's something that a network once to be done and so I think that we should like make a space for the network to be able to do that.

Artur Troian: yeah, I think that one I need to share because I believe

Artur Troian:  as far as around probably need to one more government proposal to that to change the parameter, right? It was looking into that once that proposal passed but it's really forgot. What was the use case. But yeah, that's that's absolutely actually, we did it while ago and we still don't force it.

Anil Murty: Here Adam. So what specifically is the issue in action? So here and catch that.

Artur Troian: so, the validator's minimum commission, for the validator, right now, it's like from 0% to 100%,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Artur Troian: there was a proposal That. Forces overly daters to certain commission to 5%. that's what other that was other change been doing for a while andâ€¦

00:40:00

Anil Murty:  I see.

Artur Troian: the proposal past However, we do not enforce it yet for some reason, so we need to check it. Why we don't force it and This proposal number 26. If you need to,

Artur Troian:  Change something in the code that we have to do that and do the network right. If not We probably can do that through the parameter change.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, so when this, when I saw this it's like something that like just kind of started mid last year. People started deciding that this was a good thing to do and I think it is a good thing to do. I wish we would have done it when we first started the chain because People basically do land grabs and 0% commission and then ratcheted it up, and makes it the whole thing less centralized in. So, I mean, that's decentness. there were like, basically.

Adam Bozanich:  There's a there's a patch that was added and I don't I don't actually remember.

Adam Bozanich:  You know. I don't remember the state of things for a little while I was all hard coded and then there was like in the upstream you know, Cosmos SDK there was There was a like, a legit.

Adam Bozanich: Setting and bounce checking for that setting. That was added. So like you couldn't, if you're validator, you couldn't move commission below a certain amount. Now I don't know if that's to what our saying. I don't know if that's I agree, I don't know if that setting. It's it's set correctly or not. That's one thing but there is also this other issue of like what do you do with? Validators that are like when you implement. The thing that already we're already below because the thing just checks to see if you're setting it below the threshold. Then there's another step you have to do where, like if it's already below, there's a migration you have to, you have to run and that migration was added by hand in a couple of repos.

Artur Troian: If?

Adam Bozanich: I looked at it at one point and like, you know, we have to decide what to do there, basically.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I think the best will be to roll out actually network upgrade. And So the validators get participate in that. And then it's probably if they not upgrade, they get jailed or Like business under jail time. I think someone some changes actually this way.

Adam Bozanich: As.

Artur Troian: So then validators just forced to do that. Another thing is actually we can do through the network. I'm great and we can just buy the network of greatly. We can pause all the holidays to. We just can basically modify them to apply for presentation.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, that's what the other change did like they did in my migration on an effort upgrade and just like loop through all the validators and the validator what's below the threshold. Then it did a migration. The migration was like I think not quite trivial. Like there is some like nuance to it. But basically that that the code to do that was was in a migration.

Artur Troian: You.

Adam Bozanich: That's how you things were the last time I looked at this issue, but that When I looked at it, it was actually before this go propon Akash and so I don't know what the state of it is. I don't know, like no, what we need to do to basically be But as it compliant to basically, Follow through on Prop 26. It'd be a good thing for somebody to get. I think it's been

Artur Troian: Yeah. Only to just make an issue in support and just tracking that.

Adam Bozanich:  okay.

Artur Troian:  I think, actually the that's probably going to be good, call to combine it with the once. You do a grateful, the GPU, you can probably put that in I think.

Adam Bozanich:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  All right here, take more questions from the community.

Anil Murty: Nothing for me, but good discussion.

Adam Bozanich: Cool. Thanks all. Thanks everybody for showing up. This is great. And the portrait of working with you.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Scott Carruthers: It.

Pablo Estrada: And price to you.

Artur Troian: and around say,

Andrew Gnatyuk: Guys.

Meeting ended after 00:44:55 ðŸ‘‹

