# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Discussion of CometBFT, and next steps.
- Open discussion of chain issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, March 7, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: ***Coming Soon***
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- envy
- Joao Luna
- Pablo Estrada
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur kicked off the meeting talking about [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Artur talked about parameters for governance proposals. 
- Cosmos SDK
- One migration that will combine those things. 
- All validators commissions will be minimum 5%.
- Add GPU object of "Units" and "attribution". This change will not affect providers on the network, 
- Artur is waiting for CosmosSDK 45.15. He has been speaking with Cosmos maintainers, and this should be updated this week. 
- One change is IBC go. We are on an outdated version, so we need to upgrade. 
- Artur talked about issue #20
- Changes from the next upgrade live in the [akash node repo here](https://github.com/akash-network/node/compare/master...develop)
- There are two ways to do an upgrade. First way is through the governance proposal. Second path is through a hard fork. Many chains including Juno and Osmosis do this for certain circumstances. 
- Second option is last resort fix. 
- Luna asked if the new version will use the Akash API. Artur answered: yes.
- Luna asked what happens to those Validators that do not upgrade. Artur mentioned that all Validators will be forced into 5%. 
- Historically, Akash has been significally behind other chains with Cosmos SDK. This has been on purpose to make sure upgrades go as smoothly as possible. 
- Artur and Tyler mentioned that all participants should
- Akash will be upgrading to Cosmos SDK 46 at some point. This will be a big upgrade. 
- Luna asked if TLS can be added to the next upgrade? Artur mentioned that there are a lot of provider changes that need to be made.
- Luna asked if Akash API ready to be used by client libraries? Artur said: yes, if you use Node repo. 
- Artur knows there are requests for Protobuff. Artur suggests using existing code.
- Tyler asked about Authz and the dust. Artur asked to make an issue, and this may be something that we can add to v0.22.

### CometBFT

- Testing needs to be done before we can migrate to CometBFT
- Going to take a network snapshot, and test a network upgrade on it. 
- Migration to CometBFt is one line of code. 

### Action Items

- Artur will update the Network Upgrade issue with feedback related to Cosmos SDK 45
- Test network upgrade internally. 
- Artur will create issue for Cosmos SDK 46. This is big.
- Artur will look into 

# Transcript

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right, well, welcome to again, the second monthly SIG chain meeting. This SIG is covering all things related to chain, as well as again, an action item. That was that came out of the first monthly meeting is that this chain will also cover all things related to network upgrades. With that said again, there's an issue issue number 73 that I'll put in the chat right now and that is related to the next network upgrade that is being worked on right now.

Tyler Wright:  You can see some of the issues that are going to be resolved as it becomes a network upgrade and some of the things that again are being worked on as we continue to push the product forward. I want to pass it off to Artur who has been leading a number of these efforts around the network. Upgrade to try to give it update on where we are and kind of where we're going and then we can have some discussions after that if there's any time about anything else you know Cosmos related or other chains related that we can kind of look forward to as we plan for a network upgrade over the next coming weeks. So I'll pass off the Artur to continue their conversation.

Artur Troian: Hello everyone. Let's say again. All right. So Yeah, let's talk about the upcoming grade first, pretty much nothing changed. Things was discussion super, a few minor things. I just rename actual upgrade to zero point 22, instead of 24, it doesn't change anything just the name. So no functionality from that perspective.

Artur Troian:  Amount of changes that gonna be included, remain the same. So we're gonna introduce parameter the governance. So we're gonna actually make all governance module. It's gonna be existing along with the default, Cosmosis, gay governance module. We'll just put the parameter for proposal filtering, that's gonna allow us to filter. All those spam proposals they have on main chains. I think we'll be the staking. So for staking, we will be also creating new module. This will be actually temporary one. Cosmosis decay for just six has been validator, right? Parameter already in it, but you still keep saying on 0.45. Customers is okay.

Artur Troian:  so we temporary create the module with the same parameter name, as cosmos SDK has and once we migrate to customer SDK for six, we will be removing that module and using parameter from which comes default on Google specific a46, um, Let's say, you're gonna have to migration, well actually one migration, the components those things. So we will have a state machine change. That's new parameters as well as forces overly. Daters this commission, do all five percent to be five percent at minimum, then a couple new changes related to the base types. So versus Union now has

Artur Troian:  GPU object in that you know, me still think Irving, do we gonna do? State upgrade for deployments. Basically think is, when deployment has been created, it has resource units in it, right? And the GPU is the new one. And you thinking like was the best way, we'll be to go right now. Option number one is we either have

Artur Troian: GPU field is mandatory. That means we need to upgrade all of the deployments in the past and all existing or we just a little bit honestly, tricky to do. oh, another option is we leave that field as optional and during the validation transaction, validation on the client side, on the RPC side and the letter side, we just check the values are correctly or if it's like absent, it doesn't introduction. So this way we want that they need to do any upgrades the existing or pause deployments. And this change will not affect anybody that any providers that exist in the network. So we lean towards the second option. But we will provide like finalized decision of that sometimes this week.

00:05:00

Artur Troian:  On that we are also writing for cosmosis. Decay 45 point 15. Mmm. That gonna be having any common bft for the thundermans. I was speaking with a customer's decay maintainers about that it promised the

Artur Troian: Released gonna be sometime this week. So, once we have that, we will include the 45.15. Because this is the candid and you perform pretty much migration to the common BFG. Have you update this issue. As soon as I the release of Christmas decay one last change is IDC goal. So we right now on 3.1 which is pretty much all dated. So we have to pick the 3.4 no upgrades as for the state but it's pretty much them again, pixels. So we are good to go from that side.

Artur Troian:  A saint. That's pretty much it for this upgrade anywhere. Have any questions?

Tyler Wright: I don't have any questions. I think that was a great explanation of what this upgrade includes. Just for the record. Can you go into a little bit about? I know that Comet bft and think was at one point was a part of this and then has been potentially removed. Can you talk about the steps towards migrating the node to comment BFT for issue number 20?

Artur Troian: Yeah sure. So why this whole story you know Pops on and goes goes away. So initially Christmas is decay stated that the human BFT. For will be back ported immediately to like all supported are specific versions. That's included, 45x. However they had some struggles with that. There was a Like Intermediate Fork. And we pretty much follow Cosmos.

Artur Troian:  SDK version for the other means. So we have to use that one but apology like last week, we know it is that they will be included from common bft into the 45.15. They actually released by the risk. Envy died for that and finalizing, some extra testing, just make sure that I think is fine in terms of actual, you know, replacement. It's pretty much just go, you'll replace. So, there is no. Sort of code changes as such, but we will need to do some testing. so I think what we will, what we will do is

Artur Troian:  we are going to take one RPC as well. It's not short from the current network state. And we will test network of greater need that network of bread to includes all of the state changes that discussed earlier as well as the new comment BFG for and we will see how the upgrade goes on. The local state, we kind of pretty much like A great one node. And, you know, let it to communicate to the mainnet, it won't work, but that will allow us to see if we have any issues with the state changes but pretty much summarizing that the migration to community is just one line, one liner. There's nothing.

Artur Troian:  Big about it.

Artur Troian:  Okay. Yeah, any more questions that

Tyler Wright: Yeah, does anyone have any other questions? Related to network the next network upgrade.

Artur Troian:  Actually just one more thing on that. So we yeah, I'll give you about one second.

Artur Troian:  Right now, you want you will, if you want to see what changes will included in the this upgrade you pretty much go to not repo. and, There's a branch. Called develop, it's sort of It's a bad name frankly saying, but we'll do better job next time. And that branch has all the changes, it's pretty much 21 commitment, right now that will go into this great and you can change whatever. You know, you can see whatever.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Can you link this in the chat? Sorry.

Artur Troian:  You want about it? Yeah, sure. One second and, So that change, for example, includes a cash API, so force and they're like lots of changes to the upgrade. Actually.

Artur Troian:  One big change from perspective of upgrades. Is how we handle them. The code. We give a bigger factor in the last week and we drastically improved actual way the implement upgrades in the code. So now now it's very clean. I have some documentation on that. I will be publishing me this week so we have two, one more new thing to the upgrades. The there are two ways you can do upgrade. Right there is a software upgrade proposal. You know, obviously the proposal people, what on it but there's water it or other people alternate if it passes, we apply it. Is another way to upgrade, it's called Hard Fork and you know, sometimes we need it. If there's some, you know, security parts that needs to be rolled out immediately throughout the validators.

Artur Troian:  We cannot fight for proposal to pass. So, What to do is it's nothing new other genes done. For example, What this does it, I believe Juno does. It You also networks? The idea is we implement special handler. Which gonna be executed. By all validators at certain block height.

Artur Troian:  So let's say if you need to fix, I know some critical state in the staking module, or inflation model or whatever, they put the handler, and once the this book particular block, height comes to the Creator. Everybody later executes, this thing and pretty much just goes on, you don't have to write on the software better proposal. Well, that's this is sort of last resort fixed just in case another use for eat. Let's say to network upgrade the class, some fixes and those fixed. Listen, and fails, we still can roll out the fixes in case we needed immediately like next couple hours. Was this hard form, the you can find believe it's somewhere in those commits and I just don't remember, where is that?

Artur Troian:  I believe it's an upgrade handlers, which is 17.61. Anyone have any questions that? Because I know this is this pretty much a big change. So, I haven't discuss it.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: My first question was regarding the Akash API, but you I think you answered it. So this new version will use that repo.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: Okay? And my second question was regarding the 5% commission on the validators. How, how is this being enforced? What happens to those all data that did not update their Commission fee.

Artur Troian: They don't need to.

Joao Luna: Will they get jailed or will they be automatically?

Artur Troian: They don't need to. I mean, well, the value, the validators, they can do either manually right now. Or we will pretty much. Added them during the upgrade. So that's one of the steps of the network upgrade and that we will. Well during the upgrade, all validators of commissioned below, 5% will be edited and the commission will be changed. So, if the commission is lower than 5%, it will be force to 5%.

Artur Troian:  Once again, nothing new to that many chains. Did it wouldn't say Sorry. Osmosis are Juno. A stride and there is nothing sort of special to it. It just it just the upgrade stage that are pretty much more tested.

Artur Troian:  All right. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Anyone else having any other questions? Related to any anything network upgrade related.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Um, Does anyone have any comments or any other thoughts related to upgrades that? They've been a part of recently where they've seen hiccups? Or they've seen things that have worked, well that they want to share as we move towards, like, testing as we move towards network upgrade here. I know they're in the past. There's been some issues on Cosmos SDK that other chains have had that. Again, we can avoid by just seeing them in advance. So, if anybody is participating in the other network upgrades, that's validator and any other circumstance or has heard of anything, please, feel free to share and discord or elsewhere. Go ahead Archer.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks Tyler for mentioning, that that's sort of, you know, historically, we've been significantly behind the cosmosis decay versions compared to other chains. A number of reasons for that. This one is We wanted to be confident that the greatest goals lovely and history shows that it was pretty right choice. But even though we still had hiccups, was that so,

Artur Troian:  this the current upgrade which is the next operate, which is 0.282, we still sort of, you know, planet you know Open source all the information about that but the amount of features and things that gone going into that, pretty much coming from overclock apps. What we want, we won't change it. And so pretty much anyone that does with a date. Another networks. And, you know, see the hiccups please. Please report that either, you know, support repo or in discord, so we can be aware of that and we will be having Next. We'll set preparation to the next update.

Artur Troian:  After 22 pretty soon. So that will be upgrade to customer SDK 0.46 and this is a big change. There are lots of stage changes. There are lots of API changes and we want to be confident that it goes well, so I will be having issue for that, sometime, maybe next week, maybe in two weeks.

Artur Troian:  And for the next, I think single gray sea chain to the good actually discuss any sort of hiccups, if any other things seen them, because there are many much versions of the cosmosis. Decay 46. We need to, for example, make a decision on which we have to switch to do, we can we switch to the latest one or we have to do intermediate hopes which is once again, you know, expense how many times how long this entire migration look like so, yeah, please, if you have any thoughts on that, if you've seen any issues and you know, any sort of Workarounds, we have to be worried about place report us and we will be happy to discuss it even if you have any sort of you know, PRs. Yeah, please please submit now.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Anyone else have anything else they want to talk about related to the chain?

Tyler Wright:  Okay, it's important again for us to keep everybody in the loop as it pertains to what's going on with the network upgrade. This next one coming up and then thoughts on future upgrades. So, feel free to again, contribute and participate. In this SIG, for all the update up to date information on anything network, upgrade related. But again, it's really important for participants in this thing to keep up to date. On all things happening around cost us. Okay, and other chicken so that our upgrades can be as smooth as possible. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: Is there any chance that we can include the TLS the set manager portion of it? On the next upgrade or is it focused on the Cosmos update and It will be for the. Another update.

Artur Troian: Sorry, I had was talking. Could you repeat it, please?

Joao Luna: If there's a chance for the TLS, Upgrades to be included in the next network upgrades or they'll have to wait because that one is focused on Cosmos.

Artur Troian: Well it's not it's not sort of tied to the network of gray. This one's one of the reasons why we split provider from the note from the artery because exactly to do that. We will be including that change very soon once again. Yeah you mentioned that a few times. So there are pile of changes that we have to include into wider services right now. and they are all related to you know the API changes and upcoming network upgrade So we want to focus on that and make sure everything works fine. And if once we confidence provider services, is is ready to go for network to accept grade

00:20:00

Artur Troian:  We will share this TLS change if it makes sense to do. So you but port it into the current version and issue, new version of the provider services. Before we do not operate, But considering the network upgrade, you'll be sometimes like, you know, in the next probably week or two. So we have seven days for walking period and then pretty much we can do upgrade next day after that. I would say, Yeah, there's a high chance, this a GLS. Enhancement will go into the next.

Joao Luna: Okay. And would you say the Akash GPA is ready to be used by the client libraries as well? Is it ready?

Artur Troian:  Oh yeah, you can you can try obviously. So the problem is that is you need to be considered, make sure you use if you use null rivers. Well, So you will have to use the develop branch and I have haven't released any pearly stacks on that yet. I can do it if you want, so then you can try

Artur Troian:  It's pretty much the old to say, it's just a different repo. So,

Joao Luna:  Yeah, I see The structure also changed a little bit. There's no longer DX folder. Now it's all inside the goal folder.

Artur Troian: What? Yeah, because it doesn't, Yeah, doesn't make sense to have Sex. Folder is pretty much just the state changes keepers.

Joao Luna:  and,

Artur Troian: We don't need that in the API API. It's no point of that. The main purpose of the API is so, we have

Artur Troian:  Protobomb definitions away from not repo. and reason for that is, We don't want to generate stuff to be in the non repo for two reasons. Number one is, Creating those PRs, they're just like hundreds of changes that doesn't need to be reviewed because this you could generate that stuff, right? And the number two is, we want. That every client that uses the code generated code. Instead of doing the code generation by themselves. They just use existing one, right? So it's sort of ensures that the Compiler version is the same, the all of the code generator code is the same as also for us because there are many ways to screw up for the buckle generation especially with cosmosis decay

Artur Troian:  Cosmos SDK uses all replace types for many things. and,

Artur Troian: Generating the code for it is a little bit. Complicated and sometimes cumbersome. That's why we want to keep it outside and that's why we had to change the structure a little bit. Yeah, I know. It's might be a little bit convoluted, however, most probably going to keep the structure onwards and the other benefit is Having the free book we can now generate easily types for whatever non JS Python well language. Yeah, if cosmosis case supports it Doesn't have any issues. Yeah we can easily addition writers for that pretty cool language. That's why we have a structure for example you know having the gold folder and I'm going to be like Python holder orâ€¦

Joao Luna: Okay.

Artur Troian: not holder. So you pretty much feel free to use, whatever, whatever is needed. I know there been some requests to publish for above types into the BSR. We might do it if there is a need for it. But once again, we sort of trying to hold me through the reason of the A generation. In. He was encourage you to this use existing code instead of getting, you know, messing up with the Is the second of the compiler and other things. So the only time you pretty much needed is when the changes to the APIs, which happen, you know, put on once or twice a year.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Cool. Picture Oh sorry quick question this um in the past andâ€¦

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I just want looking for more of a structural. Strategy in the past. We talked when we're working on off z, We realized that you still need some dust of some real Akt, um, and I think there was an issue. There was a way that we can solve that so that you can all see somebody dust andâ€¦

Artur Troian: Here.

Tyler Wright: whatever funds they need. Um, and then that might require network. Upgrade is the best way to create an issue in the support, repo around that problem and find somebody maybe from the community that can solve the issue. And then it can be added to a network upgrade. Similarly, she's like issue, 16, 18 in 20 for this network. Great.

Artur Troian:  It's yeah, that's actually a good call. I need yeah, we need to check on that. It might be actually, we don't need network operations. So there are thing called Seagranter, which is, I believe the use actually arms handler for that, and it just happens that the feed grounds are is said by default to the account. That is sending transaction. So I think it might be we just need, you know, to if that the command line, just pretty much need to add the flag. And humbly. and, That actually that's like actually made me there so but yeah anyways the Creator you should create I'll give it a look and we will go over there. They're probably high chance that we have nothing to do with it. It just already there but we don't know how to use it.

Artur Troian:  But if it's if it's other way, you know, use some implementation, you'll check. Yeah. Thanks. That's a good call. We still have battery.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Excellent. So again, if anybody has anything that they want to include in the network upgrade, I think there was a great job of this done previously where Max, you know, saw some scam proposals that got turned into an issue that issue got talked about in sick support andâ€¦

Artur Troian: Here.

Tyler Wright: got added to this network upgrade in Artur again solved it and it's gonna be a part of this network upgrade. So if anybody has anything that they want to potentially including network upgrade, it's better to create an issue and then we could talk about it either six support or sick chain and figure out where it fits in. If it's not this up very then we can think about adding it to future upgrades. Um, I'll make that specific issue and I'll consult Cheng or Huey if I need any help archers going to

Tyler Wright: Update the Network, Upgrade issue, number 73,â€¦

Artur Troian: If?

Tyler Wright: once he has some more feedback from folks that are working on Cosmos SDK and then obviously the next big item is testing that network upgrade internally and then another action item on Artur's plate. That's not as pressing as this network upgrade, but he's also going to create an issue as we continue to move towards Cosmos. SDK 46 they much bigger. Process. Is there any action items that I might have left off that anybody wants me to add the notes for today?

Artur Troian: It.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Well again, I want to be conscious of everyone's time. Thank you very much for joining it. If anybody has any questions that they want to have answered, feel free to just put them in sick, chain discord or again, the next next sick chain monthly meeting just saving for that and then we can talk as a group live. If no one else has anything. Then again, I'll let you all go and enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you. All.

Artur Troian: Here. Oh,â€¦

Joao Luna: Thank you. Cheers hither.

Artur Troian: thank everyone. Just

Joao Luna: Also, new message with an issue. Okay.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent.

Artur Troian:  yeah. Okay.

Meeting ended after 00:29:18 ðŸ‘‹




