
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Discussion of CometBFT, and next steps.
- Network Upgrade testing process, and learnings from Osmosis team.
- Open discussion of chain issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 4th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: ***Coming Soon***
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Artur Troian
- Denis Lelic
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur talked about the [network upgrade v0.24.0](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- [Issue #83](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/83) will be solved in the next network upgrade v0.24.0.
- Artur talked to Osmosis about how they test upgrades. Akash will take a snapshot of the mainnet.
- Artur is working on scripts for testing environments. Artur is working to find the best option to do this. 
- The dataset is very big, so it needs to be tested a few different ways. 
- There will be some internal testnets done first, as it has been done in the past. 
- There will be an API change. Once the API is finalized, folks will be alerted.
- Exchange partners and clients will have to make updates to their nodes. 
- Instructions will need to be made and tested for Provider upgrade and Network Upgrade. 
- Tyler asked the group if there were any items worth sharing as other chains upgrade on Cosmos. There was nothing of note, but all are welcome to share any findings in the [sig-chain discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751164065665114/1072576663784792124)


### Action Items

- Artur is going to finalize script to build network upgrade testnet environment with Andrey.
- Scott will develop insructions for Provider Upgrade.
- Scott will develop instructions for Network Upgrade.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sigtain monthly meeting. You can track all things happening in the state chain in the Readme file out of the last meeting. Some of the action items were to add an issue related to Autzee fees, which has been added. And this is be something that will be included in the next network upgrade, as well as Artur had an action of item of talk to Usmosis team about how they test network upgrades. And that's something that he will be done and we'll talk a little bit about today. So without further ado, I'm going to take notes in the background, but I'll pass it off to our church, to talk about anything chain related, but more specifically quickly, talk about the network upgrade, which is coming soon.

Artur Troian: Thanks Tyler. Hello everyone. All right. Yeah. So in terms of command of features that plan for next, not great, I believe we all done on that subject are all of the issues. All the progress can be Attractive images of these or, you know? In the issue number in second.

Artur Troian: These number 73. That's our mentioned, the ground have been since our big round Ozzy model have been incorporated into the upgrade and once we

Artur Troian:  Should have right? We will be option to runners to not having droppings in their account and just request for the ground from Another spending account. uh, in terms of preparation, for the testing, you want to incorporate

Artur Troian:  Tests the similar that osmosis team does pretty much taking this snapshot of the current mainnet. Alter when data set, and then test them great on the specific block. You on the minus on the minor data set. of that allows us to first of all, make sure that All of the parameter changes and state changes are tests that are exactly the way they're going to look on the Minot. And the B Because the amount of data, the data set is pretty big. There might happen sometime else in the different contexts. So we want to make sure that we don't hear that network operate. we have pretty much all of the scripts related through this topic and the sometime this week, we will be starting

Artur Troian: He implementing them in our repository and thinking about how we're going to test it idea, is that you won't run those tests, most probably the github actions. But you'll see that's gonna be achievable usable thing for us. It doesn't need to be around on schedule, but other ones. So we got to find a way. We're gonna be the best option for us to do it.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if it's me but do we lose Archer Artur either? That just me Okay,â€¦

Artur Troian: Oh yeah. Oh you know,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I can hear you now.

Artur Troian: hear me? Oh, okay. What?

Tyler Wright:  I I heard the last thing I heard is a you were talking about a network upgrade and it just like my notifications and your work on the scripts and you will work on the best way you github actions, might be a way to test the network upgrade, but you're looking on the best option to do this.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, yeah. So yeah, that's pretty much eat from that. Once again, we need to figure out the best way across to test those guys, because the data set is quite big and we need to test it on a few different ways. The number one is using snapshot from the state scene and then on the archive notes that actually, yeah, so that will be quite challenging. But once again, it is huge margin of say for everyone, right? Any questions to us?

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: No, I'll put this recording in a SIG chain chats. And talk to folks, for from the cost core Dev. And other folks, do you want to have any participation when it gets time to testing from any specific parties or any specific clients.

Artur Troian:  Oh well you'll see how testing goes. We will spin a few testnets initially internally. Hopefully so as you done in the past and if we hit any issues or we will need to have some extra testing We'll probably ask for help, but for now, I don't think there's a plan for that.

Tyler Wright: All right, excellent. So after we'll make sure to let everybody know how the internal testing goes. And then if any external parties or any members of the community need to access any of those testing environments, those will be made available and that's to get closer to upgrade date. Well folks whether it be validated providers etc. Will all be alerted about what's happening. I'm sure we'll have to talk closer to pray for, as they will have to do some upgrades and make sure that they're ready for the provider upgrade,â€¦

Artur Troian: Oh yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: at the very least,

Artur Troian: so once we have testing done, we will call the API but because there's a API change. We will call API as finalized so they're going to be process before we submit. Proposal. As there are quite a few for example, centralized exchanges, that need to be proportional that. So you'll have to along with Testing Results. Once they pass, we have to issue new instructions, a great instructions for everyone and then need to communicate it from purchase that needs to update their RPC notes. Validators and forth before we move on is the actual proposal.

Tyler Wright: Group makes sense to me. Is anyone else have any other questions or comments?

Tyler Wright:  Okay, I know that it's mostly overclocked folks here but I do want to open it up real fast as as anybody from this group here. Seeing anything on any other chains as pertains to upgrades that is worth sharing with Archer Adam and the rest of the folks and Scott as they're thinking about network, upgrade issue, 73.

Tyler Wright:  Cool, anybody that's listening to this recording or watching this later, please go to sick, chain, and add any, If you have seen any interesting or weird behavior on any other games, as it relates to upgrading those chains and you think it's worth a special around cosmos. If they think it's worth sharing, please feel free to share that and see change on discord. Stick chain 10 on discord. Archery, Do you have anything else you want to share before we get out of here?

Artur Troian: No, the

Tyler Wright:  Okay, excellent. Well again this is a shorter up update. Somebody's somebody's from outside is coming in?

Tyler Wright:  Rodrigo, you're there.

Tyler Wright:  Hey Rodrigo, are you? There thumbs up? All right, I'm Rodrigo. We were actually just about to close this session. I'm going to Reattach.

Tyler Wright:  We talked about the network upgrade, you can see some of the issues that are being solved as a part of the network. Upgrade Archer went through the next steps which include continuing work on an internal testnet between this this thing or between last state chain monthly meeting and this chain monthly meeting our to remember with Osmosis team and worked on an optimized way to test upgrade like this because it is going to be a big upgrade. So we're Overclock team is testing internally and if there's any issues, those will be addressed as we continue to work towards creating documentation for both provider upgrade and network upgrades, again, issues can be tracked there

Tyler Wright:  Rodrigo did while I'm happy here and I have this to the rest of the group, is there anything specifically that you have seen on any other cosmos chains that you think is worth sharing that? It's been like interesting or weird behavior in terms of upgrading networks on countless

00:10:00

Rodrigo Rochin: Um, not the I can recovery now. We were meeting.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: On bitcoin for supposedly. Issues. But not sureâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Yeah,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: what those issues are let you know.

Tyler Wright: if you come across any issues, please just tag them in the sick chain discord channel. And then we can look to address it. I one other item that I think has been addressed, as I know that Osmosis has been talking about meeting a test that environment. I know that Overclock team has been working on creating a sandbox environment that folks can pass various things in especially like partners that we work very closely with. And so I know Andre and Archer have made sure that the folks at Osmos just have the necessary tokens in the access to the environment. So, Just want to shut that up as a part of sick chain.

Tyler Wright:  If there's nothing else, then I'll certainly let everyone go because I know it's a busy period has folks continue to work on getting ready for the network upgrade and a host of other things across Akash. Cool, much appreciated to everybody, hope everyone has a great day. Again. Next week, chain meeting will be May, 2nd of feel free to get involved and stay involved by again commenting on any issues related to the network upgrade or contributing to the sick chain discord channel. Everyone have a great rest of the day and a great week.

Adam Bozanich: Think so, thanks. Tyler.

Tyler Wright:  All right.

Artur Troian: Makes a lot.

Meeting ended after 00:11:54 ðŸ‘‹


