
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, May 2nd, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ilt2quvvl4fkghho2kegz6q7vjpgza5dttrdrvswm6v5isdpsoeq.arweave.net/QueoUrVfCqMc7tKIbPofql5sg6Oc4jjWVmer1Ehvk4k)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Denis Lelic
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur talked about the [network upgrade v0.24.0](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- It is the goal for Akash to test the upgrade with the dataset. Osmosis team has done this.
- Now have the ability to test network upgrades on datasets with snapshot. 
- Tests for v0.24.0 went well. Tested a couple of times. The tests will be running in github actions.
- The upgrade tests will be running continuously until the new network upgrade node is reached. 
- Andrey has already set up an environment to export genisus snapshot. Going to zip and store somewhere. This will shorten download time.
- The network upgrade tests should take 20 minutes. This will give huge confidence in testing.
- Network Upgrade is very close. Dates will be released soon.
- Upgrade will include migration of CRD and manifest for Provider upgrade. Artur said that the upgrade will automatically migrate these items. 
- Next Upgrade will include migration to Cosmos 46x. This is when we will have to start tracking for versions. Most of cosmos ecosystem is on 46x or 47x.
- Tyler asked the group if there were any items worth sharing as other chains upgrade on Cosmos. There was nothing of note, but all are welcome to share any findings in the [sig-chain discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751164065665114/1072576663784792124).


### Action Items

- Tyler to share updated timeline for Network Upgrade to community.
- Upgrade documentation will be written and shared by Overclock Labs team.
- Provider Upgrade documentation will be writeen and share by Overclock Labs team.
- Artur to finalize documentation for network upgrade scripts.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Artur Troian: All right.

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to SIG Chain monthly meeting number four. This special interest group is about everything related to the Akash blockchain as well as network upgrades happening on Akash. So without further ado, I know, we're marketing towards the network are great so I'll pass it on to Archer to get us going.

Artur Troian: Hi everyone. Thanks Tyler. Um, all right. Yes. Last time.

Artur Troian:  You mentioned that we have some the progress on the testing network rates. Just recap. PGA is the water test network rates on the existing data set. Just might not. Um There are a few attempts to do that on the open source community. I know this does it and probably Juno And some other teams. So we searched through the base, they they do that and came up with

Artur Troian:  to be pretty much existing idea is based on the well, osmosis performs testing. And we had a success. Is that last week? So, pretty much we have now abilities to

Artur Troian:  that's the upgrade on existing data set, which is take the snapshot Um, expertise to Genesis is all the transactions and Much this this role state of the network. And then alter validators said at some at the accounts with tokens. And that's pretty much it. So, We were able to test 24.0 upgrade on that, but a few times it works well. It right now. We are in the process of finalizing the documentation as well as some scripts for that. And we will be automating this test.

Artur Troian:  So they will be running in Github actions. An idea behind that is as soon as that as soon as that network of great appears in the Github repo. Um, the test will start. Automatically on each commit until The upgrade version is released. So for example, a little bit, publishing upgrade the test, you testing sometime this week. and the current version is so the kind of the upgrade here is fighting is 24.0 So, what that means is that the

Artur Troian:  Upgrade test will be running every time until Are 24.0 nod. Is released. So that's gonna give us a confidence that You know, we do as much as much testing as possible. Um, and we also won't need to run testnets so that's not great are no longer requirements. However, we can do that in case. Let's say we need to do so provider testing or some extra steps that Little cover. You see the upgrade? Um, just the heads up on that the actual test takes couple minutes, it's like 25. The longer is actually to you know, download snapshot and so Genesis exponent challenges and alter it, that takes some time.

Artur Troian:  But we actually surprised that it's gonna be pretty easy. So, And yes already set up environment to make the expert genesis from existing snapshot, you're going to do it. I know maybe once a week or maybe up every other week just to have the data as As close as possible to the upgrade. Of probably gonna zip it or whatever like packets owner because the Japanese attacked. So there's gonna be compressible really well, but allow us to shorten download time for that. But pretty much the test gonna take my guess is three in overall, 20 minutes. So it won't affect Chinese CI pipelines. But once again, he was a huge.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: A confidence in the testing, the error of the upgrade.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I think that's pretty much it.

Artur Troian:  For the, for the upgrade itself. Yeah, now, we are working with us to plan is gonna happen. So, we have some timelines, they're gonna be published pretty soon about that. But pretty much we still on the track with the

Artur Troian:  Does not for the GPUs. So we want to get as much as possible and you know that the computer does that is still going. The feedback will revealed so that means they need to be fixed and dust again. But

Artur Troian:  For now, the upgrade is really impossible. So great itself have been tested. We will have results. Um, but there are a couple other marks not related to the upgrade itself that needs to be

Artur Troian:  resolved.

Artur Troian:  On Tyler. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Thank you. I know there's nobody from the community here, right now. Again, There was some folks here at the previous monthly meeting, where we went over issue number 73, which is where we're tracking the network, upgrade again, some action items that will follow this meeting because again be able to do some network upgrades. Testing successfully, documentation is still one thing that has to be written as well as again, cleaning up some of the testing process. So there will be a date a rough date. For when the network upgrade will happen shortly, maybe end of week or early next week. And then again, look out for the governance proposal. That'll indicate exactly what the block height will be.

Tyler Wright:  If there's any validators or exchanges or otherwise that are going to be listening to this call, they will be contacted to make sure that they are prepared for the network upgrade. Andre Scott, do you have any thoughts or questions that you want to share? Now at this time,

Andrey Arapov: And see if it works. And yeah that's that's all about my comment.

Artur Troian: Um, we are actually releasing the immigration commands in the provider the Zunodo,…

Andrey Arapov: Oh, great. Great good. Yeah, yeah,…

Artur Troian: migration for that. Yeah, it's gonna he's gonna,…

Andrey Arapov: that's great Arturby.

Artur Troian: it's going. Yeah. It's going to punch not particles. Went into pretty much my grades existing manifest and all the things to the new.

Andrey Arapov:  Okay. Okay. Nice. Because the last time it wasn't I mean the very first time it was in his part of a cash. Binary. I remember there was some great comment was here the and then we missed it and I created the equipetal patch. I remember that's why I was like bringing up but if it if you'll take care of it, it's great. Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I don't have anything else at this point. No questions or concerns from that.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Um, before let everyone go today, one have or has anyone seen or heard of anything in the cosmos ecosystem in terms of upgrades? That's worth noting as we head into a network upgrade?

Artur Troian: Well, that's a tricky one. The thing is we still Most of the chains as far as I know, they migrated to 46. It was Moses decay. Some of them actually. Even going to the Link for the summer. So we're pretty much only the left remaining on the Christmas presentation. 45. Yeah,…

Tyler Wright: Gotcha. Okay.

Artur Troian: so I would say the next upgrade we're going to do We are going to most probably migrate to 46.x. That's what we have to start, you know. Checking, which actual patch version, one of the customer CD gaming, you're gonna have to pick and if anyone has any interest that because that I'm gonna be big.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. I know some folks just joined.

Tyler Wright:  Actually we're about to wrap up the call. Artur gave a breakdown of where we are with the network upgrade coming out. The last meeting there was some testing that needed to be done based upon some findings and Learnings and Artur got from the osmosis team. Artur is worked on implementing and automated solution for testing network upgrades. And so we Artur has implemented that for this network upgrade manually and has tested the network upgrade number of times with success the next steps continue to be around again. Network upgrade documentation, which Artur is going to do the initial round and then pass off to Scott as well as provider. Upgrade documentation, that Artur Andrei and Scott will work on again. Some additional testing. We'll get done this week and then a more finalized date around. When the network upgrade is intended to happen.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright:  Will be shared with a larger community, those that are on centralized exchanges, decentralized exchanges, validators will be notified as soon as possible so that they can get themselves ready for this network upgrade. Rodrigo, Dentist did either of you have any thoughts or comments that you wanted to share related to the Chain special interest group?

Denis Lelic: No, not exactly. I just finished one meeting and I was waiting for another one. So I just hopped into this one to see what's up.

Tyler Wright: Hey, always happy to have you. We're planning for our network upgrade. So, you'll know when, you know, we have to put out some collateral around that. How about you Rodrigo before? I close this down and get us out of here, got anything that you want to talk about.

Tyler Wright: Okay, terrific.

Rodrigo Rochin:  Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no, you're fine. All right, so again, I'll share the notes on the recording so that folks that couldn't make this meeting, can have an up-to-date understanding of what's happening with the network upgrade. We'll also continue to update the issue and the support repo issue. Number 73 with timelines, and then again, we'll share in various channels when the network upgrade is intending to happen. So folks are well, informed Just a reminder to those steering. Committee meeting is happening. This Thursday, May 4th again. So if you have the time and want to join that steering committee meeting again, feel free. But if there's nothing else thank you Artur for leading. As always, appreciate everybody that joined, everyone have a good rest of the day and go again, continue left, folks know as we march to the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you. All.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: Anyway.

Meeting ended after 00:13:06 👋

