
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, May 2nd, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants



## Notes

- Artur talked about the [network upgrade v0.24.0](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- [Issue #83](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/83) will be solved in the next network upgrade v0.24.0.
- Tyler asked the group if there were any items worth sharing as other chains upgrade on Cosmos. There was nothing of note, but all are welcome to share any findings in the [sig-chain discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751164065665114/1072576663784792124)


### Action Items

- 
