

# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, June 06, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://qmpjpisbwfvuuqkii5pyogy2zdbhdf5fi6t6f7hnrvgmueuddaoq.arweave.net/gx6XokGxa0pBSEdfhxsayMJxl6VHp-L87Y1MyhKDGB0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Mello
- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur talked about Huckleberry Security fix.
- Andrew Mello asked about the Order Parameter change. Andrey put this up for vote, and it passed.
- [Proposal 97](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/197) will be apart of the mainnet upgrade.
- Andrew Mello asked if the OrderMaxBids change will be apart of the mainnet upgrade.
- OrderMaxBids change was voted on [here](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/197).


### Action Items

- Artur and Scott are working on drafting up documentation for the mainnet upgrade.
- Tyler and Artur to add 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to SIG Chain monthly meeting number five. I'm gonna change, special interest group, We focus on all things related to the cash blockchain cosmos, as well as network upgrades, and anything relations network upgrades. you can track all the previous meetings in sync clients out of our last meeting, the fourth monthly meeting Archer gave update on public upgrade, at that point, I'm sure he'll give another update on where the network upgrade is, and what's included in the network upgrade today, as well as Artur was going through some paces on figuring out how to automate and improve the testing of network upgrade process on the costs here, since then, being able to do that successfully. And again, we'll talk about that a little bit today.

Tyler Wright:  If anybody has any questions related to blockchain related to anything else chain related, please just throw them in the chat. Without further ado, I'll pass it on to Archer to get us going and start talking about the network upgrade, which I know is something that we cover on a monthly basis.

Artur Troian: Thanks though, everyone. alright, yeah, the first thing I want to talk about this meeting is on Huckleberry, Security Fix. So, we Successfully. We provide fix last week for that without need to do network upgrade. As you may know ABC, we still use spray on Turn my net and it was duplicated where I'll go. So we went back and for this I miss you go, maintainers so and they helped us to the poor physics on Ibc3. You're able to successfully.

Artur Troian:  Release binaries and overly dieters, just pick that up. The only thing remaining for that would be.

Artur Troian:  The chain meta file in, cosmosis, decay and registry, but there are a couple comments to the PR that disappeared. So you're gonna resolve it sometime this week, but it actually doesn't block anybody peak the version. Any questions that?

Artur Troian:  All right, then moving on to test, grades to the Status of the car network, right? Osmosis decay has released. Minor change. To cosmosis, UK 45, which is 45.16. The only fix is

Artur Troian:  Taipei. So the fig runs as we grant module in the upcoming network, right? We had to pick that fix. It doesn't affect pretty much anything on this stage, so we just included it and run. Best incoming boss is fine. Moving on to the, Actual testing. The success ring operated. I would say full end-to-end testing of the network upgrade. Pretty much what happens is. We take a snapshot of carmenet exported into the Genesis the file screen. Huge. then we watch it in the way that it allows us to alter Validator said, Like a temporary validator. That allow us to run.

Artur Troian:  The testnet with the actual data set from mynet. Excluding the validators list. So you go that way. The level of just make sure that all of the migrations and the four changes, Are Rx work by that day, in the network, you're in network, right? All of those things have been published to not report.

Artur Troian:  When you go closer to not actual network, I'm great. You're gonna be providing documentation on how this thing actually works and why we because of that way. But my goal is that solution was, so we can have as reliable network of great test as possible. In the past, we had quite a few hiccups real custom syndicate. But some something comes in and it was pretty much even if you're on testnet Because the data set is completely different, something can go wrong and there's no way to catch it. Until the ground control. Might not upgrade. I'm going we're going to be extending that there are a couple of things needs to be tested, but it's gonna be Probably separate project like Stateful side. And, you know, Stop talking games on so forth. So ideally we won't have.

00:05:00

Artur Troian:  Full cycle of network grade and it should be fully automated, you know? I mean The human knowledge should do just like, you know, spin the network up. And just wait for it to succeed.

Artur Troian:  Any questions?

Artur Troian:  All right, and regards actual network upgrade. MMM. So it will be happening sometime after Gpus, asnet, you're gonna start the stage sometime next week. once we have network of what we have testnet, a completed, you'll see how many issues we encounter and how much time they need to fix. We don't expect actual issues with the network is going to be probably mostly related to ggpu implementation. But as that's application, we won't be doing network operate until we Are right on fixes. Then one more thing to the Um, actually submitting the network upgrade.

Artur Troian:  in the past, we've been using, we've been including binary information into the network of Gray. Which is pretty much fine but sometimes during the walking period a great actually sometimes needs to be attracted. Do you want to change the way we? Combine. Software, Upgrade Proposal. And I think quite a few chains in the cosmos ecosystem actually go this way. So instead of including buying actual binaries, binary rings into the operating for we're going to include link to the JSON configurations, that's going to be on the Github. And that way we can submit network upgrade. When release is not yet done.

Artur Troian:  That allows us to, for example. If you issue release them in one day, we find that it has to refracted. We can just simply retracted and generate new link. You contend for the upgrading for instead of retracting software and great proposal and writing, another seven days to pass. Once again, all of that information will be provided closer to the network grade. As it's actually going to be part of And we, 0.24 upgrade.

Artur Troian:  Any questions?

Artur Troian:  Okay, to address question from Andrew Mello. Yeah, I mean we have to do it at some point. We won't be doing it just yet. of, for number of reasons we just around, but we remember in that thing. So, it has to be fixed. We might actually to instead of doing the software, sorry proposal for that. We might just include that in the network upgrade, it's just gonna begin. So we gonna provide information on that. On the next seek changing.

Artur Troian:  On Tyler. Thank

Tyler Wright: Thank you Artur. Yeah just complication that proposal passed so yeah. Well providing update that I'll be an action item for the next big chain meeting on the implementation path for

Artur Troian: Oh, you forgot that the proposal pass. Yeah, if that passed. So then we conclusion. Simple. We're gonna include that we never compared.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, we'll add well I'm again there's the The network upgrade, you can track.

Tyler Wright:  The issue inside the support repo here. And then again, as an action we'll make sure to update that issue with all the latest and greatest and what's happening with the network upgrade. Anyone have any other questions related to network upgrade or anything, Huckleberry related, that Archer talks about?

Tyler Wright:  One other thing we do during these SIG chain meetings, is if anybody's working or involved in any other cosmos chains and is done in the upgrades lately, we would love to hear any experiences just in case there's any red flags or things for us to look out for. So, if anybody has anything that they've experienced another cosmos, change that they want to talk about during upgrade today, Please feel free to raise your hand, otherwise please put that in. Sick chain discord between meetings, so we can kind of track any like bugs or any nuance things that can be avoided prior to them. May not upgrade.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright:  Well, that's the agenda for today. I know that Andrew Mello had a question again, that'll be an action item. That'll be added to the ticket for the main. Net upgrade before the next big chain meeting. Does anyone else have any questions? Comments, thoughts related to chain or the network upgrade that they want to talk about today?

Tyler Wright: It's not then that'll conclude the meeting. Thank you all for participating and showing up Archer. Thank you for leading as always. We'll check those action items. And again, when once the updates have been made to issue number 73, then I'll throw that issue in the SIG chain discord. So people can track it from there and again continually comments between meetings, but a much, appreciate everyone's time today. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day and a great week. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks.

Meeting ended after 00:31:56 ðŸ‘‹
