
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, July 11th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://sxisediwxnr2rnn2kq4dte3bkw2p7fsbg5h2fuc3tsrgimbgnfkq.arweave.net/ldEiDRa7Y6i1ulQ4OZNhVbT_lkE3T6LQW5yiZDAmaVU)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Tyler talked about the Network upgrade and what will be included in the network upgrade. 
- Artur talked about the changelog in the Node Repo.
- Artur talked about how he and Scott will work on Mainnet upgrade instructions. 
- Cheng asked about Take Pay and the testing strategy for the Take Pay Feature.
- Artur reiterated that Take Pay will be apart of the network upgrade and will be tested internally and with the community prior to mainnet launch.
- Cheng and Anil worked on a document that outlines tasks that can help test Take Pay. Artur is refencing that document right now.
- Scott 

### Action Items

- Tyler to update sig-chain discord channel with updates regarding mainent upgrade dates and take pay testing.
- Scott and Artur will develop and test Mainnet upgrade instructions.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Chain monthly meeting number six. I'm at these chain, Special Interest group meetings discussions around the Akash blockchain. There's discussion of Cosmos SDK, If there's any main, net upgrades on the horizon, there's discussion those items. So again, if you're listening to this recording and you want to feel to join future meetings always welcome for folks to talk about anything related to The main net, upgrade or anything Blockchain related.

Tyler Wright: One of the major upcoming items before I hand over our trip again, it's going is issue number 73. And the support repo inside that issue. You can see the network upgrade or which is version 0.24 and you can see a number of the items that will be happening as a part of the main and upgrade Obviously GPUs being one of the bigger action items, there are a number of other things the main that upgrade is going to provide solutions for. So please feel free to look at the comments where items are tracked. I know out of the last meeting. Andrew Melo, brought up an action item around?

Tyler Wright: The order max bids parameter being changed. That was something that was put on proposal on chain and that was passed. And that will also be something that will be a part of the main and upgrade. So again, if anybody has any questions on what's going to be a part of the mainnet, upgrade coming up soon, please feel free to look at issue number 73 to track all those updates. Without further ado, I'll hand it over to our trip, to get us going. I'll be taking notes in the background.

Artur Troian: Things that I follow everyone. Yeah, I'll try to keep this being short. So we pretty much on the freeze stage in regards to the current network grade. All the teachers that we are community wanted already been included and much more tested. So, we won't Adding any more features as related to A great self. However, the encoder any box, we just gonna fix that. The list of the changes is reflected in the general log, let me just shared homes and

Artur Troian: moving truck is the upgrade 24.0. we will put in the change up for each. Network Great. One second.

Artur Troian: So change lock can be found in upgrades. Change log.

Artur Troian: It has a few things to, We're talking about the number one, is current consensus. Versions is pretty much the

Artur Troian: schema for each module, that is Developed by Aka And we use that. From migrations. So, for example, when we do migration, let's say on the deployment, you have to increment this number. It is hard to find. So we just decided to have a table just to provide the current version. So the next time when the new one is coming in just, where to find it and there's a small template in regards to how to create actually look entry, and then following, they're gonna be all of the Africa. Great right now. We have Just healed for 24. We will be back port in all of the change. Locks for previous network rates, we had three before that but hopefully that's gonna help. Everyone to, keep an eye on what's going on and what's going to be good?

Artur Troian: Any questions to that?

Artur Troian: All right, so in terms of upgrades the Dude Test grades right now probably pretty much. Every commit comes into the north, there's gonna be happening until we reach version 0.24. And the status of the testing is reflected in the tests over here, so we can just check all of this device, sorry about that. we can see them happening. If you just go actions, let's say right now.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Let's press the tests. Just any of them. And if you go to the natural grade, You can see they're like all this would have been over here, anyone interested? You can just check it up, or for this pretty cool test and see what's going on there. But you try to create that to make it as simple as possible, and yet, as efficient as possible. So what it does is pretty much take in this. Snapshot of current may not alters the validator set so we can submit local proposals spins up the validator, we submit the proposal need and then we have a customizer that actually, checks there's upgrade and runs the handler ones. The

Artur Troian: A service which is a great height. So it's pretty much the standard way that we do on my net that allows us to test upgrade on the Real data set, which is the main end. I hope that gonna be it for me and more questions.

Artur Troian: Okay, and tell her then back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, anything related to the Mainnet, upgrade can be found issue. Number 73, which Chan will be linked in the notes as well inside of support repo. I've also linked and will be linked in the notes as well. The change log inside of the node repo Upgrades folder on the Artur which is talking about. If anybody has any further questions there, feel free to leave those and take chain.

Tyler Wright: So we've talked about the main net upgrade also, during the sink chain meetings, we leave some time for folks that maybe participate in other cosmos upgrades and maybe have some insights, some thoughts, and some things that they pass, or they've seen along the way. Does anybody here have any comments about any other changes in Cosmos that they want this group to be aware?

Tyler Wright: Alright, again, if you can't think of anything now or if you're watching this recording later, feel free to drop anything inside the state chain discord channel. So that folks can stay up to date on any bugs or any issues that have happened in other cosmos, chains that, again, the Akash team and Overclock team should be aware.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about related to blockchain related to the main net upgrade, or any other items?

Tyler Wright: So I know that we're going through the GPU testnet again that has been extended until July 19th. And then there's some other items that will be tested as well by the insider community in the wider communities, as we push into main upgrade. Go ahead Cheng.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I mean, we're gonna have a little bit of delay on that, so there are a few issues popped up during the debut testnet, which we need to fix first. But finish that of the next step will be to start time pay. So the take pay will be included in the network upgrade and it will be tested before going actually live. but we might have a few days away at this stage. We plan to do something like that next week, but hopefully this week we will be able to set up the IBC and Luna network, great for the staging. and we will be using station.

Artur Troian: What we call it. So we have network which is reflection of the minor. We will be upgrading that to the Upgrade 24, which include state pay. And we will be starting testing that

Cheng Wang: And in terms of the test parameters, like the actual tasks and things like that, are you just using the docket and Neil? And I wrote up Or is there a specific engineering Doc.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Okay. Got it. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: So Any further conversations and updates related to take, pay will be added to the support tickets. And then again, I think there will be a more public testnet, that'll be shared with folks in the community sometime soon. Does anyone else have anything chain related that they want to discuss? Right now.

Tyler Wright: All again if nothing else her, thank you for walking us through what those next steps are. I know, one of the action items between this meeting in the next meeting will be around network. The upgrade instructions. I know that's Scott's and Archer will work closely to create those instructions, and then we'll leverage members of the community to test those instructions, prior to the main net upgrade. So please look out for that item between this meeting and probably the next monthly meeting. So, take that as an action, I don't But if there's nothing else, then again, I'll give you some of your time back today. if you're watching or listening to this recording, feel free to join the conversation and SIG chain. And again, feel free to join these meetings. Which happened believe the second Tuesday of every month,

Tyler Wright: If you want to be added to the invite for the event, please let me know inside discord. But again, thank you to all that participated today. Much appreciate Archer for leading this. And thank you for the questions and comments, Everyone have a great rest of the day. Go ahead, Luna.

Tyler Wright: Then you might be clapping your hands or you might be raising your hand, but I just want to make sure you're not raising your hand before. I let us go, just click Got it. All right. again everyone have a great rest of the day. We'll certainly talk on discord. If need anything, but everyone enjoy the rest of the day. Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:12:30 ðŸ‘‹

