sig-chain/meetings/007-2023-08-01.md, before:


# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, August 1st, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Anish Maddipoti
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke Ezagui


## Notes

- Tyler talked about the Network upgrade and what will be included in the network upgrade.
- Artur mentioned that some additional testing has happenned over the last few weeks.
- Artur mentioned that there is only 1 change of commission for 24 hours. Please take a look at the changelog for the upgrade.
- The sandbox has been updated to v0.24.0. The take pay will take off this week. Osmosis connection has been confirmed.
- Targetting upgrade for next two weeks.
- Tyler asked if anyone had any noteworthy experiences with upgrades with other Cosmos Projects. No one had anything to note.
- Users can share any thing of note related to network upgrades in Cosmos in the sig-chain discord channel.  


### Action Items

- 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG Chain monthly meeting number seven. In the chain, specialist group, we discuss all things upgrades related to the blockchain Cosmos, SDK and beyond. So if anybody Again.

Tyler Wright: Has any discussions and it's any thoughts about anything related to again, network upgrades Cosmos SDK and they cost blockchain In general. This is again, the special interest group where that's discussed at the most, recent specialist group chain meeting the monthly meeting number six, The march continues towards net upgrades in this main net upgrade. There are a number of things that are being added, including GPUs a number of other fixes to the network. Take pay in addition. So if anybody wants to track anything related to the network upgrade go inside the support repo and there is an issue where you can track everything related to it. I'll put it in the chat right now. But That's issue number.

Tyler Wright: 83 or 73 rather. I'll throw it in the chat for folks to have access to.

Tyler Wright: again as we continue to march towards the main, net upgrade, there's a number of things that are still ongoing this week out of the GPU ai inside by testnet. There were a couple of bugs that were identified by members of the community those bugs have since had potential resolve. Those things are being tested internally by the Overclock Labs core team. And then there's a group of insiders in Vanguard that are going to be doing some extents of testing over our next couple of days of those related to the bug fixes. Additionally, this week there will be some testing and so look out for some announcements around this related to take pay again Archer. The core team was on this. Call going to go through some measures today to update the parameters.

Tyler Wright: Of do a upgrade to the sandbox environment on chain kind of proposal for the take paid. And then, again, do some take pay testing internally before we share it with the wider community,

Tyler Wright: So again, just giving a brief overview of what's been happening in the past couple of months at the pertains to Chain again, I'll throw everything related to the outstanding network upgrade that's coming soon in the chat for folks. Archer, I'll hand it over to you. If you want to give a brief update on some of the next steps that you're working on. I know that Scott who's usually on this call, who's going to be supporting documentation. So, again, when that documentation is available for upgrading both validators and providers, that will be shared across many channels, both on Twitter discord and elsewhere. but then again, as we move towards that path, artured is anything that you want to About related to the mainnet upgrade.

Artur Troian: There are a few things I would like to highlight. That happened through the last week's, since latest. Change. So number one is, we've done some extra testing in regards to actual network, And there was a tiny little bug related to A political commission. So, as you know, there was a governance proposal related to set minimum whether commission to 5% and we're gonna force over theaters that below 5%. During network grade. However what may happen if some validates or decides let's say they are on 2% and they decide to sell to 3% within 24 hour window.

Artur Troian: Or the upgrade. I'm going to fail because change prohibits changing of the commission.

Artur Troian: The only one change per 24 hours for whatever commission, so we have to fix that. We did our own handler for this particular part, which will be applicable. Only for me 24 Network rate. Once again that all you reflected in the chess, block for upgrade itself. Other that I think we did significant big test on the sandbox. And all seems to be working as we idified. moving one to the sandbox itself. So we have upgraded it from the minus version to the 24. And the take pay is going to kick off this week. We have established ABC connection to the osmosis IBC.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: And we will be able to shovel some use DC tokens between the networks and use them to pay for. Overwatch. More details about that. We will be publishing later. And so, we targeting upgrade. Probably we can have two weeks from now. We're gonna see you later this week. How does that goes? If no issues observed. Then we will be

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, as mentioned, there's going to be a number of updates, that'll be made across a number of different channels as we get closer to the main that upgrades that we're making sure that exchanges are notified values. And notified providers are notified, we've been working very closely with deployment tools like console cloud notes and others to make sure that they are up to speed and they're supported on anything that they may need working very closely with the prey to our team, on the provider side to make sure that again anything that they need leading up to the upgrade they have. Does anyone on this call? Have any questions about the main net upgrade or anything that they're dating from the core team as we march towards the main and upgrade

Tyler Wright: Again, if you have anything or anybody from your teams, anybody on this call has any questions, feel free to put them in the sick chain channel or you can put them in the issue. Number 73 and github and I'll make sure that somebody from the core team seat that I can answer those questions very quickly. So again, as a reminder, the core team is working on main next. Upgrade documentation, there's already been from conversations around that and again, once that made it up, upgrade documentation is available be shared for folks to test and then to make sure that they have access to it when we have the main end upgrade, which should be happening, is Archer said over the next couple of weeks. But again, there will be updates in various channels as we confirm those dates and block heights for the main it up. Great.

Tyler Wright: Cool, Max. I know you're just joining us. We were talking about the main net upgrade again. There's some additional testing that's ongoing related to issue 104, 106 as well as related to take pay. Folks from the community will start doing some extensive testing over my next couple of days. And then again, a determination on where we are in terms of mainnet upgrade, we'll be determined on Friday. There should be more information as it pertains to block height. When the proposal should go on chain etc. Does anyone have any thoughts questions about the main upgrade?

Tyler Wright: I know that's a big action item at this sick chain. another thing that we do during sink chain, is kind of talk about other things that are happening in Cosmos, SDK. I know there's some folks that are on this call or some folks that are in our community do validation or are part of other chains when they do upgrades and again, when they do upgrades certainly, there's things that happen.

Tyler Wright: Throughout the process. And as a overclock labs core team, we always want to be aware of what's happening on other cosmos chains. So again, if there's any issue related to maintenance upgrades, those issues can be identified as early as possible, and then we can look to rectify before the maintenance upgrade actually happened. So, if anybody here has any information or has any experiences from any other upgrades, or any other cosmos projects that they want to talk about, feel free to raise your hand now, or free to throw something in chat between meetings or assets happening. So that again, the core team has an understanding of all the things that are happening on the castle. Anyone have anything related to again, upgrading validators or upgrading? Asthma projects that I want to talk about right now.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: All that's our typical agenda. I know again, the big action items that we want to get folks attention on, was the main upgrade. Again, if anybody wants to continue to track the main net upgrade, you via the support repo and issue number 73. Again, you can also ask any questions inside discord specifically, the SIG chain channel, where if you have any questions like to make that upgrade or you need to contact anybody about. Specific deployment tools, etc. Please feel free to drop those questions in discord and make sure that you get a quick response. Is there anything else chain related to anyone else? Wants to discuss today on this call.

Tyler Wright: I'll take the silences. Y'all are all Cool. again, before the next monthly meeting for state chain, there should be a network upgrade. Please take a look in discord, Twitter telegram and elsewhere to get up to date information on everything related to the main net upgrade. I know it's very exciting time. I know Archer and others have put a great deal of work. I know that Cloud boasts has been again an instrumental part and supporting the GPU test not to helping Got to the part and then again has been a number of things across a number of different projects. So thank you everybody. That's on this call. I see Roger here who again instrumental in event supporting people in the community. So thank you all to everybody here If you have any questions related to May not feel free to ask and discord and we'll make sure you get a swift answer.

Tyler Wright: But again I hope everyone has a great rest of the day. We'll talk on line, I'm sure. Thank you all for taking the time today.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Zeke Ezagui: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:12:14 👋

Commit message:

sig-chain Update 007-2023-08-01.md
add action items, and recording

Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-chain/meetings/007-2023-08-01.md, after:


# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, August 1st, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ublt6v3ytezl3kaq6ygiaz2zk52wxhmp7khokzmiy2ufgjheanpa.arweave.net/oFc_V3iZMr2oEPYMgGdZV3VrnY_6juVliMaoUyTkA14)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Anish Maddipoti
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke Ezagui


## Notes

- Tyler talked about the Network upgrade and what will be included in the network upgrade.
- Artur mentioned that some additional testing has happenned over the last few weeks.
- Artur mentioned that there is only 1 change of commission for 24 hours. Please take a look at the changelog for the upgrade.
- The sandbox has been updated to v0.24.0. The take pay will take off this week. Osmosis connection has been confirmed.
- Targetting upgrade for next two weeks.
- Tyler asked if anyone had any noteworthy experiences with upgrades with other Cosmos Projects. No one had anything to note.
- Users can share any thing of note related to network upgrades in Cosmos in the sig-chain discord channel.  


### Action Items

- Core team and community testing Take pay, stable-payments, and other items ahead of network upgrade.
- Core team to finalize network upgrade documentation and instructions and share with the community.
- Upgrade details will be released with the community soon via Discord, Twitter, and other public channels. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG Chain monthly meeting number seven. In the chain, specialist group, we discuss all things upgrades related to the blockchain Cosmos, SDK and beyond. So if anybody Again.

Tyler Wright: Has any discussions and it's any thoughts about anything related to again, network upgrades Cosmos SDK and they cost blockchain In general. This is again, the special interest group where that's discussed at the most, recent specialist group chain meeting the monthly meeting number six, The march continues towards net upgrades in this main net upgrade. There are a number of things that are being added, including GPUs a number of other fixes to the network. Take pay in addition. So if anybody wants to track anything related to the network upgrade go inside the support repo and there is an issue where you can track everything related to it. I'll put it in the chat right now. But That's issue number.

Tyler Wright: 83 or 73 rather. I'll throw it in the chat for folks to have access to.

Tyler Wright: again as we continue to march towards the main, net upgrade, there's a number of things that are still ongoing this week out of the GPU ai inside by testnet. There were a couple of bugs that were identified by members of the community those bugs have since had potential resolve. Those things are being tested internally by the Overclock Labs core team. And then there's a group of insiders in Vanguard that are going to be doing some extents of testing over our next couple of days of those related to the bug fixes. Additionally, this week there will be some testing and so look out for some announcements around this related to take pay again Archer. The core team was on this. Call going to go through some measures today to update the parameters.

Tyler Wright: Of do a upgrade to the sandbox environment on chain kind of proposal for the take paid. And then, again, do some take pay testing internally before we share it with the wider community,

Tyler Wright: So again, just giving a brief overview of what's been happening in the past couple of months at the pertains to Chain again, I'll throw everything related to the outstanding network upgrade that's coming soon in the chat for folks. Archer, I'll hand it over to you. If you want to give a brief update on some of the next steps that you're working on. I know that Scott who's usually on this call, who's going to be supporting documentation. So, again, when that documentation is available for upgrading both validators and providers, that will be shared across many channels, both on Twitter discord and elsewhere. but then again, as we move towards that path, artured is anything that you want to About related to the mainnet upgrade.

Artur Troian: There are a few things I would like to highlight. That happened through the last week's, since latest. Change. So number one is, we've done some extra testing in regards to actual network, And there was a tiny little bug related to A political commission. So, as you know, there was a governance proposal related to set minimum whether commission to 5% and we're gonna force over theaters that below 5%. During network grade. However what may happen if some validates or decides let's say they are on 2% and they decide to sell to 3% within 24 hour window.

Artur Troian: Or the upgrade. I'm going to fail because change prohibits changing of the commission.

Artur Troian: The only one change per 24 hours for whatever commission, so we have to fix that. We did our own handler for this particular part, which will be applicable. Only for me 24 Network rate. Once again that all you reflected in the chess, block for upgrade itself. Other that I think we did significant big test on the sandbox. And all seems to be working as we idified. moving one to the sandbox itself. So we have upgraded it from the minus version to the 24. And the take pay is going to kick off this week. We have established ABC connection to the osmosis IBC.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: And we will be able to shovel some use DC tokens between the networks and use them to pay for. Overwatch. More details about that. We will be publishing later. And so, we targeting upgrade. Probably we can have two weeks from now. We're gonna see you later this week. How does that goes? If no issues observed. Then we will be

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, as mentioned, there's going to be a number of updates, that'll be made across a number of different channels as we get closer to the main that upgrades that we're making sure that exchanges are notified values. And notified providers are notified, we've been working very closely with deployment tools like console cloud notes and others to make sure that they are up to speed and they're supported on anything that they may need working very closely with the prey to our team, on the provider side to make sure that again anything that they need leading up to the upgrade they have. Does anyone on this call? Have any questions about the main net upgrade or anything that they're dating from the core team as we march towards the main and upgrade

Tyler Wright: Again, if you have anything or anybody from your teams, anybody on this call has any questions, feel free to put them in the sick chain channel or you can put them in the issue. Number 73 and github and I'll make sure that somebody from the core team seat that I can answer those questions very quickly. So again, as a reminder, the core team is working on main next. Upgrade documentation, there's already been from conversations around that and again, once that made it up, upgrade documentation is available be shared for folks to test and then to make sure that they have access to it when we have the main end upgrade, which should be happening, is Archer said over the next couple of weeks. But again, there will be updates in various channels as we confirm those dates and block heights for the main it up. Great.

Tyler Wright: Cool, Max. I know you're just joining us. We were talking about the main net upgrade again. There's some additional testing that's ongoing related to issue 104, 106 as well as related to take pay. Folks from the community will start doing some extensive testing over my next couple of days. And then again, a determination on where we are in terms of mainnet upgrade, we'll be determined on Friday. There should be more information as it pertains to block height. When the proposal should go on chain etc. Does anyone have any thoughts questions about the main upgrade?

Tyler Wright: I know that's a big action item at this sick chain. another thing that we do during sink chain, is kind of talk about other things that are happening in Cosmos, SDK. I know there's some folks that are on this call or some folks that are in our community do validation or are part of other chains when they do upgrades and again, when they do upgrades certainly, there's things that happen.

Tyler Wright: Throughout the process. And as a overclock labs core team, we always want to be aware of what's happening on other cosmos chains. So again, if there's any issue related to maintenance upgrades, those issues can be identified as early as possible, and then we can look to rectify before the maintenance upgrade actually happened. So, if anybody here has any information or has any experiences from any other upgrades, or any other cosmos projects that they want to talk about, feel free to raise your hand now, or free to throw something in chat between meetings or assets happening. So that again, the core team has an understanding of all the things that are happening on the castle. Anyone have anything related to again, upgrading validators or upgrading? Asthma projects that I want to talk about right now.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: All that's our typical agenda. I know again, the big action items that we want to get folks attention on, was the main upgrade. Again, if anybody wants to continue to track the main net upgrade, you via the support repo and issue number 73. Again, you can also ask any questions inside discord specifically, the SIG chain channel, where if you have any questions like to make that upgrade or you need to contact anybody about. Specific deployment tools, etc. Please feel free to drop those questions in discord and make sure that you get a quick response. Is there anything else chain related to anyone else? Wants to discuss today on this call.

Tyler Wright: I'll take the silences. Y'all are all Cool. again, before the next monthly meeting for state chain, there should be a network upgrade. Please take a look in discord, Twitter telegram and elsewhere to get up to date information on everything related to the main net upgrade. I know it's very exciting time. I know Archer and others have put a great deal of work. I know that Cloud boasts has been again an instrumental part and supporting the GPU test not to helping Got to the part and then again has been a number of things across a number of different projects. So thank you everybody. That's on this call. I see Roger here who again instrumental in event supporting people in the community. So thank you all to everybody here If you have any questions related to May not feel free to ask and discord and we'll make sure you get a swift answer.

Tyler Wright: But again I hope everyone has a great rest of the day. We'll talk on line, I'm sure. Thank you all for taking the time today.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Zeke Ezagui: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:12:14 👋
