
# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Discuss [Network Upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).
- Network Upgrade testing update.
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, September 5th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://r67rmtmtcv66e7edkvshs42dzkzhk46xpknlhrtrvzwkvdm464ja.arweave.net/j78WTZMVfeJ8g1VkeXNDyrJ1c9d6mrPGca5sqo2c9xI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Tyler talked about the network upgrade that happened last week. 
- Artur mentioned that Mainnet 6 went out with any major issues.
- All the major features for the Mainnet 6 Upgrade were successful.
- GPUs have been unlocked on the Akash Network.
- Take Pay is another feature that has been tested by the community extensively.
- [Proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/228) for USDC is up for vote right now. The proposal closes Thursday.
- Spam proposals has been solved on the Akash Network. There is more AKT required to submit a proposal.
- 5% Commission for Validators did NOT work. This is being investigated right now.
- There will be a validator upgrade sometime soon to resolve this issue.
- Hope that the upgrade will go live for vote this week. This is only needed for Validators.
- Artur mentioned that folks will keep an eye on the network over the next few weeks.
- Artur mentioned that users should call out new features for the next network Upgrade.



### Action Items

- Core team to solve issue around 5% minimum Validator commission.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG chain monthly meeting number eight. During these chain, special interest group meetings. The group discusses things related to the network related to cosmos SDK and again, just a cost blockchain in general. One of the big projects of distinct chain has been working on over the last couple of months has been issue. Number 73, which was a network upgrade to Mainnet. Six.

Tyler Wright: That network unlocked, a host of features highlighted by GPUs being available on the Akash network, as well as stable payments and take pay there again, just was a huge, huge upgrade with a number of different features that were made available and made net fix. So, again, appreciate the core team as well as many members of the community that participate in Akash incentivize testnet, as well as the number of other testing environments, as we got ready for the that main Six upgrade was last Thursday and was successful. I think the upgrade process for validators. Took less than five minutes and almost all one successfully, I think there was a couple things that we'll talk about here today. But again, the validators were able to come online. And again, there was a provider upgrade.

Tyler Wright: For that. So again all things that were tested went through successfully and now issue 73, I believe is closed. I would do want to hand it over to Artur to talk about any highlights on and any other information related to that meeting, that's except great. But again, appreciate all the efforts of the community in the core team. I got us to this point.

Artur Troian: Things that are. Hi everyone. Yeah. So that was a huge success for us all and very happy that great 24 when without any issues there are a couple hi-hops we would like to cover on but that's nothing sort of major.

Artur Troian: All the main features that we were targeting are working as expected. So, number one, is my right into the new version of the API, which is we want later three, that includes number of enhancements, including GPU support, the second major topic of that is,

Artur Troian: A step of payments including That all of events really well and we submitted next proposal to introduce to enable use usdt payments on a car and Proposal is due to finish, I think on Thursday. And right after that, the state of payments through osmosis will be available. A couple of things. Number one, we turned on. Spam filter for the proposals. So pretty much. Now the minimum deposit required to, speed proposal on chain is 40% of total deposit amount.

Artur Troian: And right now that is 400 Akt so that allows us to sort of filter all those spam hydro proposes being created through last for six months and the good thing about that is as soon as someone actually can send me super proposal of the spine but validators can just vitate and that way the proposal gonna lose deposit so they will likely know not do that. Next thing is that was partially executed that related to minimal debtors commission. so because of two parts, number one is forcing all the validators that

Artur Troian: have a commission bill of 5% to 5% that thing didn't work. For some reason, it wasn't dry round. it was simulated but not executed, we are investigating what's going on and you'll be issued next network of great shortly. It will be just a simple one. Just make sure that all the way letters to have the Commission set to 5%. The good news are that there is a unhandler. That checks the regulator create update transaction. If the commission for the validate or during EDIT or create is less than five percent, it will just not allow transaction to execute, so it does not apply to any filter changes.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Or a new radiators just applies to Decimalidators and we will be fixing it so that we hope that upgrade gonna go live this week. And then next week we will coordinate upgrade for it. It's going to be purely related to validators, so we don't have to execute it across them entire network. I think that covers it, so We'll keep an eye on network for next couple weeks just to make sure that everything works, And then right? After that, when the next chain comes on, we're gonna start talking about what next we would like to bring on the network of features improvements and enhancements. I think there will be Teller, take it away.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, So as mentioned, there will be some updates, I'm sure of the next couple of days about voting for new upgrade that will include the five percent minimum.

Tyler Wright: Commissioned as well as again, upgrade our excuse updates to any documentation for that upgrade. If necessary as Artur mentioned, if you have any thoughts about what should be next on the network, feel free to drop those in again, feel free to attend future sick. Came up the meetings where we could talk about these things live. But again, much appreciate the community for all they did over the last couple of months and attending these sick came up in meeting from participating and testing and incentivize test nets that got us to again the successful mainnet, six for version 0.24.0.

Tyler Wright: Documentation has been updated by Scott if you still are trying to upgrade, or if you have any questions, please feel free to drop The validator channel or drop them into provider channel deployment, channel and discord. But if there's nothing else, then certainly we'll talk online between meetings, much appreciate Archer. And Scott, it's always thank you.

Scott Carruthers: But they start, but

Meeting ended after 00:07:49 ðŸ‘‹

