


# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

## Agenda

- Discuss upcoming network upgrades.
- Discussion on Github Discussion 309
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, October 10th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://nyvxvysvdc5oz5zwbmxrvtkyh2n2rrsqkopr2gxgpd7gkptvvsyq.arweave.net/bit64lUYuuz3NgsvGs1YPpuoxlBTnx0a5nj-ZT51rLE)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Bao Pham
- Boz Menzalji
- George Pro
- Julius Haus
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur mentioned that there was another successful upgrade. 
- Validator commission was running in dry run mode. This was fixed. 
- Authorization issue was found after upgrade related to the upgrade. 
- Two upgrade are coming very soon. Artur and the core team want to have upgrades 
- The first upgrade will be around bid attributes. The client may want to know what provider office hours. Bid message is perfect place to this information. 
- This should be something similar to attributes currently on chain.
- The second upgrade is Packet forwarding. This feature needs to be tested extensively before it goes live. 
- Boz asked if upgrades require central exchanges will need to upgrade or just validators? Artur clarified that both network upgrades will require provides
- Artur wants to call core network V1. It is time. The product has grown over the last 2 years.
- Tenants can deploy and pay with USDC on the network. More tokens are coming soon. 

Bao and his team talked about [discussion 309](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/309). Artur gave the group feedback.

- Artur mentioned that the naming of fee abstraction may be wrong. Fee abstraction is something different. 
- ICQ is not ready to be used right now. We cannot rely on it right now.
- Cross currency swap is still something that is interesting. Really narrow use case. 
- Still interested in Fee abstraction for gas fees. Right now all gas has to be in the AKT. 
- Artur wants to close this conversation, and open up a new discussion. It would be great to talk about ICQ and provide some more details. 
- Artur wants to talk more about cross currency swaps, especially for the Community Pool. 
- Artur wants to know more about ICQ, who is working on it, and more details about code implementation. 


### Action Items

- Tyler and Artur is going to create issues for network upgrade. 
- Bao and team to close current issue, and make a new issue with some more detail and a new title. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SEG chain monthly meeting number 9. During the blockchain or chain for Shorts, Special Interest Group the group here, mostly comprised that folks from the core team in members of the community talk about everything related to the Blockchain Cosmos SDK network upgrades on And so again, some of these pops tend to be a little bit more technical since our stick to 6, monthly meeting with sick chain, usually is the first week of every month. First Tuesday, the last meeting saw the network upgrade, to mainnet, six being complete, there was a couple of outstanding items that were talked about during the last thing chain monthly meeting.

Tyler Wright: There's since been that network Fix some issues related to authorized spend cooling as well as the 5% validator commission minimum, which was again, part of mainnet sticks. those items have been tested. And again, the community seems to be Responding well to both those upgrades that have happened over the last month. So, again, shout out to Arthur Scott, I'm a members of the core team and again, thanks for those in the community that helped testing meeting up to Mainnet, Six. And then the network upgrade. That just happened a couple of weeks ago.

Tyler Wright: So again, there's been a lot of progress over the last month on the network. The network upgrade made at six unlock GPUs as well as a host of other features on the network. And again this most recent network upgrade fixed some validator commission issues as well as Mason changes to all see

Tyler Wright: I know that Archer who is leading efforts from The core product, has some more updates to give as a supreme to future network upgrades. But again we want to get the floor to artur a little bit to give us some upgrades. And then from there we can open up the questions from folks that are here today. Again there was somebody from the community that wanted to talk about a discussion that they put on Github discussion number 309 that I'll put in the chat around Akt fee of section. If a person is here we can talk about it here with members of the core team. If not again we'll just open up. If anybody has any questions or comments about anything Akash Blockchain related times when Decay etc. Without further ado, I'll pass it over to Artur to get it started with some updates from him in the engineering core.

Artur Troian: Thanks Hello everyone So Yes that'll just mentioned. We had yet another successful upgrade and we can go so that fixed one issue that was Passed over from the point 24, upgrades are related to validators commission, it was just running right arm mode and even apply. We fix that, as well as.

Artur Troian: Smoky cup that we discovered poster graduated to the querying of the positive deployment deposit of authorizations. So those deposit authorizations were not upgraded to the new API version and it was causing some issues on some clients. For example, some comments were just unable to query previous authorizations, pre-order. They might have a great six. so all those issues have been successfully cured and we are working right now on these two shortcoming upgrades

Artur Troian: That I would like to share with the community. Number one is the first upgrade will be related to the extending bead message specification to allow providers put details on what actually they be. For example, deployment has wild card specification for the GPUs the client may want to actually know what provider offers for this particular deployment and the Beat message is the perfect place to pull that in. We're still working on the specification on how exactly it will be late out inside the bit create message, but it should be something similar to the existing attributes that we have on the chain.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: The next one will be bucket forwarding. So we have much done implementation itself and extensive testing falls up. So we want to test this feature as much as we can before going live. See the best. That's kind of dramatic functionality that we would like to be working 100% and that brings us a lot of things. Including one, click Swap for let's say Agg Julius DC, for those who want to pay in USC for the deployments. As for right now, it has to be done through the multi-stage process. For example, switch to osmosis do the swap and then send tokens back over the IBC using pocket forwarding. It just gonna be pretty much single click.

Artur Troian: that is it I would say for the shortcoming upgrade updates details about when those upgrades gonna happen, we will be sharing soon through Our communication channels, but I would say the next upgrade is coming in about three weeks.

Artur Troian: That pretty much it from this subject, any questions?

Artur Troian: Okay, do we want to chat about three or nine discussion or should we push it later?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead boss.

Boz Menzalji: The question Arthur for the upgrade Does this require not just validators but I'm centralized exchanges as well or no.

Artur Troian: A year. So both upgrades I'm afraid and I require that simply because the API changes and all of the nodes will be in the same patches that

Boz Menzalji: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Great Archer, One question, I had and the natural Segway, There's a six, support call happening tomorrow. Stuff again, if anybody has any questions on what's happening related to some of the outstanding issues, relate to the core product, feel free to join that conversation Archer. Do we want to make specific issues for these network upgrades similar to where we did for v0.24.0 or because they're smaller we can just have conversations directly with the community and discord.

Artur Troian: And I think it's gonna go to have issues anyways and actually yeah, thanks for bringing that up. There is a one thing that we are circulating inside is to actually call Not repo for V1. I think it's a good time for that. the network has matured over this two years. And It brings couple improvements to the process as For example, releasing and network upgrades. because in the goal and the V2 and upper versions are pretty much new distinct packages. It drastically simplifies Maintaining previous network upgrades within the code base. We just have to remove them as we have to do right now.

Artur Troian: And it's gonna remove the confusion that we have is the naming of the network operates itself. so right now, we have this what 0.24.0 0.26.0, which is a little bit over overcomplicated and let's say we to be three before V5 V6 is going to be way more.

Artur Troian: Easy to read and understand and I think we actually gonna maybe align it with the mainnet night names that we have right now. So yeah. Anyways, we're gonna do the thing and eat quite soon but yeah, let's have those issues as well.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Does anyone have any questions about anything Akash Blockchain related?

Tyler Wright: We usually also create some time. I know that folks in their casha community are also potential validators or also involved in other communities and the cosmos ecosystem. I was wondering if anybody here is participated in any upgrades on any other chains? There might be anything of note, both positive or negative, that It might be worth sharing with again, Overclock Labs core team related to anything network upgraded related.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Again, I know that there was potential for somebody to join the conversation related to Abstraction, which is discussion number 309, I believe Artur's already left the comment related to a discussion, Bao, do you want to speak? I see your hand rates. Go ahead.

Bao Pham: hello, we are tailors as discussed to Tyler earlier that we are here to discuss our idea of a cast fee of attraction to improve user experience.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. can you talk a little bit that high level? I know. Artur have some time to look at it over the weekend and it's given some feedback. But again, we just wanted you to be able to quickly at a high level present your idea. I know that you put a great discussion but it'd be great to hear it live for me right now at the highest level about what you're trying to solve and then we can give you some feedback and potential next steps. So the floor is yours.

Bao Pham: Absolutely. No. I'm going to transfer the microphone too. so our idea is in spite by a discussion on Github about allowing Usdc payment. And in the discussion, you guys has mentioned a feature called. Cross currency payment.

Bao Pham: and so we want to provide with a solution. For the implementation of that feature.

Bao Pham: and what we want to do is logic similar to the fee abstraction module. So that

Bao Pham: we can. Beat and leech in different currency. By leveraging, the osmosis tax by IBC Swap.

Bao Pham: is any question?

Tyler Wright: Were you all able to take a look? I know it's Archer responded Today. Artur, do you want to just chime in that high level on? Maybe some questions or comments? You have related to that discussion.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Hey Thanks for the submission. So first of all, Let's just probably start I can share my screen From the headline. I'm not sure than aktv abstraction is a good name for that. there is a thing called, the abstraction that allows users to pay. Non-native currency for the gas. And that's what we call the fear instruction and that's what it's called. Throughout other chains. in regards to

Artur Troian: The description. So, it's kind of probably three key thing to do and I don't think

Artur Troian: let me just scroll down to show you what I mean. I don't think it is gonna work the way that it's been described. So let me just on the high level try to Summarize why? So number one is

Artur Troian: I don't think the allowing provider to select the currency the provider wants to pay, so we receive Is a good way to do that.

Artur Troian: It works actually quite opposite. So, the tenant that wants to create deployment actually sets the currency it wants to pay it and I don't think there's a reason to do the swap for that and just frankly saying it's just gonna be over complicating, the process itself. Increasing the beat time deployment time and so forth. That's why we keep the settlement of the payment the way in the currency that is provided by loyment, those by tenant. And the second one is Yes. So actually using the non-native tokens for paying for work laws has already been done.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: It's just only right now. We support usdc through osmosis, but we plan to expand the amount of tokens if there is a demand for them. So, Then, the inq setting the

Artur Troian: Dynamically during the lease creation, the demand and exchange and exchange rates. I don't think that's gonna be any value for the tenant or for the provider. But it's just gonna increase first of all latency, as I mentioned earlier, as well as Let's say, put the both and

Artur Troian: Provider, independency of the exchange rate happens on the Let's say osmosis and so in order to eliminate that the Stable payments that we introduce in minus 6 were actually exactly for that reason. and the last one, but probably not least that the ICQ So I'm not sure it's actually ready to be used widely. First of all, is still a draft and it's not been food under Cosmosis, decay team. So I don't think you can rely on this implementation, even on the specification as final one.

Artur Troian: I would say from what I see in this description on the discussion, I don't think we can move forward with that. But I happy to answer any of your questions, if you

Bao Pham: Yeah, so the reason we came up with the Document, is that we read from a discussion of you guys. That use The cross currency payment.

Bao Pham: And so I want to ask if you guys have any plan to Work on that.

Artur Troian: What is cross currency payment?

Bao Pham: It's in. Can you screw up a bit?

Artur Troian: Which one? Okay.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I probably didn't have the one for 27, right?

Bao Pham: Yes, in the Phase 3 Bells and Whistle.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I mean so here's the thing right in regards to the Cross currency payments, Honestly saying I'm not sure there is a at least value for it as for right now, right?

Artur Troian: first of all,

Artur Troian: it's gonna be very too overcomplicated to implement it right now. It's gonna be very too many changes including all the things related to the provider as well as for the blockchain itself. That's Number two is what the value of that is. so, I would say it could be potentially Meaningful to have that.

Artur Troian: Swab for the Community Pool Because you do the take rate, the usdc gets landed in the community pool and maybe it's actually makes sense to do that of ATT through the processmosis or other listeners changes. But doing that per release basis, I don't think it actually makes sense and pretty much it takes down the gear of using stable payments for deployments himself. Doesn't answer your question.

Bao Pham: Yeah, thanks for the explanation.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Artur Troian: Yeah, sorry for the bad news. It's not that we trying to take it down as a whole is just to try to find what is going to be the best. And For all the participants of the chain. And once again, taking that down to the old details, imagine that having the swaps on every block, maybe or during this draw command and so forth. So it's gonna create a lot of pressure on the network. And as well, as once again, it's just eliminates the need For the stable payments, in terms of, I would highly suggest to rename that

Artur Troian: Discussion anyways, because it's not the fee abstraction. It doesn't actually discuss the fee as the thing, but It's pretty much like cross currency payments for the workloads. we still interested in the actual fee abstraction that allows Participants to pay for gas fees, Not only in the Akt, especially for use cases. When let's say user deploys, workload and wants to pay in usdc right now payments, the gas has to be stupid and make it, which is a little bit.

Artur Troian: I would say It doesn't create issues on the clients like Console or Cloud Mods, but it definitely creates issues for the CLI clients. And I think it's going to be the good way to have just using the single currency for both gas and the deployment. But once again, we have to have a separate discussion for that. And do a force assessment of it, but yeah, thank you so much for bringing it up.

Bao Pham: Yeah, thank you. I think it makes sense to me. So yeah.

Artur Troian: Yeah, just I would like to summarize that. So, the biggest takeaway of this conversation is so the cross currency Swope is There's still interest for that in terms of, for example, doing by back of the Akt for community funds. Right. But that's Sort of.

Artur Troian: Need really narrow use case. I would like maybe this discussion to be closed and then drop a new one dedicated for the community swap. And let's think about that. As well as the ICQ, if you could bring in the new discussion things, like, where they seen ICUs is being used. Haven't been tested. What chains are using that? what is gonna be behavior of the client? If I bec goes down or whatever? So, there are lots of engineering challenges with this approach, and we would like, to have to have answers to all those questions before moving on. But I would love to have this discussion related to the

Artur Troian: Chris currencies swaps, especially for the community pool.

Bao Pham: Yeah, for the ICQ questions, I think. We can do ICQ to osmosis because a person wasn't contract. For that IQ. And so we just need established a RBC channel to the contract. Then we Basically.

Artur Troian: Wait, why sort of interruption do we need to use?

Bao Pham: Then.

Artur Troian: A cosmos on the osmosis side for interchange queries.

Bao Pham: Hey, I just made a mistake. At the osmosis chain has a async ICQ module. Running on the chain already. So of yeah.

00:25:00

Artur Troian: I see, yeah, anyways, let's see. I would love to be the AC investigue As a part of Cosmos K. Team. So there is that means they're going to be dedicated maintainers for that. That's number one. Number two I mean I'm sure this question, not for you but actually for nothing the strange law who proposed that And the second question Is we still on IBC before and moving is the higher version of the IBC is going to be probably difficult for us in the next couple months. And my biggest worry on that is how

Artur Troian: V4 is being maintained for this particular interchange queries. So that's the couple major questions for me. If you could somehow late out and see what because from what I've seen of the IQ implementation, it's not been updated for quite a while, I think. So, my biggest worry is what's the plans for the future plans, for this? Pretty cool thing.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Artur. does that make sense upon about next steps? So I didn't mean to cut you off.

Bao Pham: And we do not know detail about the async IQ. Plan for supporting your V for ivcv4. So, I have to look at. The code to answer question.

Tyler Wright: No, I think that's all right. I think we're looking for an answer today. I think its The next action items. We can close the current discussion discussion. I think 309 was the advice from Artur and then open up a new discussion, where maybe you have some time to look at some of this information related to the ICQ IBC And then again, renaming it Cross currency swap as opposed to the abstraction.

Bao Pham: Yeah. that works. For me.

Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent.

Tyler Wright: About a few or your team methany questions, you can feel free to reach out to me on discord or feel free to throw a message and stick chain. and then when you have a new discussion up, we can just throw that in Sig chain as well and send to me, and I can make sure it gets circulated. We can continue this conversation.

Bao Pham: Yeah, sure if I have anything to add, then I'll message you on discord.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Again, that and the team. Thank you very much for that discussion. Artur, thank you for again, giving you some time, reading it over, and giving some feedback. Does anybody else here have anything they want to talk about or any discussion points related to the cost, blockchain network, upgrades or beyond?

Tyler Wright: again, look out for hopefully further discussion from Bao and his team over next week or so. And again there will be some issues that will be created for some of the network upgrades that Artur has outlined at the top of this call. And again there's plans to be a number of network upgrades over the next couple of months. So please continue to join this monthly meeting as well as stay involved in sick chain. I know that meant we're gonna get many of the validators involved when they can. But again there's a lot going on with the core product so please look out for a number of changes happening soon. That'll involve again community support But I much appreciate the core team for taking some time and members of the community for listening in and participating.

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any questions, comments, concerns again, feel free to reach out to me or drop a message in the SIG Chain discord channel. But I hope everybody has a great rest of the day and will continue working online.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Thanks again, everybody talk soon.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:30:35 ðŸ‘‹

