# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

## Agenda

- Discuss upcoming network upgrades.
- Discussion on Github Discussion 309
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, November 8th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://sshyyg4r3uoeixzudilhwdkncekgk3yw5m6mulso6foidluersuq.arweave.net/lI-MG5HdHERfNBoWew1NERRlbxbrPMouTvFcga6EjKk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Scott Carruthers
- Tony Stark
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Artur talked about the binary update today.
- Previously there were limitations on the Network.
- This fix is non consensus breaking, but it is configuration breaking. Binary update is planned for an hour or so.
- Deval asked if providers are going to be updated as well. Artur says providers can use the older version, but they cannot bid on workloads.
- Artur talked about the impending network upgrade. Artur talked about this issue.
- Mainnet 8 will introduce resource offer into the bid. The idea is that in the future, provider will be able to offer different configurations.
- Governance Proposal and block height will be coming soon.
- Artur talked about a draft of implementation for Packet forwarding. That is the upgrade after Mainnet 8. This will either happen in December 2023 or January 2024.
- CosmosSDK 0.50 has been released this week. Akash is on 0.45x. Core teams plans to wait for some time to see other changes moving. No plans to move over the next 6 months.
- Deval needs help with CRD, as they work on provider services code changes for Content moderation.
- Deval will update the project issue in Github with specific questions.
- Artur would like all code base questions or ideas to go in Github, where he and others can comment in 1 specific place. Feel free to tag Artur on github for comment. 


### Action Items

- Binary update happening today.
- Tyler and Artur going to plan for Mainnet 8 upgrade.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Hello perfect timing. I took welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly meeting. I believe this is number 10.

Tyler Wright: during the special interest groups for chain or blockchain. We talk about all things related to the Akash blockchain some Cosmos stuff as well as Network upgrades or anything like that. I know that there is a network upgrade potentially planned for the end of the month. The Firm dates will be clarified either today or sometime soon on chess. This will be not only a note upgrade but also provider upgrade and I know that prior to that there is also potential upgrade happening so lots of talk about I just wanted to make sure that the Patriot team is here because I know sometimes in the past some of the provider upgrade has affected their impressed. I just want to make sure that they have the ability to ask any questions in real time or just here in real time kind of what's going on and what the game.

Tyler Wright: Without further Ado. I know that again. We have a couple of issues. I think those issue number 136 which is around the network upgrade mainnet 8. As well as another issue number 140. I'll link both of those issues and in the chat. Last month Archer gave us an update and all things related to upgrade to mainnet seven. I know there was some things that are being worked out to round the validator submission. Those things have been fixed and we talked about those at the last meeting.

Tyler Wright: and then there was a team that put forth a discussion related to some Akash akt 2.0 work on that. They wanted to help Implement in the ask a couple of questions to Archer related to icq and some of the next steps there. So what the discussion that happened at the previous Big Chain meeting but again the topic of discussion for this month rather. Is around issue number 136 and then I believe that there's another issue number one forward. To Archer. I'll hand it over to you to get us going with. the topics of discussion

Artur Troian: a guitar Yeah, so first and foremost, we are having the binary update today. This is rather. Urgent but not security issue. So historically we have had limitations on how many compute resources can be requested by deployment. And we put some logic into the transaction validation. Just making sure that people do not abuse it at the early stage of the network. And so we really debut if you want to go. the demand for high performance applications deployment. Sorry has been increasing and years and they had requests that somebody wanted to deploy.

Artur Troian: Service with the four replicas each requesting 256 CPUs. So right now the limit is maximum 512 CPUs per deployment which obviously example of such request me go through. So we have made a new release called 26.2. Which is non-consensus breaking but this is configuration breaking. So what pretty much happens is We need to thirds of war in power to apply the new binary that will allow configurations with. Higher limits to be passed through and including blocks. The sensitively we're gonna have a binary update in an hour or so.

Artur Troian: We had somebody dieders to apply update actually right now, which is not the good thing so they had a crash issues. So we asked them to roll it back and wait until we do it in the more or less centralized manner. And this is it for that case any questions?

Artur Troian: Okay, moving on to the other things. Let me share screen. Okay?

Deval Patel: So sorry to conditions. So after the binary update we are planning to update the providers binary as well, right?

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, so providers

Deval Patel: and just go ahead.

Artur Troian: Yes, so the idea is the max that the first of all we want to update validators and RPC nodes to make sure they have upper hirings for the configuration requests for the resource requests. Providers can be still using the old version. They just won't be able to be on the deployments with a higher resource request So as soon as we confident that majority of the radiators are updated and the network is stable. We will be communicating to Providers to start picking up the 4.7 version of the provider.

Deval Patel: Okay. I'm just askingâ€¦

Artur Troian: All right.

Deval Patel: because we plan to provide one click update for the version 4.7. Right and I just want to know that there is nothing change in terms of other than the command space that are the helmetric space the same right?

Artur Troian: Yeah. yeah, there's no changes to an apis.

Deval Patel: configuration Okay.

Artur Troian: So when those breaking changes are in place we have them in there is not so this one is much change, so it doesn't break anything from Progressive.

Artur Troian: moving on to the upcoming network of great, which is right now scheduled on November 20. so that one is once again Improvement requests from Washington clients and some analytics when provider does bid on Wild Card attributes

Artur Troian: Especially for the gpus. It's not actually clear not for tenant or a safe almost. What kind of GPU provider offers for this record? So the minute 8 wheel introduce the attributes, which is pretty much.

Artur Troian: Upgrades will introduce resource units into the beat actually resource offer. But right now we will be only attributes from the parts and idea of this entire offer is that in the future provider will be able to offer different configuration for political deployment. Let's say deployment asks for 128 CPUs but provider has only a hundred so provider should be super able to beat this offer less money. Probably, right?

Artur Troian: And this upgrade is obviously the breaking change because it breaks the state so we gonna have to do migration which is done in the past as well as provider really change, too. Later this week. We will be having all of the instructions on how great it will be performed as well as the government proposal on the block height.

Artur Troian: All right any questions with that?

Artur Troian: And let me just check if you move 148. I think this is for it

Artur Troian: Yes, so 140 is the internet. I just discussed that we gonna solve all tonight. release for

Artur Troian: accustomed to release is out this 2.6. Sorry 0.2.

Artur Troian: 26 0.26.2 and looks like all but that's our passing so we should be good to In case of anything goes wrong because that's not a medical grade. We can always go back to 26.1 just in case. And so that's it for current plans. There is a one upgrade that is being.

Artur Troian: In work pretty much related to the packet forwarding so we have draft of implementation we need to do thorough testing of that. and right now I know maybe sometime in December if we Got time incorrect. If not. Then bucket forwarding will be available sometime after New Year. The other news for the blockchain and core customer SDK. 0.50 has been released this week. these are still on 40 five acts and honestly saying that the transition from 45 to 50 Is a realistic curve?

00:10:00

Artur Troian: So what we're going to do is we are going to probably wait for quite a Time. seeing other chains my writing I believe they're gonna be quite a few watch fixes to the 0.50 in accord month so we would rather wait and see how it goes. Another challenge with this upgrade. Is this cosmosis Escape 0.50 is the entire code base is split into dozens of modules, which is introducing huge amount of complexity from the maintenance perspective. So we've got a hug this thing about the ways to do that properly. So let's say

Artur Troian: at this stage if the request comes up, there won't be upgrade to point 50 in the next I would say maybe six months. or so so hopefully sometime after New Year, we're gonna have better quality on that. but From this time. I don't think we can. There's a reason to actually do that. And I think there will be for me and questions.

Tyler Wright: Thank you so we talked about it again the binary update that's going to be happening and a little under an hour. Again. We will send out messaging to the validators when it's time for them to upgrade until that time. They should just be doing nothing and just sitting tight and then again beyond that we talked about the main that eight upgrade which is planned right now for November 20th. But again, there will be a governance proposal that'll go out prior to that with the exact blackheight and we'll make sure to update everybody across a number of different channels there and we'll stay closely linked with pray Tour on the provider side again, no only binary changes updates are happening today. So nothing else should be affected on the provider side.

Tyler Wright: And then beyond that Artur talked a little bit about after the main data May net eight upgrade around packet forwarding that is going to be tested and some time in the near future. So we've been plenty going on. We've also talked about Cosmos SDK and our plans for console SDK in the near future.

Deval Patel: for half an hour and then go through the things and guide me how to do the things in the provided service and the pull request so

Artur Troian: What changes are you planning to? are you talking about?

Deval Patel: We are planning to introduce a new CID for Content moderation where they should be able to add our greatest for blocking host name as well as the images and the wallet address.

Artur Troian: I see.

Deval Patel: So basically I'm trying to get that from presentation of getting things something like configuration. I'm trying to get those things from the CID, So once if anybody else that's CID and they put the values in there I should be able to access that right and based on that. I'll make decisions in that whether I should be able to meet So I figured out the part where we are not paid right? But I'm looking for help where I can put the cids and forward new CID please right that coding new CID is okay, right but adding proper Channel where I can get it data from right? that's challenging part. I'm trying to figure out right.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: can you first maybe have is there an issue for that it helps or

Deval Patel: That issue for that but not particularly the CID portion. it's in general form of.

Artur Troian: I see.

Artur Troian: so Yeah, unfortunately timing is a little bit weird frankly saying I don't think I will be able to do frankly saying next two weeks.

Deval Patel: moderation API

Deval Patel: Okay.

Deval Patel: Okay.

Artur Troian: Because we have also things going on this week and I will be meeting with team next week. So it's gonna be really tight my suggestion is write an issue

Deval Patel: No.

Deval Patel: Doors all so what I'll do that, I'll try to figure it out by going through all those things right if I need help then I'll message you right if you are able to help while Discord and that's fine, that's all.

Artur Troian: I would say the best would be to maybe highlights implementation what you're trying to do? So that just in caseâ€¦

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Artur Troian: if I can support anything on the early stage so you don't do some things and then apparently all then need to write it completely from scratch. So if youâ€¦

Deval Patel: Yeah, sure.

Artur Troian: if you outline the least of the things put them in GitHub destruction, I will be able to reply within a few hours after the you post it. make sure to tag me so I can see the rest.

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Deval Patel: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Our turn let's do have any pushback on this. I was going to suggest there's already a Content moderation item in that project board the engineering and product roadmap project board that Deval and jigar have access to maybe they could just put the comments in that and then tag you there and then we could talk about at least of the high level during the engineering sinks. If you're able to attend prior to I know you're out of office next couple weeks with some work things.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah that whatever is suitable. I just make sure that using GitHub.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Yeah, so Deval, if you could put it inside that content moderation issue that you're already working on and in the comments, then we can handle it again Arctic respond very quickly in the comments via GitHub.

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. Thank you. Does anybody else have any other chain or network upgrade related discussion or topics?

Tyler Wright: Cool again, I know about 40 minutes away from the binary updates and then continuing to test and get ready for the next mainnet. Aid upgrade amongst the number of other things. thank you to Archer Scott and others for all the work that you all have been doing on the core team side. And again, thank you to our members of the community. Obviously. Thank you to pray to her for all the work that you do in supporting upgrade on the preacher side for many of the providers. So feel free to join more of these conversations where you can talk with the core team about anything Network up the greatest special as we get ready for mainnet 8 upgrade after today's events and then beyond that pack affording go ahead Arch.

Artur Troian: So yeah, just sort of probably my suggestion so whenever you have Think that you guys want to improve our physics. This is going to be the I need help from engineering the best way just make sure to put the discussion in the GitHub. Not the Discord. So this court is mainly to General discussions andâ€¦

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Artur Troian: thoughts But if that relates to whatever happens to the core product. I mean blockchain as well as a provider is going to be the quickest way so I can take a look and apply there.

Artur Troian: And as soon as we see that discussion in the GitHub either Scott or me, or maybe Autumn even can just jump in and reply if you don't reply don't hesitate to just tag us or then if you don't reply just being in this score that's why the conversation isn't going

00:20:00

Deval Patel: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Alright, I think that wraps up the agenda for today again. If anybody has any questions, feel free to drop those in GitHub specifically around this special interest group because it's very technical if anybody needs me for anything. Feel free to reach out to me via Discord or get GitHub. But again, appreciate your all time today. Look out for some changes happening on the binary today. Again Patriot team will keep you up to date after hopefully the successful upgrade or updates over the next hour and when the providers should be upgrading and then we'll follow up with some more information to the main updates coming soon. upgrade comes in

Tyler Wright: All right, everyone. Have a great rest of the day. Again. If anyone needs anything today, please feel free to reach out to myself Artur others, but we'll be getting ready for this binary update happening in the next 40 minutes or so. Appreciate everybody. We'll talk soon. Bye.

Artur Troian: restaurant

Jigar Patel: Right. Thanks guys.

Meeting ended after 00:21:20 ðŸ‘‹

