# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

## Agenda

- Discuss upcoming network upgrades.
- Discussion on Github Discussion 309
- Open discussion of chain related issues.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, December 5th, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ak4u4umlhafhkfu5jjckivcgokrrwkzzitwtwpoy5axl6soc5paq.arweave.net/ArlOUYs4CnUWnUpEpFRGcqMbKzlE7Ts92Oguv0nC68E)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Damir Simpovic
- George Pro
- Julius Haus
- Mariela Tanchez
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Last sig-chain meeting for this year. Artur gave a recap of the year.
- All of the upgrades were successful. Only 1 small hiccup that was not upgraded related but consensus related for an emergency upgrade
- Right now the downtime during the upgrade is less than two minutes. Huge "Thank you" to everyone.
- There are quite a few network upgrades planned for next year. 3 upgrades planned for the first quarter. Please look in the support repo for more details.
- Small upgrades work better with all the features in the Akash Roadmap.
- First upgrade in the works right now is related to governance proposal periods. Right now you have wait 7 days. Artur is looking into expedited proposals. This has been implemented by Osmosis. Any type of proposal can be expedited, if 67 percent of voting power is made available if first 24 hours.
- There will be an upgrade that will include messaging for errors in lease.
- Packet forwarding is on the roadmap. This needs quite extensive testing. This will most likely be upgrade 3 for Q1 2024. All times are subject to change.

## Testing

- Scott and Artur are sweeping and auditing all end to end testing for network upgrades. All of the test sdls will be refactored.
- Anyone will be able to test.
- SDL will be moved away from node repo, and into AkashAPI.
- Testing have been steadily improving over the last year. This will continued to be improved.
- Test procedures will be in a separate repo. Will most likely use Docker compose. More to come here.

## Questions

- ZJ asked about Liquid staking. Is this on the Roadmap?
- Artur mentioned that this is part of the roadmap. More accurate timeline for implementation will be determined in the future.
- Tyler urged anyone interested in Liquid Staking to start a discussion that highlights the demand this could bring to Akash Network, so priorities can be adjusted if needed.



### Action Items

- Core team to move SDL out of Akash node repo.
- Auditing and improvements to end to end testing will continue. Work will be shared with community when ready.
  

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly meeting number 11 during these special interest group meetings for the blockchain. We discussed everything from Network upgrades to everything around Cosmos SDK and just again everything related to a cash blockchain. Please let me know if you have any questions and you can drop those in chat and we can cover those after we go through the Out of the last meeting. We were getting ready for binary upgrades that went into maintenance eight.

Tyler Wright: Since then we've had a successful upgrade to mainnet H. There was an issue that was found and made that eight that was verified fixed tested again, and then we were able to go to me next nine. I believe last Tuesday. So again, thank you all to all the validators and folks that were able to upgrade. There was a provider upgrade. It's a part of the main Aid upgrade but not the part of the main nine upgrade. But again, thank you to all the participated in those last year upgrades that have happened back to back over the last month or so or really within the last month.

Tyler Wright: Other than that Artur is there anything specific that she wanted to talk about again? I know that Scott's has been working on end testing and you can see this in the GitHub projects. I'll throw that in the chat. So people couldn't look at that as well. But I know there's been also some preliminary discussion around automation for some of the upgrade procedures because I know that again as Archer mentioned we are number of meetings ago. The idea is to have more consistent upgrades because a big upgrade to have five or six features in them are just really hard to test and creates a very mulchuous upgrade process. For Artur, is there anything specific that you want to cover or anything that anybody else on this call wants to cover during this agenda today?

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone. See you all month. I'm joking. so

Artur Troian: yeah related The Pain part, I think there's gonna be the last sick change for this year. So I'm probably would like to give some wrap on things that we have. done during this year. So we had quite actually numerous moment of networking braids. as the upgrades itself, they all were successful. We had only one hiccup. It wasn't actually upgraded. It was not even binary place. which I wanna cover letter today as well, but in terms of great itself, I think we have established quite a high ground on the quality of rates and

Artur Troian: Is pretty much every time we do that we tried to keep it as small as possible as well as a script as possible. So right now the downtime during the upgrade is less than humans. and I'd like to just thank you everyone for being staying results every time and helping us to keep Network alive. moving on so we have scheduled quite a few upgrades next year. And we about that. You're going to cover it in the support trip or quite so on. Hopefully sometime next week that we will describe what might upgrades we are planning to do. It's not all some of them show up.

Artur Troian: sometimes but quite quickly, but at least for the first quarter, they're gonna be three that's what we Play at this stage, but once again, it can be few more. idea is that we want to keep this Cadence of providing small upgrades as well as

Artur Troian: still providing necessary and required by Community features. So the very first one. We Having in works right now. Related to the governance. So right now what happens is let's say we need to do Network upgrade and for whatever reason if something has been missed and it needs to be fixed quite quickly. There is no. Best way other than create yet another Network upgrade proposal and just wait for seven days. I think sometimes cost of that is a very too high. Of what we will do is we'll introduce what's called expedited updates So actually expedited governance proposals we found this feature.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: has been actually implemented in integrated biosmosis and it's been now reported to Cosmos SDK for seven hire so what we will do is we will backward you actually give you a portion to our Fork of customers decay. that thing will allow us to have Any type of proposal to be expedited? And if you think 24 hours we gain for now we think is going to be 67% of what in power. More yes them great will be pretty much or any type of proposal parameters change will be executed the same 24 hours. I think this is going to be really

Artur Troian: cool high quality improvement for entire network so we will be thinking about what deposit amounts Necessary for the expedite but proposals is probably gonna be quite higher than for normal proposal. But once again, we will put all this information in the GitHub. support people and you all will be welcome to put your thoughts so that's probably the biggest one another thing. We are having on our Map right now is improvements to the marketplace.

Artur Troian: So right now when the lease is being closed by provider, there is no actually clear reason why it can be and there can be a few things like our own escrow count lease is not responsive and so on so forth, so we will be doing that Improvement to include photos. Of the closure into the lease. It's gonna improve visibility for everyone including the money actually talents. and then The pocket forwarding is on our roadmap. We were with salt you're gonna issue this year. However, we still trying to the thing is quite extensive testing. We are in the middle of the process of revising our test procedures which you want to talk today as well.

Artur Troian: So the pocket forward you'll most probably will be a great number three sometime by the end of q1. But yeah, all those Target dates are subjects to change if anything goes, really gets quicker or things slow down those first now to the testing so historically we had our test files test scenarios, they slightly scattered around the multiple repositors. And we came at the point and it becomes really hard to keep an eye on them and things can be missed. So what Scott and I are doing right now we are. pretty much sweeping entire

Artur Troian: set of repositors related to the blockchain and the provider. Collecting all of the hdls all the test scenarios and Scott created tremendous documentation struggling what kind of test and education we have in the stage. the target is to include to do test coverage on blockchain and end newly to 100% so we will be Combining all of the other factor in all of the test sdls and moving them into a cash repo they're going to be dedicated directory for that main goal of this move is first of all. Anyone who uses a suppress API can use this sdl as a test making sure that everything works fine.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: The second thing is the sdl parser and specification itself will be part of Akash API. that let's say any client like a card jazz or whatever language is being decided to be used for a car. Can easily take those sdls and validate against them? So we're gonna think about this triangle for that. Yes, I mentioned the HDL will be moved away from not repo and it's gonna be part of a cash API. It technically does the specification. We will be working on the maybe hdrb3. But what's not there It's probably quite conversation. regarding the test framework so I think you've done quite a good job on.

Artur Troian: testing environment for Network grades The View be gonna keep using this approach with some improvements first of all you're gonna have All of those things to spin up test networks based on the mainnet snapshots.

Artur Troian: all those test procedures probably located in several triple. So anyone if needed that into one, that's not just try some things. It's gonna be quite easy to do most probably is going to be done through Docker compose simply because it's really easy to manage and I think all of the test Nets ingredients and sandbox will be done using that framework, but anyway more things to come on that part as well. and I think that covers any questions

Tyler Wright: Thank you her. I know they'll be continued a conversation and discussion whether it be in other cigs and steering committee or again in GitHub discussions around specific topics. So if anybody wants to get involved or wants to learn more about the testing process, please just reach out to me and we can get you involved.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any other? Things related to the cost blockchain that they want to discuss right now or a network upgrades specific.

Tyler Wright: If not, then has anybody been a validator on any other Cosmos chain and has seen anything interesting or out of the normal recently that they want to bring up here with this group?

Tyler Wright: Archer do you have an answer there?

Artur Troian: So that is I believe interchange accounts that needs to have Network upgrade. I believe of somebody from block pain was working on that but I honestly don't know what the stage there are. So anyways, yeah, the internship accounts. We have them on the roadmap. we'll see how important it is and how Thing is gonna be after New Year. So you're gonna try to do it next year. I just don't have the ETI on that subject, unfortunately. let's get back to it once a chain of the new year.

Tyler Wright: To Julius. Is there anything specific that you thought from a demand perspective that it should be higher or priority or Mariela again? If you do think again, one of the things that their customers always focus on is driving demand. So when decisions are being made about the importance of priority of future editions Network upgrades Etc. Obviously operations is important, but being able to drive demand is something that is always a factor in how things are prioritize. So if you think that there's something to increasing Demand on the network, it would be great to have a discussion or again. we could talk about it in more detail than this next sick change meeting or really at the Sig economics meeting happening tomorrow.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any questions about anything testing related sandbox or just like hash blockchain?

Tyler Wright: if not as an Archer mentioned this it will be the last sick chain monthly meeting for the year much appreciate the participation month over month for these meetings. Again, we've talked about a number of network upgrades have consistently improved testing from upgrade to upgrade gotten more validators involved. And again continue to have our polls on what's going on with confidence SDK and what's going on in just the cosmos ecosystem so much. Appreciate everyone. It's participating. bearing thoughts concerns questions and Beyond

Tyler Wright: if there's nothing else then again steering committee will be happening Thursday. A big support will be happening tomorrow. I know that there's some new discussions that have gone up around feature requests, there's some support issues in the support repo again, if anybody has any questions about past Network upgrades or if anybody wants to track future network upgrades, please look in the support repo. That's where all the network upgrade information lives of as well as all Open tickets related to the core product. And we'll have a six support meeting there tomorrow. We'll talk about anything relate to Open tickets and triage any issues that haven't been Trio soon.

Tyler Wright: that's all for today. Thank you very much for participation reach out to me if you need anything, and we'll continue to power through the rest of the year and we'll see you all 2024.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. right

Artur Troian: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Meeting ended after 00:17:11 ðŸ‘‹

