# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda

- Discussion of network upgrade plans for q1 2024
- Proposals on chain for vote.
- Open discussion 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, January 09, 2024
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://p2eg6ctrzmvcgqmibhpnvtje32gi3rt3nzdyjocfohwt6kiddsma.arweave.net/fohvCnHLKiNBiAne2s0k3oyNxntuR4S4RXHtPykDHJg)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Artur Troian
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Ross


## Notes

- First sig-chain of 2024. Happy new year.
- There are some [proposals on chain](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals) for vote. Please vote if you can. 
- First network upgrade will be for changing governance proposal structure. Osmosis already has a version of this implemented. No Testnet is needed for this. This will be tested by the core team, and a network upgrade will happen.
- Proposal 2 will be related to Akash marketplace. Right now it is hard to know why a lease has been closed.
- Network Upgrade 3 will be around packet forwarding. Code base is done. Feature just needs to be tested extensively. 

### Action Items

- Create written plan for Q1 2024 Akash Network Upgrades to be shared with community.
  

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the special interest group for their cost blockchain. This is the first meeting of 2024. Happy New Year therapy buddy during the Sig chain monthly meeting the group goes over everything from the cost blockchain Cosmos SDK Network upgrades out of the last meeting. There was some major discussion around what was happening q1 and 2024 which again we're starting right now. I know that Artur will talk a little bit about some plans for the quarter as of right now. Again, we talked about this last month. There's three plans Network upgrades and then art again Archer will talk about those at a high level here shortly.

Tyler Wright: Also want to call out that there are some proposals that are up on chain, for folks that are validators and this is a meeting where we encourage validators to join if they have any questions comments concerns about the upgrade process or anything else. Again want to remind folks as validators that it's a particular responsibility to vote. There are a couple of live proposals on chain for boat right now and then a number of items that have recently passed since our last meeting including a couple of signaling proposals and a couple of parameter changes proposals. So again, appreciate all those who have voted and if you haven't voted Please vote I try to do.

Tyler Wright: It's gonna job as possible of sharing active votes in Discord. And then again, I also have a mailing list for validators if anybody that's listening to his call later wants to be added to that validator mailing list. So they get email correspondence keeping them up to date on all boats Network upgrades Etc. Please feel free to reach out to me privately and Discord. I'll make sure you can add to that list. Cool, both out further Ado. I'll hand it over to Artur to just talk a little bit of high level about to take chain and what we got looked for in the quarter and the year.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Hello, everyone. Happy New Year, and welcome to 2024. All right. So the beginning of the year will be quite busy or Akash network from destructive of chain changes. We haven't had chance yet to put public list of what's Coming we will definitely Over the next chain. I'll try to give verbal overview. And have to answer any questions. so the key one we have when the least I think three Network grades.

Artur Troian: Number one will be the change of governance module that will allow us to have different working periods for different proposal types. As well as expedited proposals. So we especially excited about expedited proposals reason sometimes Network upgrades may be little bit finicky. Sometimes there are things maybe missed or some box revealed that needs to be fixed quite quickly. So there are two ways to do that number one is we could do something like upgraded certain height.

Artur Troian: And you tried it last time it didn't work. validators are not quite responsible sometimes and just making maybe unnecessary steps and then waiting for the consultances was right there and took us what an hours. So instead of doing this way, all of the future changes to the blockchain state will be done only through the network upgrades and emergency upgrades you get down through the expedited upgrade proposals. The idea is so it's not new idea. We decide on a process. So we pretty much to get an extended to our needs. And pretty much when the network upgrade is being grateful and chained. They're gonna be an option to Market as So validators gonna vote and if you think 24 hours we get 67%

Artur Troian: of voting power the great passes and it's gonna be executed right after the break boss. so that's the number one. We have a code-based on and we're gonna start testing it next week. So you will not make any testnets you'll just test these internally and as soon as the testing concluded concludes, we will issue a great proposal number two will be related to Marketplace. So right now it's kind of hard for tenants to see.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Why lease is being closed? There are many reasons why it can be closed can be overdrawn. It can be responsive. So provider just kills it because house check no passion and so forth. we want to extend the marketplace especially these part that will indicate why it's been closed so they're gonna be clear reason. So whenever provider closely is or this is being caused by the network. Let's say it's overdrawed. The least status will indicate Reason why it has happened. That's number two. and number three is a pocket forwarding. I know we've been talking about that a lot last year.

Artur Troian: it's really good to have and it wasn't high priority. So we've been pushing back, but we still want to try to squeeze it into the q1 so As soon as we performed first Network operates, we're gonna start testing pocket forwarding. Once again, we have gone by is done. You just needs testing. So the biggest outcome of this feature is That coins. As well as some nice things like liquid staking is from stride and so forth. So that probably summarizes it for the q1. And the chain changes the cosmos SDK version will be remaining on 45.16 for the key one.

Artur Troian: And later this year. with you upgrade to more recent one, but we don't have The path when and what version it will be so you will reveal all the details about that. Later this year. I think that summarizes any questions

Artur Troian: Thank you so much salary, but

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again, certainly by next sick chain meeting. There will be more information. I'll be shared with validators and other members of the community related to these Network upgrades some more written information and then again a path forward and some timing will be made available for all those that are participating in this network upgrades. If anybody has any questions or comments between meetings, feel free to let any of us know on the core team. I know one thing that Artur and

Tyler Wright: Scott did a great job of trying to optimize was the ease of process for validators that are upgrading during this network upgrade process. So again, it's been going quite smoothly and quite quickly for the last few Network upgrades outside of the one that had to be done more manually. So again, please continue to look at the documentation when it's made available and follow those steps explicitly for a smooth and clean upgrade. I know that again Scott and Artur always working on the tooling to make sure that validators have an easy go of it when it's time to make sure to look out for that documentation.

Tyler Wright: as we move forward, they'll be continued conversations around specific items related to network upgrades. And I know that some validators have some more questions or just want to connect around specific types and items in the roadmap. So we'll continue to have these on a monthly basis for folks to again ask questions of the core team connect on all things that we're upgrade blockchain. Council Sasuke and Beyond but again much appreciate our trip relating this one. We know it's going to be fairly Short Happy New Year again to everybody and again, what can we'll talk in the validators channel the sick chain Discord Channel between meetings and I make the recording available soon, but look out for updates in terms of network upgrades, which should be available very shortly.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate everyone's time. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Happy Tuesday, everybody.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you. Happy New Year guys.

Tyler Wright: Yes, Happy New Year. Bye.

Zach Ross: A new year. Cheers guys

Rodrigo Rochin: cheers

Scott Carruthers: Guys are good.

Meeting ended after 00:10:32 ðŸ‘‹

