# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda

- Discussion of network upgrade plans for q1 2024
- Proposals on chain for vote.
- Open discussion 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, Feburary 13th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://swcn57cpu3ttvpgaf7e52xsv5wil57wtyredtvnd6bprntawwl3a.arweave.net/lYTe_E-m5zq8wC_J3V5V7ZC-_tPESDnVo_BfFswWsvY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Alani Kuye
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Tyler mentioned that the core team is working on a number of items.
- Artur reitterated that there are 3 upgrades planned for the quarter. The work for network upgrade has been deplayed.
- Artur has implemented changes for expedited proposals.
- Artur mentioned that CosmosSDK 50.0 is very useable. Going to plan to get there quite soon, and want to upgrade potentially end of q2.
- These are quite drastic changes so this will be added to the roadmap some time soon.
- After expedited govenernance proposals, closing status of the lease, is the next planned upgrade. Network upgrade will allow users to see why lease was closed.
- ICA is also on the table. Packet forwarding is more important. This is the 3rd governance proposal.

### Action Items

- Schedule upcoming network upgrades.
- Keep community updated via discord.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly meeting number 13. This is the second monthly meeting of 2024 during the sink chain monthly meetings. The group goes over anything related to validating the Akash blockchain Network upgrades anything around those topics. We also talked to some validators that are another ecosystems and Cosmos SDK and Cosmos ecosystem and are maybe again up doing upgrades on other projects and it might have Intel that might relate to potential Akash upgrades again out of the last meeting. We talked about a number of upgrades that are playing for q1 of 2024.

Tyler Wright: I know that the core team has been extremely busy doing some other work that you can track on the roadmap. And so there's been a little bit of delay in figuring out the next Network upgrades. I know that Archer is going to talk maybe a little bit at a high level as that's a potato what's next and then we'll continue to work on specific plans async. But yeah, I'll just hand it over to Archer if he has anything, but he wants to talk about specifically and I'll just take notes in the background and then if anybody has any discussion questions or anything that they wanted to discuss related to Blockchain Network upgrades Etc. Feel free to drop those in the chat and we can go for those in a little bit. But our Trail handed over to you.

Artur Troian: Thanks not. All right. Hello, everyone.

Artur Troian: Yes, so the chain updates are slightly behind our initial schedule that we have plans later. at the end of times 23 so we have trained Network upgrades plans for this quarter and this stage a little behind you Quite important features needs to be done for Provider Services. but I would say nearly the finished State for the Provider Services and you're gonna start working on the upcoming network of great related for the

Artur Troian: expedited governance proposals quite soon. So we have actually implemented the changes itself. What we have to do is testing and hopefully it's going to take maybe for two weeks. And then If nothing interrupts this schedule maybe in end of February, but Market we' I'm grading our Network the biggest thing on the table though is decay. be gonna start thinking maybe and of Q2, it looks like Christmas Decay 50.0 is

Artur Troian: usable right now quite a few changes have been updated. We're going to start planning in this phrase.

Artur Troian: quite soon We don't know though, if it's gonna be one stage update or we're gonna have to do through interim stages. I'm not sure yet. Most likely we will have two due to quite drastic changes. in the schema, and I believe they require to have interim updates, but anyways, we gonna have roadmap is that

Artur Troian: On time and of February, I think. so we have also planned two more updates after Governor expedited government proposal. So number two. Sorry will be related to deploy please status.

Artur Troian: No, Closer status in the lease and that's been requested by quite a few.

Artur Troian: Are users that when lease has been closed for whatever reason like out of funds or it's been unstable or stars and so forth parent design does not allow to put exact reason why it was closed and we gonna be providing Network upgrade to fix that. It's going to be simple change. I didn't one more Fields into the lease and provide there will be required to put the correct status and why this was closed. As well as when this is being closed by the user. It's still gonna be the reason cell caught by user. So it's going to be providing way more transparency for most more sites.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: and then there is an ICA on the table, but we still like the process of thinking this is low priority for us right now. Most likely that first one will be f*** it forwarding which is again, we have sort of code base implemented, but it needs to be tested quite thoroughly. So I think this is sort of the update for this time. Are there any questions?

Artur Troian: Okay, tell her about

Tyler Wright: Purpose. Thank you very much Archer. again, people can track the roadmap and see what the core team is working across the number of different efforts on GitHub in the project section as Artur mentioned as soon as Artur and Scott are finished with some other provider work that they're working on next steps will be made in determining when Network upgrade will happen for the exponent expedited governance proposals. Then after that you heard Artur on the next two upgrades that are planned or in the works if anybody has any feedback about order of operations or schedule again, I know folks have been talking about ICA and GitHub discussions and it is very much on the roadmap. There's a support ticket that people can track but again,

Tyler Wright: there is been collaboration discussion on order of operations, especially with a smaller core team. If anybody has any questions about those order of operations, feel free to bring those up in this meeting with discuss or in steering committee. But again the path forward the Archer is outlined seem to make sense for continuing to question that work forward. Does anyone have any specific questions about anything else?

Tyler Wright: pain related Network upgrades or validators

Tyler Wright: cool So again, this is plan to be a short meeting anybody else. go ahead Rodrigo. o your sound is

Rodrigo Rochin: quick question when use these global Enable or Clans yet?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so I think the question was when usc Noble enabled. I believe the Archer put a comment in the chat. I know this is something that folks have been asking for but I believe this is Packet forward dependent which is why pack it forwarding is being moved up. Correct me from around art.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's absolutely correct. So first of all pocket forwarding needs to be enabled for that that's number one requires network of great. The second is Once again, there's no much use of it. So we're trying to balance the features that being requested and what we can provide right now. So we definitely keep an eye on the things and thank you for bringing that up. As soon as we see that this becomes really Origins, but really it stops huge amount of people from deploying that we're gonna reshuffle. Our priorities but for now, it's gonna be one of the lowest but we still hope to implement it sometime obviously.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think an Artur and other members of the community have also talked about this packet forwarding should unlock a number of items both on the wild side and some of these other items. So once pack it forwarding is unlocked and that's something that's playing for q1 might be pushed out a little bit to Q2, but it certainly high priority in the next top three urgent Network upgrades. Once that's implemented then I'm sure we can take next steps whether it's in this call Sig economics or async to figure out all that packet forwarding unlocks and how we can continue to network forward from there.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have anything that they want to discuss here today?

Tyler Wright: All right, much appreciate everyone taking the time again when more concrete announcements are available. I'll make sure those announcements are distributed in the validator announcements Channel as well as to those that are part of that email group for validators so we can again continue to have constantly communication. Hopefully again, I do want to shout the validators for many of them are very active and votes and have been more active than historically. So again, we're going to continue to up that number but much. Shape the consistent participation by so many.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: But other than that, I hope everyone has a great rest of your day. If anybody has any other questions comments concerns Network upgrade or cost blockchain related. Feel free to drop those in sick chain and Discord or reach out to me and look at those all but Archer thank you for leading us through another call and we'll continue to again keep the community updated between meetings if we have any updates to get. Much patient every time that have a great rest of the day.

Meeting ended after 00:11:27 ðŸ‘‹

