# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #14

## Agenda

- Overview of recent and current governance proposals
- Discussion of recent proposal on minimum deposits
- Update on mainnet network upgrade proposal
- Scheduling of planned network upgrade 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, March 12th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bwp7ef3o435ht3azllxhma3vbj4u4x4zgtlx3tfc44gjnjkanyqa.arweave.net/DZ_yF27m-nnsGVrudgN1CnlOX5k0133MoucMlqVAbiA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Artur Troian
- Joao Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
### Introduction and Updates
#### Tyler Wright
- Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the Sig Chain monthly meeting #14.
- The meeting focuses on the Akash blockchain, Cosmos SDK, governance proposals, and network upgrades.
- Validators and community members are encouraged to join and participate.
- Tyler acknowledged the efforts of validators in voting on proposals.
- Currently, there are three active proposals onchain.
- A recently passed proposal concerns decreasing minimum deposits for deployments and transactions on the tenant and provider sides.
- This change has been tested and is functioning correctly.
##### Active Proposals:
  - Highlighted the community and spheron team's contributions to recent discussions leading to parameter changes.
  - Specifically mentioned an important active proposal regarding the main upgrade to version 0.332.0.
    - Voting for this proposal is ending soon, within the next few hours.
    - If passed, a network upgrade is scheduled for tomorrow at 12:37 Eastern Time (UTC conversion to be provided).
- **Network Upgrade Discussion**
  - **Tyler Wright**
    - Core engineering team led by Artur Troian.
    - Messaging about the upgrade will be shared on various channels.
    - Documentation updated and available on the docs site.
    - Information will be disseminated through Discord and other platforms.
  - **Artur Troian**
    - Upgrade expected to be quick and easy, minimal downtime.
    - Reminder about the US daylight savings time shift; upgrade at 1pm EST.
    - First network upgrade of the year, a minor but important change.
    - Anticipation for more upgrades later in the year.
    - Plan to present and discuss future proposals and enhancements.
    - Encouragement for feedback on blockchain improvements.
- **Network Upgrade Discussion (Continued)**
  - **Rodrigo Rochin**
    - Asked about the lowering of provider AP requirements.
    - Queried if it is now cheaper to deploy and have providers.
  - **Tyler Wright**
    - Confirmed the parameter change from 5 AKT to 0.5 AKT for both provider and deployer sides.
    - Proposal 248 outlines the changes.
    - Clarified that the parameter change has been tested but defaults to 5 AKT and needs manual adjustment.
  - **Scott Carruthers**
    - In the process of testing the provider side for the bid minimum deposit.
    - Deployment creation using 0.5 AKT is working perfectly.
    - Mentioned the need to use a deposit switch when creating deployments via Akash CLI, which defaults to 5 AKT.
    - Cloudmos team can set the default to 0.5 AKT on their platform.
    - Announcements will be made once provider side testing is complete.
- **Core Engineering Team and Contributions**
  - **Tyler Wright**
    - The core engineering team is growing with significant community contributions.
    - Focus on managing more engineering tasks related to the core product.
    - Network upgrades and Sig Chain projects to be included in the product and engineering roadmap.
    - Items will be tagged in the backlog section for easy access.
    - Aim for transparency and communication through roadmap discussions.
- **Network Upgrade Clarifications**
  - **Scott Carruthers**
    - Clarified the adjustment lowering provider attribute update prices as part of the network upgrade scheduled for tomorrow.
    - Lowering of minimum bid and deployment deposits (already in effect due to a proposal passed yesterday) is separate from the provider attribute update fee reduction.
  - **Artur Troian**
    - Will release a new CLI version after the network upgrade to include updated default values.
    - Historically, the CLI used hardcoded default parameters, but the new release will query the current default bid and deployment deposits if not set manually.
  - **Maxime Beauchamp**
    - Cloudmos updated to query on-chain parameters, setting the default to 0.5 AKT.

## Action Items
- Validators and participants are reminded to vote on the active proposal if they haven't already.
- Group to prepare for the planned network upgrade scheduled for tomorrow if the proposal passes.
- Tyler to attach Proposal 248 for Rodrigo.
- Scott to complete provider side testing and communicate the results.
- Cloudmos team to potentially adjust the default deployment parameter to 0.5 AKT.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody. It's a Sig chain monthly meeting number 14. During these blockchain related special interest groups the community goes over anything related to the cost blockchain Cosmos SDK specific governance proposals Network upgrades. So anybody again interested in any of those kinds of topics? This is something that we always invite validators to even though it's recorded and transcribed again folks can manage their identities and just join these meetings and just that they have any specific questions about anything related to Network upgrades validating on the cost or just the cost blockchain. This is a special interest group to join and participate in

Tyler Wright: I know there's been a number of proposals that have gone on change. So thank you to all the validators that have been voting on those proposals believe there's three active proposals on chain right now and one that recently passed yesterday related to decreasing the minimum deposits around deployment and in transactions on the tenant side in the provider side, so I know that's been checked and tested by the core team and it's working properly so much appreciate the efforts.

Tyler Wright: Four team and some folks with the community that helped to bring that conversation to light during previous special interest groups for providers clients Etc that led to again that parameter change, but I know there's a couple of active proposals on chain one that I want to specifically talk about that. I hope that folks have voted on is around the main upgrade to version zero that 332.0 again. This proposal is still on chain for boat in the boat is scheduled to end very shortly over the next couple of hours if it is scheduled to pass right now and if it passes there is a planned Network upgrade for tomorrow that plan Network upgrade is for 1237

Tyler Wright: Eastern time I'll transfer that over to UTC for folks, but it's a little bit over a day from right now. So again that proposal is still on chain. It folks have not voted on that proposal. You have a little bit of time to do so and if it passes which is on schedule to pass right now, there is a plan Network upgrade plant for tomorrow. Archer so I know is

Tyler Wright: leading the core engineering team. I don't know if you have anything that you want to add specifically about that may not upgrade again. We'll put some messaging out in various channels documentation has been updated and that will be shared. It's available in the docs site right now, but I will be shared and Discord and Elsewhere for folks to have easy access to but our try and up with anything that you specifically want to talk about about the network upgrade that's planned to schedule for tomorrow.

Artur Troian: Thanks, I thank you card everything. We're going to spend the upgrade should be quite quick. It's quite a easy change. So I don't expect any long down times. Just the only reminder that you to the daylight savings time shift for folks in the US. It's supposed to be non-face EST but not is going to be like 1pm EST.

Artur Troian: And yeah so it's a little bit shift, but you Expected time in UTC should be good. Wouldn't that but yeah, that's gonna be the first network of great for this year. It's a little bit minor and sort of not one that we have planned, but I'm glad that we are executing that.

Artur Troian: I really hope that later down this quarter. We will be able to execute others that we have planned. At the end of the year for the expected proposals and for the least titles and so forth. So we have a lot of things in our table. At this moment, which we are sorting cleaning up and actually priorities. Hopefully by sometimes of these months you will be able to present it to everyone and maybe open some discussions might be gonna have some feedback on things that people want to have on blockchain. But other than that, I think you're all good.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Arctic just mentioned as the core engineering team continues to grow a little bit and there's been a great deal contribution from a number of members of the community some of which are on this call.

Tyler Wright: There's going to be a concerted effort to again handle a lot more on the engineering side with the core product. So again, very exciting time for head anything that's related to Sig chain, some of the network upgrades that we've talked about in the past that previous Big Chain monthly meetings. Those things will all be tagged inside of a product and Engineering roadmap. I said change so if you look in the backlog section again, maybe in the next month or so you'll look at it. You'll see a number of items. I'll be added to just that roadmap and again anything that maybe Network upgrade related will be tagged with big chain. So that easily accessible for validators or other folks that maybe focus on anything just chain related.

Tyler Wright: But again the core team and again, we do this as a part of steering committee as well will continue to make as many things available as part of the roadmap just for discussion and communication transparency.

Tyler Wright: Of course. Is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about related to blockchain Rodrigo hand up. Go ahead.

Rodrigo Rochin: as a quick question at the beginning you said all the lowering provider AP requirements tests and I believe you said the parameter over to place so now it's cheaper to Deploy in and have the providers and if so how much it was it okay, I mean drinking tea.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so, I will attach a proposal for you, but the parameter change was from five akt to 0.5 akt on for both provider side and the deployer side again attach that the proposal 248.

Rodrigo Rochin: That things I did vote in it, but I forgot if it was going to be three or something.

Tyler Wright: Yes, so it's 0.5. Scott correct me if I'm wrong, but we know that the parameter change when the effect and it's been tested but I believe by default. It's still at five akt and has to be manually switched for some folks. Maybe not on the deployer side because I know the cloud most team also made some changes their product to That affected the parameter change, but Scott. Do you want to chime in here real fast?

Scott Carruthers: yeah, so if you're creating a so, I'm actually in the middle of doing the provider side testing of the bid minimum deposit that I've done full testing from the deployment creation. Perspective and it's working perfectly. So this morning I created deployments using point five akt and no issues at all. As Tyler was alluding to if you created deployment from the Akash CLI currently the default is still five. Akt. So if you're creating a deployment you would have to use they deposit switch and then using the deposit switch. You could decrease it all the way down to 0.5. Akt but the minimum always at this point from the CLI is still

Scott Carruthers: five akt and then from the cloud most side. Obviously, they can control that and Max. I don't know if you have any thoughts on this but obviously on the almost side if they wanted to make the defaults 0.5 and I think it would be able to do that within their code.

Scott Carruthers: So that there will be a number of announcements about this as So I'm almost there. They provider side testing. Of the minimum bid deposit. So as soon as've done I'm done validating that which I should be able to do in the next half hour. There will definitely be communication and these regards

Rodrigo Rochin: Awesome things. Yeah, I was basically asking because I wanted to update my provider and in my provider from attributes I have been waiting for this to test to that's been more than I needed to. evaluated announcements

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: Rather Rodrigo,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Scott Carruthers: let me just make sure there's Clarity on. the Adjustment that we're making that is going to lower the prices of Provider attribute updates. That's part of the network upgrade tomorrow. So we have that that will be solved by the network upgrade what we're currently talking about is. Just lowering of the minimum bid deposits and the minimum deployment deposits. So those are two separate things. Those are already in effect because of the network proposal that passed yesterday, and then they lowering of the gas and the fees for Provider attribute updates will go in effect with the network upgrade tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott. Go ahead. Our turn then Max following.

Artur Troian: He just real quick on the default and deposit value I'm going to cut releases CLI tomorrow after Network rate, so it's gonna include values because what happens is the historically did not quite old parameter. From the network. We just use the Assumption the one that is default hardcoded and then we put in Genesis, but you've been pretty much changing that. and so what I'm gonna do is we got the CLI will query default beat and deployment deposits if they are not sad manually.

Artur Troian: they're gonna have it right for tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you Archer. Go ahead.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, just wanted to mention that we updated the cloudnos so that it queries from the parameteron chain. So the default is based on the Unchained parameter. So it's 0.5 a kitty.

Maxime Beauchamp: That's it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Excellent. So as Artur mentioned some of those changes will be reflected in the CLI after the network upgrade tomorrow, but Scott also mentioned it can be done currently via CLI just with a little bit extra code. So it is working.

Tyler Wright: I know again we have a little bit over an hour and a half until that mainnet upgrade proposal passes and then again as Scott had mentioned and I mentioned as well. There'll be a number of announcements that'll be shared in Discord and Elsewhere for folks in the community validators Etc.

Tyler Wright: So, please look out for those announcements and then anybody's on the Insiders or vanguards, I'll continue to share those announcements so that everybody is up to date and ready for the upgrade schedule for tomorrow. I'll make sure to Highlights the time difference and then again reference a time in UTC for the upgrade announcement and for the upgrade timing and then I'll also update any other meetings on the Discord side that may be showing the wrong time currently. Is there any other questions that anyone has related to the cost blockchain or anything else Sig chain related that they want to discuss today?

Tyler Wright: it's not much appreciate everyone's time today. Again, please look out for a number of announcements that will be shared on Discord and elsewhere in the coming hours. Again, if you haven't voted on any of the proposals on chain right now, please feel free to do so if thank you very much and much appreciate everyone's time here today. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Feel free to reach out to me if you need anything, but thank you all. See many of you tomorrow for the upgrade.

Maxime Beauchamp: Think so

Scott Carruthers: concern

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:14:53 ðŸ‘‹

