# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Review of Previous Meeting
- Discussion of network upgrade 
- Proposals on chain for vote.
- Open discussion 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, April 9th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://qv5qbltorrogit5i3qvsihngxzevuweduyauwodu5rk3yhysu3xq.arweave.net/hXsArm6MXGRPqNwrJB2mvklaWIOmAUs4dOxVvB8Spu8)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Massv
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Trigs _
- Tyler Wright


## Meeting Notes
#### Tyler Wright:
  - Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the 15th SIG Chain monthly meeting.
  - Meetings cover Akash blockchain network upgrades and validator-related issues.
  - Tyler thanked those participating in the validators channel and SIG chain.
  - Special thanks to those preparing for network upgrades.
### Network Upgrade Discussion
#### Tyler Wright
  - The Akash Mainnet 10 upgrade occurred on March 13th.
  - Upgrade was smooth and fast with minimal issues.
  - Thanks extended to the core team and validators for their efforts and voting.
  - Everyone was prepared for the upgrade on March 13th.
### Tyler Wright Update
  - Mentioned several proposals that have gone on-chain and either passed or failed in the last month.
  - Encouraged validators for their voting participation.
  - Highlighted proposal 255 for community funding for Praetor acquisition, which is currently up for vote.
  - Directed questions about proposal 255 to the GitHub discussion forum.
  - Noted there are about three days left to vote on proposal 255.
  - Successfully completed the mainnet 10 upgrade.
  - Recognized the active participation of validators and the general community in voting on various proposals.
#### Future Network Upgrades
  - Mentioned upcoming network upgrades and past discussions about the Sig chain.
  - Noted the small size of the core team and their focus on multiple projects.
  - Anticipated more updates on network upgrades soon.

### Artur Troian's Updates
  - **Cosmos SDK 47 Upgrade:**
    - Preparation has begun for upgrading to Cosmos SDK 47, planned since last year.
    - Currently gathering necessary information and planning the upgrade approach.
    - The upgrade will be extensive, requiring thorough planning and testing.
    - Previous successful upgrades attributed to thorough testing; the same will apply to this upgrade.
    - Cosmos SDK 47 introduces significant changes from version 45, impacting the blockchain and associated projects.
    - Identification of necessary updates and migrations is ongoing, with a detailed plan to be developed.
    - Estimated timeline for completion is a couple of months.
  - **Interchain Accounts (ICA) Proposal:**
    - A recent PR regarding Interchain Accounts was not accepted due to current priorities.
    - Need for ICA should be discussed and requested first.
  - **Importance of Cosmos SDK Upgrade:**
    - Current SDK version is deprecated, limiting functionality and compatibility, particularly with IBC versions.
    - Upgrade necessary to avoid compatibility issues and support newer IBC versions.
    - Extensive client updates will be required.
  ### Network Upgrades and Cosmos SDK 47
  #### Tyler Wright:
  - Strategies for upcoming network upgrades and the larger project of upgrading to Cosmos SDK 47 are being finalized.
  - Plans and updates will be added to the public roadmap.
  - Support tickets with the tag "sick chain" will be created for tracking purposes.
  - At least one network upgrade is planned before the larger Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade.
  - Validators and community members are encouraged to stay involved via Discord.
  - Validators can opt into an email list for updates on votes, network upgrades, etc.
  - Contact Tyler Wright or another core team member to be added to the email list.
### Validator Communication
  - Validators are encouraged to stay active on Discord for updates and announcements.
  - Contact information for validators is essential for emergencies and updates.
  - Validators can reach out to Tyler Wright or core team members to ensure they have the correct roles on Discord or to provide an email if they prefer not to use Discord.
### Closing Remarks
  - Appreciation for participants' time and efforts.
  - Look out for upcoming announcements regarding network upgrades.
  - Meeting adjourned with thanks from Tyler Wright, Rodrigo Rochin, and Maxime Beauchamp.
## Action Items
- Core Team to continue monitoring the network post-upgrade for any arising issues.
- Validators to provide feedback and report any issues encountered post-upgrade.
- Tyler Wright to add finalized plans for network upgrades to the roadmap and create support tickets with the "sig chain" tag.
- Tyler Wright to ensure validators are added to the email list and have proper roles on Discord.
- Artur Troian to continue planning and gathering information for the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade and communicate progress and updates to the community.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to seg chain monthly meeting number 15. During the chain special interest group monthly meetings the cash community and all participants in this Specialist Group come together to discuss all things related to the Akash blockchain Network upgrades anything validated related. So again much appreciate the participation from those that are reach out in the validators channel as well as sick chain and thank you to all those that's getting those ready for all the network upgrades and of our last monthly meeting which was March 12th. That was one day prior to the most recent Network upgrade that network of great happened on March 13th to a class main 10.

Tyler Wright: thanks in part to the core team as well as all the validators that Network upgrade was quite smooth and very fast and again have seen not too many issues since that upgrade has become So again much appreciated everybody that helped vote on the upgrade. We're ready for the upgrade when it happened on March 13th. in addition there have been a number of

Tyler Wright: Proposals that have gone on chain and have passed or failed over the last month. Thank you all to all those who have been voting. There's one proposal 255 for Community funding for prayer requisition that is up for vote right now. If you have any questions about that, there is a GitHub discussion where you can get involved and asking any questions, but again much appreciate the validators for voting and their active participation may pass Network. Believe it's about three days left to vote there.

Tyler Wright: So again out of the last month and meeting the group is focused on getting ready for the mainnet 10 upgrade which is since happened successfully as As a number of items on chain related to proposals and votes that again the validators have been very active as well as the general community and voting and participating in the vote. that's getting us caught up to speed. I know there's a couple of network upgrades that I've been talked about in past the Sig chain, but with the core team quite small and working on a number of different things. I'm sure that there will be more updates on upcoming Network upgrades happening soon. I do want to hand it over to Artur to see if there's anything that he wants to add about.

Tyler Wright: The cost blockchain upcoming upgrades if there's any details to share here today. Otherwise, we can talk async and people can look at the roadmap as well as safe change to score Channel. But again without further Ado, I'll hand it over to Archer to see if there's anything that he wants to talk about related to a Specialist Group chain.

Artur Troian: Things are more than everyone. yeah, so to start recovered everything in great details. The only thing I would like to add is have started preparation for upgrading to cosmosis Decay 47 so it's been planned since last year that we going to executed some time during this year. The planning means we are just Gathering all the information we need. For us to start work on this upgrade is gonna be rather big and heavy we need to come up with the approach has to be really thorough.

Artur Troian: Third band for all the aspects and including testing. So the pasta graze that we had during the last year actually over here have been pretty much solid in one of the reasons it was that way because of the testing there's gonna be no exception obviously for the upcoming because as the care grade, but let's say the customer is okay undergo quite drastic changes from 45 to 47 and those changes need to be reflected in all the Blockchain as well as the project things including clients and so forth. So the plan for now is next. We got our identify all the things that needs to be on dated all the migrations gonna have quite thorough. a plan written down

00:05:00

Artur Troian: on that as soon as we confident That we have changes during upgrade and required. Then you're gonna start working on the actual upgrade itself. So it's gonna take some time. I think my maybe couple months But yeah, I'm glad that we officially getting to the stage. and so any questions to this announcement.

Artur Troian: Okay, so there was a one PR to the note repo in regards to Interchange accounts. So if that person is here listening, we are not going to accept that at this stage. Simply because it's not just a priority and the question is why the ICA needs to be enabled?

Artur Troian: before going on that has to be discussion first. There has to be, request first, but just like there is pretty much about my only miscrap. Is that using correct great name, but that's easy to fix. But other than that. We won't be able to take it at the stage and just doesn't make sense. Right? So.

Artur Troian: that person is listening? Yeah, let us know you can reach out and we can discuss through those steps if the ICA I actually required by some other projects. soon so your question about what Christmas Decay brings. It's not pretty much for the cosmosis Decay brings. It's rather the current version we use is in deprecated all the year ago and there are no that's issued. That limits us for example what IBC version we can use we still may be see before which currently is the I think six seven version. So at some point we might be

Artur Troian: In compatible with some chains and I'm not saying it's gonna actually happen but you just limits what we can do it puts the burden on the relayers as well to keep support for old versions of the IBC. You just probably not a good thing and in overall this SDK just brings also importance also also this poems actually I should say but We just have to make it unfortunately, so there's no way for us to holding ourselves from this change and they're gonna be quite a lot of actually client updates. So that's why the first of all they're gonna be playing price quite thorough all followed by the preparation of the brain cell.

Artur Troian: All There's no more questions. Tell her about you.

Tyler Wright: excellent thank you very much Artur again as

Tyler Wright: Strategies around upcoming Network upgrades as well as this bigger project around upgrading to kazos SDK 47 as plans get more finalized. They will be added to the facing roadmap as well as there will be support tickets made with the tag sick chain. So that in this group as well as folks in the community community can track those various tickets again, I believe there's a plan to have at least one network upgrade apply prior to this bigger Cosmo sdk47 upgrade, but please stay involved in Discord. If anybody here is a validator and wants to be added to an email list that goes out to folks that opt into that email so that they can get update.

Tyler Wright: Of Discord or anything related to votes Network upgrades Etc. Feel free to reach out to me or another member of the core team so you can be added to that email list. But again, as items continue to be more defined if anybody has any specific questions about next steps how it will impact anything from clients to the general cash Network. Feel free to drop those in again. Look out for updates in the roadmap and the product and Engineering roadmap as well as in the support repo with a tags under sick chain.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any topics that they want to discuss related to the Akash blockchain? or validator relations

Tyler Wright: then again what continue to work together online? And again, please please if you are not actively and Discord, it's also people listening in later. Please make sure that you add yourself to the email list for all validators and active sets. it's required that there's a way to contact you. We have a way to contact almost everybody. But again just in case of emergency just in case in any issue, please make sure to check Discord frequently. There's a number of items that go into valid or announcements as well as the If anybody from your technical team that is a part of their validator. It doesn't have the proper role again reach out to myself for somebody from the core team or we'll get that rectified. But if you prefer to stay out of Discord for whatever reason, please share an email with me just so we have again an up-to-date contact just in case we need you for any short-term or long-term efforts.

Tyler Wright: But there's nothing else then again much appreciate everyone's time and effort today will continue to talk async and again look out for announcements related to a number of upgrades potentially on the horizon that are being planned and we'll be finalized soon. But thanks again for everybody taking the time up today to meet very quickly, and I hope everyone has a great day and week. Thank you all.

Rodrigo Rochin: And kills you.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah. Thanks Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Goodbye.

Rodrigo Rochin: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:12:13 ðŸ‘‹

