# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- Introduction and overview of recent activities (Tyler Wright)
- Mainnet 11 upgrade discussion
- Validator engagement and communication channels
- Project tracking on GitHub
- Upcoming Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade (Artur Troian)
- Open floor for additional topics

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, May 21, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://t7vun4ttnoelbnwkis4rf7eacagljw7a5tsobsuujmsiycgjdpna.arweave.net/n-tG8nNriLC2ykS5EvyAEAy02-Ds5ODKlEskjAjJG9o)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Artur Troian  
- B S  
- Javier Su  
- Maxime Beauchamp  
- Rodri R  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Tyler Wright

### Meeting Notes
- **Introduction and Overview:**
  - Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the 16th Sig Chain monthly meeting.
  - Overview of the group's purpose: discussing validator operations and network upgrades for the Akash blockchain.
  - Recent upgrade to Mainnet 11 was successful.
  
- **Mainnet 11 Upgrade:**
  - Shout out to all validators for a seamless upgrade process.
  - Validators encouraged to stay engaged through Discord, GitHub, or email.
  - Emphasis on responsiveness during upgrade processes.

- **Validator Engagement and Communication Channels:**
  - Validators can join a private Discord group for detailed communication.
  - Tyler Wright is available to add validators to communication channels.

- **Project Tracking on GitHub:**
  - Projects board in the Akash Network organization tracks ongoing efforts.
  - Roadmaps available for product and engineering, as well as community and marketing.
  - Bounties and ongoing projects are visible for contributors.

- **Upcoming Cosmos SDK 47 Upgrade:**
  - Artur Troian discussed expedited governance proposals, allowing execution within 24 hours if consensus over 66% is reached.
  - Realization that Cosmos SDK 47 already includes this feature led to the decision to migrate to SDK 47.
  - Historical usage of a single codebase in the node group now being split into multiple parts (provider and Akash API).
  - Migration plan includes:
    - Migrating Akash API to the new Cosmos SDK.
    - Ensuring proper conversion of data types and implementation of migration.
    - Working on blockchain parts and starting testnet to assist clients.
  - Significant breaking changes include state, APIs, transaction, and query messages.
  - Target timeline: aiming for completion by end of summer, with actual upgrade likely in autumn.
  - Preparations for future SDK 50 upgrades also discussed.
  - Emphasis on providing reference designs in GoLang and TypeScript for developers.
  
- **Additional Updates and Open Floor:**
  - Tyler Wright emphasized that updates will continue to be made available via Discord and other channels.
  - Opportunities for community involvement in testing will be available.
  - Smaller upgrades planned for the end of the year will be on hold.
  - Significant post-upgrade improvements expected.
  - Encouragement to use the product and engineering roadmap for tracking and communication.
  - Monthly meetings will continue, with the duration depending on the updates available.
  - Final call for any additional topics or questions.

## Action Items
1. **Tyler Wright:**
   - Add any validators not currently in the Discord group to the validator role.
   - Ensure all validators are added to the email list for updates.
   
2. **Artur Troian:**
   - Provide more specific details on the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade.
   - Outline the prep work and testing plans for the upcoming upgrade.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly meeting number 16. During the special interest group for the blockchain of a cost. This group gets together to talk all things related to validator operations things related to network upgrades, but everything related to the class blockchain believe since our last meeting. We've had a upgrade to main net 11.

Tyler Wright: And so again, this has been a lot going on. Shout out to all the validators that made that upgrade very very seamless.

Tyler Wright: If anybody here is a validator. There's a number of ways that you can stay engaged. If you do not want to be in Discord. You can feel free to message me or put a message in GitHub or email me and I can add you to an email list, but you have to make sure you stay up to date there. And then there's also a Discord group that has a validator role that's a private group specifically for validators where again, we manage all things related to network upgrades and just being a cash validator. So if anybody's not in those channels and needs to be again, feel free to reach out to me Tyler, I'll make sure that you're there. But again, thank you to all those that are very responsive leading up to upgrades with voting and also on upgrade day again, please upgrades have been happening faster and faster. So shout out the core team for all the prep that they do on getting those upgrades reading all testing and then again, shout out to the

Tyler Wright: daters for all the work that they do during the upgrade So we're on Main Network 11 now and again just want to shout out all the work there.

Tyler Wright: One thing that I believe will be talking about a little bit today. Everybody can go to GitHub. And then again on the projects board in the Akash Network organization. You can track what's going on and many of the efforts that are going on across the organization, especially on the product and Engineering roadmap. They're also is a roadmap for community and marketing you could also see bounties there. I think one thing that we will be talking about at length. Maybe not a link today, but we've already been talking about it for something chain meetings is around the upgrade to Cosmos sdk47 to be a big project that will be worked on by members of the core team throughout the next couple of months. I know what's 47 is up 4 So good number of unlocks that will happen after that.

Tyler Wright: So again, it's an exciting time, but it is a massive upgrade. So there's a lot of prep work and then testing that will go into this.

Tyler Wright: If there's anything else that anybody wants to talk about feel free to drop in and an item into the chat that we could talk about as an identity topic. But again, I kind of talked a little bit about that GitHub issue, but I will pass it over to Archer to see if there's anything more specifically he wants to talk about Cosmos sdk47 or anything else chain related. So Artur, I'll take it over to you.

Artur Troian: Part of the blockchain and a couple of things for example expedited governance proposals. That you would like to have which allows us to execute governance proposal is saying 24 hours if we reach consensus over 66% and sometimes that's quite important, especially for parameters or emergency upgrades and we sort of implementing that and then realize that causes seven does already have it. and we just sort of postponed it for later on and Decided pretty much quite a few weeks ago that we going to move to

00:05:00

Artur Troian: execute migration to sdk47 another decision that sort of maybe to actually directed us towards the upgrade is improvements on the Akash as the SDK

Artur Troian: historically we used to use All the code base in the nodegroupon that we started splitting it off into multiple Parts. One of them is a provider in the second one is a cash API actually Pi is still a little bit on my side which we are cleaning up quite quickly.

Artur Troian: The plan is going to be as following because the sdk47 is quite a breaking change and that includes not only state but as well as the apis, I mean the transaction and the query messages. So what we are going to do is we're going to call for Akash SDK and cautious decade very first part will meet my great Akashi API. To the new cosmosis Decay and make sure that all of the data types are properly converted and we have migration implemented. Once we do that, we will start working on the blockchain parts, which is not and as soon as we have blockchain part up and running we will be starting testnet with that will allow us to help clients.

Artur Troian: That using Cosmos I actually Pi quite significantly and that we have quite a few of them. To pass and start implementing migration on their side that process will be going for probably month or so. So the amount of things you bring into cosmosis Decay is pretty much whatever we have as the business Decay 47 brings itself. That's for example, each store will have our own parameter storage. And as I mentioned earlier, it's going to proposals and IBC upgrade. For example, you will be migrating ABC to V7. Maybe at the time of a great it will be V8. So it's still being discussed. And that will allow us also to prepare for future.

Artur Troian: SDK 50 I don't know if you're gonna executed this year, but maybe next one. So in terms of timeline, I think this stage we targeting towards and all the summer. and it was like, that's a lot of time but the change itself is massive and once again, Cost of downtime is quite significant. So we have to be really careful on what we are doing and number two is since probably this new year the Akash API is being used by other developers. So we have to Enough time to perform migration. So that means we have to give them reference design for both languages and in golang as well as typescript. And give them a time to test all of the changes.

Artur Troian: So most likely actual upgrade will be in Autumn time, but I'm not saying that out loud. I'm just trying to give some sort of prospective that time of actual upgrade and that Varian can be quite significant. so this is then probably the biggest massive change for the next few months. and all of the other things related to the blockchain itself, it will be postponent until we get cosmosis Upgrade done and that includes packet forward in and there were some other changes. I don't recall unfortunately, but I believe there are in the sports. So I think that covers it. Anybody have any questions?

Tyler Wright: Thank you Artur again. As time goes on there will be more updates made available via Discord and other channels. There'll be a number of opportunities for testing Again by The Core team and maybe even bringing in some folks for the community to potentially help with some testing and number of different environments. So again, this is be very much a focus of the core team and we'll make sure that folks in the community are involved when needed and up to date on all things happening there. But again as Artur mentioned some of the other smaller upgrades that we have planned at the end of the year will now be on hold while we just handle this bigger upgrade. We'll have significant post upgrade Improvement to the network usage Etc.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions about the upgrade again, feel free to drop any questions or comments or thoughts inside of the specific ticket product and Engineering roadmap? That's the best way to kind of track this and again, there will be a number of other smaller issues that I'm sure will be added to the product and Engineering roadmap as well as potential announcements. Where when available.

Tyler Wright: Are there any other topics of discussion that anybody wants to just talk about related to the blockchain or related to validated on Akash?

Tyler Wright: If not, then we can certainly end this a little bit earlier again as details become more available. We will keep this a monthly meeting if there's no real updates we can have it be we are in 10 to 15 minutes like we had today if there is a need for folks to talk about some of the things happening as we're testing Costless sdk47 and we can take this time as well. So again, we'll continue to keep this as a monthly meeting to just check in and all things related to the upgrade especially as it is such a massive upgrade again will be the focus of the core engineering team open next few months. So we'll just track it with the state chain meeting on a monthly basis.

Tyler Wright: All if there's nothing else that anybody wants to talk about again, feel free to ask any questions to have about being in a cash validator and the validator channel and Discord again, if anybody wants me updates via email and they're validator feel free to reach out to me and I'll add you to an email list where we let Val there is know about boats that they should be participating in upgrades Etc.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, everyone.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciated everyone's participation much appreciate the core team for all to do and again being present here to let the community know what they're working on and we'll continue to talk online. Thank you all very much. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day.

Tyler Wright: but

Meeting ended after 00:13:34 ðŸ‘‹

