# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #17

## Agenda
- Discussion on Cosmos SDK Upgrade  
- Details on Akash Mainnet 12 Upgrade
- Discussion on Akash DAO and Overclock  
- Tooling and Snapshots  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 11th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://g6qelhldnaj52ry4xc56kge2wjrswqfgxrqs4iduth4cpqpndlfq.arweave.net/N6BFnWNoE91HHLi75RiasmMrQKa8YS4gdJn4J8HtGss)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Artur Troian  
- Dimokus  
- Gabriel Li  
- Julius Haus  
- Marc  
- Trigs  
- Tyler Wright  
- Zeke E  


## Meeting Notes
- **Welcome and Introduction**
  - Tyler Wright welcomed attendees and reviewed the purpose of the monthly meetings.

- **Discussion on Cosmos SDK Upgrade**
  - Recap of potential upgrade paths for Cosmos SDK (version 47 or potentially 50).
  - The core team is conducting research on the next steps.
  - Community members interested in the process are encouraged to participate in discussions and the next Sig Chain meeting.

- **Details on Akash Mainnet 12 Upgrade**
  - An upgrade is scheduled to occur in the next couple of hours.
  - A countdown to the upgrade is available in the chat.
  - The upgrade addresses an issue around fee grants.
  - Proposal which resolves this issue, has passed and the upgrade is scheduled for block height 16708237.
  - Attendees were invited to ask questions about the upcoming upgrade.
  - [Documentation and resources](https://akash.network/docs/mainnet-12-upgrade/node-upgrade-guide/) were shared in the chat for validators.
 
- **Upgrade Process Overview**
  - Validators will upgrade first.
  - Once the chain is stable and blocks are being made, RPC node upgrades by providers and exchanges will follow.
  - Stability checks will be conducted post-upgrade.

- **Support for Validators**
  - Validators and insiders were advised to support others during and after the upgrade.
  - The validators' channel on Discord will be closely monitored.

- **Discussion on Akash DAO and Overclock**
  - Marc was acknowledged for his contributions to recent discussions about Akash DAO.
  - Ongoing conversations about the evolution of Overclock and the creation of Akash DAO were highlighted.
  - Tyler emphasized the community-driven approach and the goal to move towards a more formalized DAO governance structure.
  - Discussions about DAO governance continue to be active, with contributions welcomed from all community members.
  - Tyler invited Artur and Gabriel to share any additional thoughts on the network upgrade before moving on.

- **Tooling and Snapshots**
  - Zeke discussed a new snapshot tool for Overclock, aimed at creating a more accessible sandbox environment.
  - The community can expect pre- and post-upgrade snapshots and further tooling improvements in future meetings.

- **Upcoming Meetings and Participation**
  - Tyler encouraged attendees to mark their calendars for the next Sig Chain meeting.
  - He emphasized the importance of community involvement in discussions about Cosmos SDK upgrades and Akash DAO.

- **Closing Remarks**
  - Tyler invited any final topics for discussion.
  - He noted that Scott Carruthers, a key team member, is on vacation, so additional community support is needed.
  - Tyler thanked attendees for their participation and encouraged them to stay engaged for the upcoming network upgrade.
  - The meeting ended with a note of appreciation for everyone's contributions and a wish for a successful network upgrade.
  - Tyler emphasized the importance of community support and participation.
  - He looked forward to a successful network upgrade and continued discussions post-upgrade.

## Action Items
- All Validators to upgrade to the new mainnet version at the specified block height.
- Insiders and Vanguards to support validators during and after the upgrade.
- Community Members to participate in ongoing discussions about [Akash DAO on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/601) and provide feedback.
- Zeke to Continue development and communication about the snapshot tool for Overclock.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly meeting The date is June 11th, 20 During the special interest group for the Akash blockchain that meets every month. Sometimes has been meeting every other month. The group mostly of validators and other just interested members of talk about everything from Network upgrades to Cosmos SDK previously. We've been talking about the upcoming upgrade to Cosmos SDK 47 from 45 where we are right now again, there's also some exploring around going to ask Cosmos SDK 50, but we've had plenty conversations about that during this meeting this week or this meeting.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a planned upgrade happening now in the next couple of hours again, there's a countdown that you can all get access to drop in the chat for folks, but we're about an hour again 32 maybe a little bit less because this is an approximate timer, but we're a little bit out from Akash main net 12 again. There was a proposal that went on chain last week that helped for version. 0.36 that solves an issue around fee Grant. I'll drop down the chat for folks as well that proposal passed on today. Thank you everyone who voted and got themselves ready? And again with the proposal passing formally on chain yesterday. The upgrade is planned for on the block height that you see in chat 16708.

Tyler Wright: Two three seven again. We're a little bit out from the upgrade right now. If anybody has any questions about the upgrade and how to upgrade again, feel free to drop them in the chat here today drop in the validators channel if you're a validator. You're not a validator if you are about there, but not about their Channel again. Feel free to ping me and I can give you that validator's role for those in the active set again. I've dropped the documentation in chat. and again people that are using Cosmic advisor should be ready to go and should just be waiting for the block height. Does anyone here have any specific questions about the Akash main net 12 upgrade that is happening sometime soon.

Tyler Wright: did All right again, I know there's some insiders in vanguards currently. I was call if you see anybody in the validators channel that needs leading up to the upgrade or after the upgrade, Please support them. Again. The changes have been reviewed and are actively in sandbox right now. So there are teams that are working on it. So again much appreciate supporting all those that may need it.

Tyler Wright: The goal is that again the validators were upgrade first, once the validators have upgraded and the chain is making blocks again. wait a couple minutes like we do check the stability of the network and then we'll have providers do an RPC node upgrade and then we'll just have again exchanges do the same. So that'll be the process as we move through the day. Anyone have any questions there?

Tyler Wright: All right moving along with the agenda. I know that there's been a couple of conversations that have been happening in sick chain, as of recently, I believe Marc who's one person that's on this call today had actually been having some of those conversations. There's been a discussion that's had around basically in a cash down. I know that there's a member Of the overclock core team that has previously been talking about.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: The evolution of overclock and the creation of akashdow, so he's not currently here, but I know he would love to get involved and have them get involved in the GitHub discussion. He actually on paternity leave so that may be less than happening. I saw Archer just during this call. I want to manage his time a little bit Artur. We talked a little bit at the top of the call about the network upgrade Gabriel the documentation said the time with everybody there was no questions at that point. Do you have anything that you want to talk about in terms of network upgrade before we move on you can feel free to drop after we talked about Network upgrade Anyone have any questions for Artur? again, if anybody has any questions until they get closer to the network upgrade, feel free to drop those in the validator channel and Discord that channel will be closely monitored leading up to and directly following the network upgrade like we tend to do.

Tyler Wright: I will chat out Zeke.

Tyler Wright: because I think there's gonna be just a quick discussion around Akash Dow

Tyler Wright: Also again Pikachu will have some staff shots,â€¦

Tyler Wright: which is an idea that's been floated by a member of the community.

Tyler Wright: but Zeke has been working on an overclock related snapshot tool to have for again easier sandbox environment the number of easier upgrades and topics topicsâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So I just want to see if there's anything that you want to talk specifically about the main Network upgrade before we continue on with

Tyler Wright: just like a topics An official overclock snapshots cool that can be used by The Wider community in addition to all the work that poked you and others do in providing snapshots. So again, there will be pre and post snapshots available. And then again look out for that tooling that will probably talk about in future meetings.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Cool leading back to the conversation. We were just talking about around the cast Dow again. I want to make sure Mark did you want to talk about that very briefly about what you're looking or what you're thinking about. One thing. I will say is the idea as a Akash Community continues to grow and mature is that we move in the direction of a cost down.

Tyler Wright: Really The Specialist groups groups and open group structure that we have here currently is a version of trying to be as transparent and trying to guide the community as much as possible. I think overclock is trying to be a steward in again trying to get as many Community contributions to everybody moving the similar Direction because there's so many things that need to get done but I do want to give you some time to talk briefly about a cost down your mind and I know that there is already been some comments, related to again, there's no smart contracts currently on So just want to let you speak high level if you're able to and then we can continue talking discussions. No worries, Marc different not able to talk. Either way, there is a active discussion that I've dropped in the chat again, feel free to get involved in that discussion. I will give my own viewpoints but again high level I think Dow governance is a great idea. low level, I think that

Tyler Wright: we're overclock and really the cash Community is trying to accomplish this via The Specialist Group and working group structure in lieu of again, just formalizing a dab, but there's a number of ways for people to get involved to contribute to make the voices heard. It's very decentralized and Democratic and again as we continue to push forward, I think the idea to move in a general direction towards and Akash dab that does a little bit more management and governance over some of these things. If anybody else has any thoughts. Feel free to drop them in the discussion to give feedback to Marc but much appreciate the discussion started.

Tyler Wright: one other thing I want to mention is again. I talked about a little bit about at the top of the call around Cosmos Upgrade to version 47 or potentially 50 again. There's been a lot of research and work from the core team into what's next there. There's so many features that again will be unlocked via customer SDK upgrade if anybody wants to get involved in that process I ask that

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: your calendars for the next Sig chain meeting and look to get involved in the channel before that. There's already a couple of folks that have been working on other Cosmos projects that have already gone through this process. They're looking to get involved. And so we're looking again as a community looking to get all those people in the same room talk about these things maybe in a working group session or maybe just in the next 16 meeting. But again, if you want to be involved in that process, feel free to just make your voice heard and sick chain, and then we can take next steps there.

Tyler Wright: does anyone else have any other topics that they wanted to discuss on this call here today?

Tyler Wright: Again, I imagine this call will be a little bit shorter because folks should be if they're not already getting themselves ready for the network upgrade. But is anything else anybody wants to discuss here today?

Tyler Wright: if not, thank you all for joining. I'll see many of you all in validators Channel. Sometimes shortly again. Feel free to reach out to me or support each other invalidated channel. If anybody needs help with anything that actually see a couple of comments that may need support the core teams a little bit short-handed this week. We have backup support and obviously a number of people are computer ready but as mentioned In Discord Scott Carruthers who usually is a very Hands-On with upgrades. It's been Hands-On leading up to upgrade and documentation testing all that kind of stuff, but it's currently on vacation. So if anybody else from vanguards insiders can with some help the community, that would be greatly appreciated.

Tyler Wright: again, we're Again. This is a rough approximate countdown. So please stay close to your computers over the next couple hours knock on wood for another successful Network upgrade to Akash main net 12. And again, we'll continue to talk async about a number of things related to sick chain, but much appreciate everyone's time and energy today Mark much appreciate the discussion. I hope people get involved that discussion and look forward to a successful Network upgrade and then talking to you all post upgrade. But thank you all very much for voting and all the things that y'all do.

Zeke E: I think everybody.

Tyler Wright: Have a great day. talk y'all soon.

Meeting ended after 00:13:04 ðŸ‘‹


