# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #18

## Agenda
- Discussion on Akash Network upgrade
- Updates on SDK 47 migration
- Parameter changes for stable tokens
- Inter-Chain Accounts(ICA) Implementation

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, July 17th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://556xxz5f7wcokgit5qlznxtkdvmdkcrafobpcwztrytgflmcifjq.arweave.net/731756X9hOUZE-wXlt5qHVg1CiArgvFbM44mYq2CQVM)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Alex N
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Gilad Penn
- Javier Su
- Robo McGobo
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

**Meeting Notes:**
- **Tyler Wright**
  - Welcomed everyone to the meeting.
  - Mentioned the meeting covers topics related to the Akash blockchain.
  - Discussed the possibility of changing the meeting cadence, especially between network upgrades.
  - Noted that validators stay connected via the validators Discord channel.
  - Provided a link to keep up-to-date with the Akash Network product and engineering roadmap.
  - Introduced Javier Su, who would present his background and experience later in the meeting.
  - Brought up the topic of adding specific stable tokens as payment methods.
  - Clarified that some stable tokens only require a parameter change, while others might need additional technical work.
  - Requested feedback and promised to follow up on the stable token integration question.

- **Artur Troian**
  - Acknowledged and greeted the attendees.
  - Provided updates on the Akash Network, specifically related to the upgrade to the Cosmos SDK version 47
  - Mentioned that the SDK 47 migration is a significant task, involving creating a good SDK for customer developers.
  - Stated that they are about 70% complete with the migration, excluding documentation.
  - Highlighted ongoing efforts in migrating product types and actual stores.
  - Noted that the migration can be tracked in the sdk47 branch on the Akash repo.
  - Explained the integration and extension of simulations for certain modules.
  - Aimed to have the initial alpha release of the Akash repo and SDK by next week.
  - Planned for initial local testing, followed by a testnet for insiders and the community.
  - Estimated the SDK upgrade completion by early autumn, with some flexibility for fixing small issues.
  - Confirmed that integrating stable tokens requires both parameter changes and technical adjustments.

- **Javier Su**
  - Introduced himself and briefly discussed his background in leading core development on Terra.
  - Shared experience with migrating to Cosmos SDK 45, 46, and 47, noting the significant changes involved.
  - Described the integration tests written in TypeScript for their CI/CD flow.
  - Demonstrated how they spin up a local net with three validating nodes for testing.
  - Mentioned the benefits of integration tests in catching issues during chain upgrades.
  - Offered to help with writing integration tests for Akash, emphasizing the need for both Go and TypeScript tests.

- **Artur Troian**
  - Appreciated Javier's insights and offered to collaborate on integration tests.
  - Explained Akash's approach to testing, which includes Go-based tests for network upgrades.
  - Mentioned that additional integration tests for clients and SDKs could be beneficial.
  - Suggested Javier connect with a new core engineer at Overclock responsible for client and TypeScript integration.

- **Tyler Wright**
  - Took notes and committed to posting them after the meeting.
  - Agreed to coordinate with Javier and the core engineer for further collaboration on testing.
  - Asked if there were any additional questions before handing over to Alex.

- **Alex N**
  - Introduced himself and his team, highlighting their experience with Akash, Lit Protocol and Stride.
  - Emphasized their goal to enable interchain accounts (ICA) for liquid staking of AKT.
  - Shared his background in leading growth at Ocean Protocol and involvement in web3 infrastructure projects.
  - Passed the introduction to Robo McGobo.

- **Robo McGobo**
  - Introduced himself, mentioning his role in leading growth at Stride Labs and involvement with Osmosis and UDX grants programs.
  - Expressed excitement about discussing ICAs and understanding the roadmap and potential blockers.


- **Inter-Chain Accounts(ICA) Implementation:**
- **Alex N**
  - Outlined their plan for ICA collaboration, including creating an issue on Akash Network support and eventually converting it into a governance proposal and chain upgrade.
  - Asked about the current roadmap for ICA and its alignment with the SDK 47 upgrade.
- **Artur Troian**
  - Appreciated the focus on ICA and shared the historical context of ICA in Akash.
  - Confirmed that the priority is the SDK 47 upgrade, which needs to be completed and stabilized before incorporating ICA.
  - Suggested starting the discussion on GitHub to outline the requirements for liquid staking on Akash.
  - Highlighted the importance of specific requirements and messages needed for ICA.
  - Mentioned the three major upgrades planned for the year: SDK 47, packet forwarding, and ICA, with the primary blocker being the SDK 47 upgrade.
  - Estimated the SDK 47 upgrade to be completed by end of summer or early autumn, potentially in August, but flexible until end of September.
  - Explained the historical context of ICA on Akash, highlighting that the previous implementation was rolled back due to technical flaws.
  - Confirmed that the decision to roll back was not due to ICA itself but because of incorrect implementation on the Akash side.
  - Stated that since then, there hasn't been a strong reason to reintroduce ICA until the need for liquid staking emerged.
  - Emphasized the importance of correct implementation and thorough testing, stressing that the core team needs to ensure robust testing before rolling out ICA.
  - Encouraged the community to start by writing clear requirements for ICA, particularly for liquid staking, to initiate the discussion and convert it into a formal issue.
  - Highlighted that the actual implementation of ICA is not complex but the testing and integration process requires significant effort.
  - Artur Troian discussed the importance of addressing all questions related to ICA requirements before finalizing the implementation.
  - Emphasized that robust testing is crucial and that help from the community will be needed.
  - Mentioned the current sandbox connections are limited, and additional IBC connections might be needed.
- **Alex N**
  - Clarified the roadmap and steps moving forward, aligning with Artur's timeline and approach.
  - Expressed understanding of the process and agreed to start with outlining requirements for ICA.
  - Acknowledged the importance of thorough testing and the core team's involvement in the process.

- **Discussion on Roadmap and Testing:**
  - Alex N and Robo McGobo acknowledged the detailed context provided and expressed appreciation for the transparency.
  - Artur Troian highlighted that once requirements are clear, they will determine how to incorporate ICA into the roadmap and testing phases.
  - Emphasized the need for thorough and specific discussions on GitHub about liquid staking and ICA to ensure a complete understanding of requirements and implementation.
  - **Tyler Wright**
  - Responded to Alex N's query about the rollback of ICA and mentioned that the community is largely supportive of reintroducing ICA.
  - Emphasized that the previous rollback was due to technical issues and lack of thorough implementation by the contributing group.
  - Reiterated that there are no major community political issues with ICA, and the focus is mainly on resolving technical challenges and the ongoing SDK 47

- **Next Steps:**
  - **Tyler Wright** emphasized the importance of creating a comprehensive GitHub discussion about ICA and liquid staking to engage with the community effectively.
  - Agreed to push the ICA discussion up from the backlog to the next priority after the SDK 47 upgrade.
  - Noted that both packet forwarding and ICA will be worked on concurrently, with a focus on moving them forward efficiently.

- **Closing Remarks:**
  - Tyler Wright thanked everyone for their participation and highlighted the importance of continued collaboration and timely updates.
  - Agreed to follow up with notes, the transcript, and the recording of the meeting for reference and further discussion.

## Action Items
- Artur Troian to provide further details on the upgrade to Cosmos SDK version 47.
- Tyler Wright to update the community via sig chain Discord Channel as the SDK 47 upgrade progresses.
- Tyler Wright to coordinate with interested attendees for testnet participation and future meetings.
- Tyler Wright to follow up on the integration of stable tokens as payment methods, including necessary parameter changes and technical adjustments.
- Artur Troian to connect Javier Su with the core engineer at Overclock for collaboration on integration tests.
- Alex N and Robo McGobo to start a discussion on GitHub outlining the requirements for ICA.
- Artur Troian to ensure the ICA discussion is aligned with the SDK 47 upgrade timeline and requirements.

## Transcript
