# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #19

## Agenda
- Introduction and overview of the meeting purpose
- Update on Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade 
- Network upgrade preparations and timeline
- Community engagement and validator participation
- Open floor for additional discussions 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 13th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Artur Troian  
- B S  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Rodri R  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Tyler Wright 

## Meeting Notes
- **Introduction (Tyler Wright):**
  - This is the monthly meeting for the Sig Chain Special Interest Group focused on the Akash blockchain and related topics.
  - Discussion covered Akash blockchain, core code, network upgrades, and anything related to the Akash SDK and the broader Cosmos ecosystem.

- **Cosmos SDK 47 Upgrade Update (Artur Troian):**
  - The team has completed the migration to the latest SDK 47 version, including successful unit tests and joint migration tests.
  - Current focus: preparing the testnet and test cases for the upcoming network upgrade.
  - Internal issues have caused slight delays; the upgrade might extend to next week.
  - Validators will be encouraged to simulate load on the testnet for comprehensive testing.
  - Expected to finalize upgrade details by the next meeting.

- **Network Upgrade Preparations (Tyler Wright):**
  - The core engineering team, led by Artur, has been working hard on the upgrade.
  - Testnet participation from the community, especially validators, will be crucial.  
  - Upcoming announcements will provide specific requirements and structure for the testing phase.
  - Community calls may increase in frequency as the network upgrade approaches due to the significant scope of the upgrade.

- **Community Engagement (Tyler Wright):**
  - Validators and community members are encouraged to stay engaged and prepare for the SDK 47 upgrade.
  - The upgrade will involve changes across the entire code base, requiring coordinated efforts from all participants.

- **Zealy Mission Announcement (Robert Del Rey):**
  - Robert wished the team good luck with the network upgrade efforts.
  - Introduced the secret word for the Zealy mission related to the Sig Chain working group call.
  - Secret word: **"November"** spelled out as N (November), O (Oscar), V (Victor), E (Echo), M (Mike), B (Bravo), E (Echo), R (Romeo).
  - Participants can use the secret word in the Zealy mission to earn additional AKT points while engaging in Akash Community initiatives.

- **Closing Remarks (Tyler Wright):**
  - Recapped that the meeting was about to end and summarized key points for Rodri, who joined late.
  - Reiterated the importance of community involvement in the upcoming testnet phase.
  - Validators, especially technical members, are encouraged to participate in spinning up testnet nodes to enhance the testing process.
  - Acknowledged the hard work of Artur, Scott, and the core engineering team.
  - Announcements will be shared over the next few days into the following week as preparations for the testnet advance.
  - Tyler thanked everyone for their time and participation, indicating the meeting was adjourned.
## **Action Items**
1. **Artur Troian:** Continue preparing testnet and test cases for SDK 47 upgrade.
2. **Tyler Wright:** Reach out to community members and validators interested in participating in the testnet.
3. **Core Engineering Team:** Finalize the testnet requirements and ensure readiness for the upgrade by the next meeting.
4. **All Participants:** Stay engaged with the community and prepare for the upcoming network upgrade; watch for announcements on specific requirements.
5. **Tyler Wright:** Schedule additional community calls as needed leading up to the network upgrade.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig chain monthly. This has been a monthly meeting for some time. It is August 13th 2024 during the special interest group for the Akash blockchain. The group goes over anything related to cost blockchain or the core code as well as Anything related to network upgrades? We also talked about things related to cost us SDK in general. So anything from the Costco's ecosystem. I know there's some folks that have joined this call that a validators and other change. It might have experiences there that we can take into One of the big items that Sig chain has been tracking is been around the cosmos 47 Or problems sdk47 upgrade I will drop in.

Tyler Wright: The project there, but I'll hand it over to hartchurch just talk about anything related to Cosmos. That's the k47 upgrade or anything else that he wants to talk about Sig chain related. So Archer feel free to take it away.

Artur Troian: I'm sorry. Hello Alrighty, so the sdk47 which would be named topic of discussion for the last couple chains. Last week we have robbed up the code base migration so much actually, as well as not repo have migrated to the latest sdk47 question and all of the tests including unit tests and Joint last dollars migrations person Which is quite a good sign. So this moment stream is preparing testnet as well as test cases on how we going to run and you ate actual upgrade.

Artur Troian: we are running a little behind you to couple internal hydrology issues that means to be solved. So I think initially we planned to Personal this week, but we might actually be trying to next week, which is not quite a big deal.

Artur Troian: but anyways, we're gonna try this week to publish that's not the requirements that we would like To have and as well as there is a thought that we might ask holidays to vulnerabilitator. This is mainly predators to start a mods on the testnet as well just to simulate Lord as much as you can. wrapping that up I would say This is over there. How free today? Hopefully by the next time we meet here in the school. You should have more or less finalized date of when actual brings happen. questions

Tyler Wright: Thank you Archer and Artur not only update overclock Labs core engineering team will make them updates.

Tyler Wright: As comments on all the progress. I think there's been constant tracking of that inside the project that I just dropped in the chat. But in addition to that I as Artur mentioned there will be members of insiders the validated community and just a general community that will be participating in various test that's coming up soon. So there'll be announcements following up shortly on specific requirements. I'll be reaching out to individuals that have already showed interest in helping out and again can provide value and then we'll just provide again structure on how that will happen. So I know it's been a lot of work happening with the core team, many late nights long weekends so much appreciate all the work from Artur really led by Archer with support from the rest of the core engineering team. I know there's gonna be a lot of work that happens now on during the testing phase and make sure

Tyler Wright: ready for a network upgrade

Tyler Wright: Both does anyone have anything? Chain related that they want to discuss right now. Again, look out for announcements coming soon. There will be potentially an increase Cadence for some of these Community calls as we get closer to network upgrade again to produce such a big Network upgrade and so many things are being touched really the entire code base. So please stay tuned if you're listening to this recording if you're here and you're an Insider barrier and you're very involved in the community just again.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Continue to remind people to stay engaged around the Castle's sdk47 upgrade because again, they'll be really at all hands on deck effort to make sure we're ready for the upgrade so much appreciate everyone's time today. If there's nothing else go ahead Robert. We have your hand up.

Robert Del Rey: Sure, a brief introduction. First of all, good luck everybody in these work of taking the network if there's anything we can do to support. We are right here and I went to drop the secret For the silly mission for the six chain working group call. And the secret call sorry and the secret word. It's gonna be no.

Robert Del Rey: Know anything November I was in All-Star Diaz in Delta. E as in Echo. You can hear not now or you can listen to the word in the recording so meet the secret word in the silly mission to earn some extra akt points. While you're getting involved in other cash Community initiatives like this one. Yeah, that's all for me.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you Robert. And again, this is for rodri who just joined us. We're about to hop off.

Tyler Wright: Archer gave us a quick announcement again. We'll be moving into a test net phase sometime over the next couple of days to a week. There will be a number of announcements that are shared in Discord and Elsewhere for those that will be participating again. we will be looking for some validators to help spin up test that nodes to simulate again a better experience for testing. So a project I know you're a validator but we'll make sure to again get all the appropriate people involved during those steps make announcements anybody here that sees anybody in Discord or elsewhere that is Technical and has been involved what's again involved in testing process, please Point them alive direction or reports the sick chain, and we can follow up there.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciate all the effort from Archer Scott and the rest of the core engineering team. There'll be some more announcements coming soon as we get closer to again publishing information and starting the testnet. So look out for information over the next couple of days into next week, but appreciate everyone's time here today. Enjoy the rest of your day, and we'll follow up very soon. Thank you again. Bye.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you as they said guys until next time.

Meeting ended after 00:08:15 ðŸ‘‹
