# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Akash network updates and validator relations
- Network upgrade: Cosmos SDK 47 and testing
- Validator expansion and token distribution discussion
- Community involvement and foundation delegations

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, October 8, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://z6a66fr3xktpajzb5upa5vnaxjls3e4skjeyhce46ctxuhk4fzja.arweave.net/z4HvFju6pvAnIe0eDtWgulctk5JSSYOInPCneh1cLlI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Artur Troian
- Dominikus Brian
- Scott Carruthers
- Hiroyuki Kumazawa
- B S
- Daniel Ishaya
- M R
- Rodri R

## Meeting Notes

### Akash Network Updates
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting, discussing the role of SIG Chain meetings in addressing Akash Network blockchain topics, particularly validator relations, network upgrades, and overall health.
- Highlighted recent async discussions in lieu of last weekâ€™s meeting to accommodate the heavy workload of the Overclock Labs Core Team.

### Cosmos SDK 47 Network Upgrade
- Tyler shared that the focus of recent efforts has been the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade, a significant project led by Artur and the engineering team.
- Artur provided a comprehensive update on the SDK 47 upgrade:
  - **Testing Approach:** Localized testing using snapshots from the mainnet for migration validation.
  - **Challenges:** High memory requirements, with upgrade processes needing over 384GB of RAM to run reliably. This memory demand has presented logistical issues in setting up sufficient test environments.
  - **Progress:** Artur shared confidence that testing could yield reproducible results soon, with hopes to proceed by weekâ€™s end.
- Artur also noted that this upgrade process has unblocked other network functionalities like basic blockchain interactions, state synchronization, and deployment creation.

### Validator Expansion and Token Distribution
- Dominikus raised questions on validator expansion, referring to Akashâ€™s Tokenomics document that suggests gradual increases in validator numbers.
- Artur responded that further validator increases could strain network performance due to latency issues, especially during periods of high transaction volume.
  - Emphasized the need for decentralizing token distribution among validators, though the current validator cap is considered sufficient.
  - Highlighted that anyone can create a validator, but they must secure adequate delegations to enter the active set.
- Tyler added that foundation delegations now require higher standards, including infrastructure robustness and technical capability.
  - Noted that as the network matures, foundation delegations are increasingly awarded to participants showing sustained, meaningful contributions to the Akash ecosystem.

### Community Involvement and Next Steps
- Tyler discussed the ongoing community testing initiatives, encouraging volunteers to assist with SDK 47 upgrade testing.
  - Mentioned that additional channels or Discord updates would provide information for interested community testers.
  - Urged community members to reach out if interested in joining the testing efforts and to stay active on SIG Chainâ€™s Discord channel for updates.
- Tyler concluded the meeting by reiterating the importance of community engagement in validator roles and thanked participants for their time and contributions.

## Action Items
- **Artur Troian:** Complete initial reproducible testing for the SDK 47 upgrade by the end of the week.
- **Scott Carruthers:** Continue developing the testing plan for network upgrades and coordinate with volunteer testers.
- **Tyler Wright:** Maintain updates on testing progress and share announcements on the SIG Chain Discord channel.
- **Community Members:** Reach out via SIG Chain Discord to join testing efforts for the network upgrade.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Chain monthly meeting today is October 8th. 2024 during the Special Interest group for the chain, This group comes together to talk about everything related to the Akash network BLOCKCHAIN. That includes validators relations network upgrades. And just the general health of the chain,

Tyler Wright: This meeting is led by members of the Overclock Labs Core Team who is built and maintains the Akash network. Usually we talked about again network upgrade related items this month especially and for the past few months we've been talking about the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade which is a massive undertaking led by our turn other members of the core engineering team.

Tyler Wright: I know last week we talked async and did not meet because there's just a number of heads down efforts going on again. There was proposal, let's put on chain to support all the work that turn. The rest of team have been doing that proposal pass on chain. And I know that we're getting closer and closer to testing and then potential network upgrade after against some initial internal testing some client testing and then beyond With that said, I will hand it over to Archer to talk about any updates or anything specifically, he wanted to talk about related to the Akash Blockchain.

Artur Troian: Thanks a Good morning, everyone. it's been quite a while. We can get an update on the Sdk47 and This sort of Could freeze. For the actual upgrade parts, a couple weeks ago and things don't quite well. We've been usually testing it locally just as a reminder, the way we do it is we take a snapshot from current We do think Old Test 95. That allows us to export. and Manet state into the Genesis are also validators set for test purposes and then just use that Genesis as the seed to the desktop and they're just make sure that all of the

Artur Troian: API changes and the migrations for working correctly. So the SDK 50 actually has the test notification done in place, but as we are trying to own different fight, there's no way. We can reuse that, also our test infrastructure and all of the environment is built using our approach, and I think we're gonna continue using it for the next to disable future. Anyways, one of the challenges that we have is because of some great is so massive. a one node during the upgrade phase must have seen in 70 gigabytes of RAM. So, To do Testing, you obviously need at least two preferably Make sure that the consensus is not broken so that just might multiply memory by three with safety margin.

Artur Troian: And you can see easily that really for the single tasks. It takes 384 too much 400 wives of RAM that. And You can easily get this machines distributed, but once again, you're random locally, we're trying to run them In the same machine you like local container or just wider to capture walks and make sure that everything is doing. All right there and that was sort of really challenging for us to get those machines. But I think we sorted the swings out and have environments at this stage. So as soon as I have confidence, that environment is producing reproducible results for the testing. You're just gonna cost understand diet and far up. I do hope that we do it this week.

Artur Troian: But it doesn't necessarily mean that all other work is done. Especially the provider part but that will unblock Everybody and start testing, just basic blockchain, things related to stay in top and sending deployment creation and so forth. Scott is working on the tests, sort of less plan on how things should be done, and you'll be communicating quite shortly. And I think that pretty much summarizes it, any questions.


### 00:05:00

Artur Troian: Right about you.

Tyler Wright: Appreciate that. Artur again, as Artur just stated, once the initial notify tests are passing. That'll unblock a number of other efforts, including documentation around some of the testing that will get done by, members of the sh Validation etc that have already volunteered their time and efforts to support some initial testing. So again, the idea to test everything across the network state game, just basic deployments etc, to make sure that everything is kind of working as planned, and As desired. I did want to see if anybody had any questions as pertains to next steps. For the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright: Again, you can kind of track all it's going on inside Github, both inside the projects and then elsewhere. I know the work is again open source, and public Artur continues to work on it. So, does anyone have any questions related to the Cosmos S 47 upgrade.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions or any topics that they wanted to discuss related to just the cash blockchain in general? Validators etc, that they wanted to bring up at this time? Go ahead, tell me.

Dominikus Brian: Yeah. Hi guys. I will have this little questions The numbers of validators. So I have been revisiting sort of the akas. Paper on the Tokenomics. And it says that the number of delegators and delegations and also validators in general going to increase over time. So we have increased so from 80 something to 100 in recently how this gonna go going forward, how fast that they increase going to happen.

Artur Troian: I know, so I don't think in general, the increase in the validators. Means to pursue some sort of effort and one of them was to sort of the centralized all of the tokens, right? The issue is we see in this stage, even they use the hundred qualitators, Second distribution is not sort of spread enough to fulfill those Unreadators and Keep in mind that increasing amount of validators has consequences, And one of them is increased latency, especially when I'm usually a huge models transactions and that just can imply on the health of the network.

Artur Troian: So to be frank with you, I'm yet to see the need to increase the gap. And if there's somebody else needs to become a validator, definitely writer was so far, 200 or 2,000 token state doesn't benefit natural or community as a thing, right? So I would say. There should be quite just 12 reason to input to increase the gap and I believe many networks, including Cosmos.

Artur Troian: Osmosis I believe they had a little concerns about resin up the limit. Just simply because of the performance construction. But do you have any particular reasons in mind?

Dominikus Brian: Yeah, because there is guys interested in, becoming file data and they're thinking about if it's possible for them to spin off, too. Actually a cusvale, daters could be independent team. but sortâ€¦

Artur Troian: The â€¦

Dominikus Brian: instead of one the sort of thinking, too,

Artur Troian: there is nothing preventing them from spinning, the validator, It's the question is they need to get delegations? And I don't see.

Dominikus Brian: Yes, that's fine.

Artur Troian: Yeah, and I don't think, they have to find a way to get a delegations. And being validator is just not only working getting the money. This is the question is either trust for the can I take my tokens there and so forth? And once again there's a huge concern from the development perspective and respect about performance and we've seen


### 00:10:00

Artur Troian: This is a 25% of existing active set the knowledge show on time for the network of gray and it really gives Susan Burden for entire team to reach out and building them doing them, great times. And it's gonna be just worse. And if you increase the amount threshold on that Tuesday, actually data. But once again, everybody can create a holiday, it's not

Artur Troian: It's not the creation of the validator is limited in just the amount of interactive style that. So if they create every data and they get an obligations by themselves to at least start or some like a set of mentioned, there is the foundation, delegation they do, something you do for community, they can get delegations as well, so that can help. But just too much to summarize my point. It's not just feasible this moment to do that.

Dominikus Brian: Okay, great, thank you. ideally proactive and then supportive kind of Played data set, maybe also delegated delegations will be more of interest if they are invested in a long term and active toward contribution. Okay.

Tyler Wright: yeah, I'll just add

Tyler Wright: As I participated in the program and help create the framework. Again, if you look at the discussion that I've attached in the Chat, for foundation delegations. the core is looking for folks that are, interested in kind of smaller Drips, there are requirements for receiving foundation delegations, and the idea is that you are contributing something meaningful and long-term to the akash network projects. So I think in the past especially when the network was very new up time and voting was, the criteria think. Now there's so much interest from so many teams and individuals that are looking to validate on their cost network that the criteria for receiving foundation delegations that's just gone up. There's just more And as Artur

Tyler Wright: And we are interested in folks with the proper infrastructure and the technical capabilities and those are hands-on. Because again in historically there have been a couple of folks in the active set that have not been as technical or hands on So as a network continues to mature again, the validating set values that will continue to mature. I don't know if it necessarily needs to grow but it's Artur mentioned. Anybody can set up a validator on Akash it's just about having the proper amount of tokens to get into the active set which is at a hundred right now and I don't think there's any plan. To increase that anytime soon.

Tyler Wright: Any other topics related to their cost blockchain network, upgrades or validators that anybody wants to discuss right now.

Tyler Wright: All again, anticipate hearing from members of the core team sometime soon, on initial testing cases, I know there's some people on this call and in the community, what are going to be listening to this call later that have already again volunteered? Their time to help those people will be called upon when it's time to do some initial testing. So, look out for announcements there, we may have a couple of improv who meetings or Howard or set up a channel for those are testing. So again, just look out for some more information discord. If you want to get involved and have them reached out yet, please reach out to myself or another member of the core team. And we'll point you in the right direction just announce yourself in SIG, Chain Discord, channel.

Tyler Wright: For Appreciate the update from Archer much appreciate the conversation again, we will be working together. I'm sure soon on all things related to sick chain over the next couple of weeks especially in testing and then there will be updates on when a network upgrade is scheduled and we'll make sure all validators and all folks in the community are aware of that. But again, appreciate everyone time today. I hope everyone has a great rest of your day and we'll talk online soon. I'm sure.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.


### Meeting ended after 00:20:09 ðŸ‘‹

