# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda
- Final preparations and discussion on the Mainnet 13 intermediate network upgrade  
- Validator coordination and expectations  
- Performance improvements and upgrade procedures  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday,  March 12, 2025  
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants  
- Tyler Wright  
- Artur Troian  
- Zeke Ezagui  
- B S  
- Damir Simpovic  
- Dimokus  
- Maxime Beauchamp  
- Rodri R 

## Meeting Notes

### Network Upgrade Day: Mainnet 13  
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting by acknowledging that the session coincided with the scheduled Mainnet 13 upgrade, serving as an intermediate step before the Cosmos SDK 47 migration.  
- This upgrade has been previously discussed in earlier SIG Chain meetings and shared widely across Discord, validator channels, and emails to stakeholders.  
- Centralized exchanges were also notified and prepared.  

### Upgrade Details and Expectations  
- Artur Troian explained the nature of the upgrade:  
  - The upgrade does not change the Akash API but does adjust its behavior to improve performance, especially for read operations used by Akash Console and provider services.  
  - Upgrade duration may vary based on validator hardware. In testing, it took approximately five minutes on a 64-core, 256 GB RAM machine, but may take up to 15 minutes in other cases.  
  - Validators should not worry if their upgrade process takes slightly longer than expected.  

### Rollback and Contingency Plan  
- A snapshot will be created at the upgrade height as a safety precaution.  
- In case of any post-upgrade issues, a new release can be prepared and the upgrade retried.  
- Thorough testing over the last two weeks has given confidence in the upgradeâ€™s stability.  

### Reminder on Build Instructions  
- Artur advised against using `go install` or `go build` directly.  
- Instead, validators should follow the official build instructions provided in the documentation to ensure reproducible and reliable builds.  
- The instructions and tools are open source and publicly accessible.  

### Validator Coordination  
- Tyler encouraged all validators to:  
  - Join the #validators channel on Discord for real-time updates and support.  
  - Share status updates after completing the upgrade.  
  - Contact Tyler or Zeke directly if facing access issues.  

### Closing Remarks  
- No questions were raised during the session.  
- Tyler thanked Artur and the broader team for their efforts and reminded everyone to stay alert as the upgrade approached.  
- The group is optimistic for a successful and smooth upgrade.  

## Action Items  
- Artur Troian: Monitor upgrade rollout and assist with any validator issues.  
- Tyler Wright: Share documentation, validate access, and ensure active communication in Discord.  
- Validators: Follow official build steps, report status, and stay responsive in the community channels.  
- All Participants: Be available and supportive during the upgrade window.  

## **Transcript**

Zeke Ezagui: Now it's recording and contracting.

Tyler Wright: All right, happy network upgrade day.

Tyler Wright: All right, I dropped some messages in various channels throughout the day. Again, we are about an hour and minutes away from the mainet 13 network upgrade. just want to take this opportunity during sick chain to see if there's any questions from any validators or anybody in the community. This is something we've been talking about as an intermediate upgrade prior to the Cosmos SDK 47 migration. so this is again something that has been actively talked about. I just wanted to see if there's anything that Archer wanted to touch on or see if there's any questions from anybody here. as we get ready for the network upgrade, I'll make sure that I'm going to drop in the docs and again some of the other items in the chat just for records sake. But this is something that has been talked about in previous SIG chain meetings and it's been distributed across Apache Discord and validator channels. Folks have been emailed

Tyler Wright: centralized exchanges have been prepped. so again, we're just preparing and just getting ready for the block to hit and then things should be good to go. Archer, I just want to see if there's anything specifically that you wanted to add.  Yes.

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks Just probably real quick. Do you guys hear me? all so it should be normal regular upgrades, nothing fancy just because it patches for stores and pretty much all of the records on the stores. It can take a little bit of time. depends on the performance of the machines for the validators I would say five it was from five to 10 minutes maybe 15 I'm going to keep so that from the things that we've seen here locally on the 64 core thread reaper with 256 gig of RAM it was taking about five minutes give or take it so

Artur Troian: shouldn't be too much worried if it takes a bit longer if we start seeing anything weird post upgrade or during So the procedure just in case of roll back pretty much we had it since I don't know how many upgrades back.  So we're going to do as a backup option. We're going to create snapshot at the upgrade height and then we just going to cut another release to do the new upgrade just in case. but that's going to be only if there's any issues and we did quite a thorough testing of this upgrade during the last two weeks. So we should be good on all the sites.

Artur Troian: The upgrade itself doesn't change API but it does change API behavior. So it improves the reading performance for certain stores which is much much needed by the console and really needed by the provider services. I think that's pretty much it for me questions.  They tell her about you.

Tyler Wright: Thank I just want to again see if anybody had any questions as we prepare for the Anything that they want to ask Archer right now while we're all here live.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: We'll head

Artur Troian: Yeah. So probably â€¦

Artur Troian: if there are no questions from people around here, I think I'll probably make one more comment about building things yourself. just make sure that you use the build instructions that we have and the tools that we have.  Reason being is not we're trying to control it but rather making sure that everybody uses their reproducible builds. All of the instructions and commands are open source and public. So do not try to build it with the go install or go build. It just simply will not work.

Tyler Wright: Thank Does anyone else have any other questions or anything else they want to discuss as it pertains to the network upgrade that's happening a little bit over an hour? All right. If there's nothing else, then we can end this meeting. Again, for all those involved as validators, please please get in the validators channel inside Discord just in case there's any issues. as you always do, provide status updates as upgrade is successful on your machines. much appreciate everyone that's participating here. thank you Archer again for all the work that you've been doing and leading these efforts and everybody involved in the testing process. we will see you all in a little bit over an hour. and again, looking forward to it. But appreciate everyone's time today. If there's any other questions, just drop them in the Vald Discord channel.

Tyler Wright: If anybody doesn't have access issues that should have access issues as a validator in the active set, please feel free to reach out to me or Zeke and we'll make sure you have access. But again, appreciate everyone's time and looking forward to a successful upgrade coming soon. Appreciate everyone. Have a good rest of the day. Thank you, Archer.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.


### Meeting ended after 00:08:07 ðŸ‘‹

