# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #27

## Agenda
* Status update on Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 migration
* JWT (AEP64) implementation and testing
* Contributor engagement and roadmap planning for Akash Network v1.0
* Community participation and foundation delegations update

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday,  May 15, 2025  
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://h5np6nxlal2wk4nj5iyeoxhvkvfqjch4lxowrebg6jh5k7dnodfa.arweave.net/P1r_NusC9WVxqeowR1z1VUsEiPxd3WiQJvJP1XxtcMo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants  
* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* Zeke Ezagui
* Rodri R
* Alex Pedersen
* AMerePotato
* AMJAD KOUBRI
* Jannick Haus
* Kenny R
* Mehrdad Sadeghi
* oÃ¯clid
* B S
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Opening and Context

* Tyler noted the meeting was moved from Tuesday to Thursday.
* SIG Chain is focused on validator relations, network upgrades, and core blockchain development.
* Community members were encouraged to follow ongoing items via the SIG Chain community GitHub repo.

### Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 Migration and JWT (AP64)

* The migration from SDK 45 to 47 remains a key milestone, now part of Akash Network v1.0.
* Intermediate upgrade was completed earlier to manage growing on-chain data.
* JWT implementation (AP64) aims to solve issues around accessing workloads during network halts.

  * JWT code is complete and in internal testing.
  * Testing will expand to clients and partners via a sandbox.
  * JWT removes dependency on MTLS, enabling signed certificates via trusted CAs.
* Community will be notified when JWT is open for broader testing.

### Akash Network v1.0 Planning

* The v1.0 milestone includes the Cosmos SDK 47 migration and associated improvements.
* Core engineering team is cleaning up old tasks and reprioritizing roadmap items.
* Current plan is to complete v1.0 work, including the SDK 47 upgrade, by September.
* Contributions and testing efforts for SDK 47 will be reopened post-JWT finalization.

### Roadmap Contributions and Governance

* AMJAD asked about infrastructure audits. Tyler shared the [public roadmap](https://akash.network/roadmap/2025/) and plans for a refresh.
* Contributors can get involved by joining SIG Chain and SIG Support calls.

  * Opportunities will be tagged based on whether theyâ€™re core team-led, community-led, or partnership-driven.
  * Developers are encouraged to share PoCs and technical specs during calls.
* AEPs [Akash Enhancement Proposals](https://github.com/akash-network/AEP/blob/main/INDEX.md) are the best way to propose new roadmap items.

### Community Contributions and Delegations

* Foundation delegation program is currently paused.

  * Contributors can still apply to be queued for consideration.
  * Tyler noted that Akash has multiple paths to funding outside of delegations:

    * Community pool proposals
    * Contribution programs like the one run by AMerePotato, which provides grants up to \$5,000
    * Working groups and SIGs presenting ideas and receiving feedback
* Contributors should join calls, submit discussions, and track open AEPs to get involved.

### Open Discussion

* Mehrdad Sadeghi asked for feedback on a [discussion post he shared](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/903).

  * Tyler encouraged him to share the link on Discord for more visibility.
* No corrections or additional updates were raised by Zeke or Scott.
* Scott confirmed the JWT implementation is currently their top priority.

## Action Items

* Core Team: Finalize and expand JWT testing, then resume SDK 47 work
* Community Members: Join SIG calls, track milestone items, and participate in AEP discussions
* Contributors: Use AEPs and GitHub Discussions to propose roadmap items and gather feedback

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, good day everybody. again this is SIG chain monthly meeting. The time has been updated I think from Tuesday to Thursday of this week. so I appreciate folks making the time. we'll get started another minute or so. So, feel free to get something to drink or eat and then we will get started.

Tyler Wright: All again, I'll wait another 30 seconds. and then we'll get started. All right. again, welcome everybody to SIG chain monthly meeting. The date is May 15, 2025.

Tyler Wright: during the SIG chain monthly meeting, the group comes together to discuss all things related to the Akash network blockchain. we talk about network upgrades, we talk about validator relations, all things again related to the core blockchain. Oftent times Archer leads us through some of the things that he's working on as he leads the core engineering team.  I believe that he was supposed to be able to make this but may have a blocker at this point. so I will go ahead and walk us through. again just a reminder that people can track all items related to SIG chain and all previous meetings of the SIG chain and the SIG chain community repo.

Tyler Wright: again there you can stay up to date with meetings follow along with everything that's kind of going on in terms of all items that the core engineering team and others contributors are thinking about as it pertains to in. One of the big items that I think we've been talking about since last year is the migration from Cosmos SDK 45 to 47. this is obviously a massive effort and as a network has continued to evolve and grow with more usage and trial wallets and some of the other things that have happened over the last six to eight months. again we had an intermediate upgrade believe a couple of months ago to try to manage a lot of the data that is on chain as of right now.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: During that upgrade, as participants, there were some other issues that we saw coming out of that network upgrade, especially around being able to access items during network upgrade times and authentication. The core team has been working on AP 64 a number of other efforts. but again with that work underway, I believe it's in testing now. the JWT implementation should make it easier and possible for folks to manage deployments again during network upgrades when maybe blocks aren't being produced.

Tyler Wright: Scott and Zeke can correct me if I'm wrong, but right now again the JWT implementation in terms of code is complete. the core engineering team is in the process of testing internally a lot of that code making sure that again the provider side of the experience and the entire experience is working as intended.  From there, the goal is for clients and various partners that are actively using the network to be able to test out again JWT implementation in a sandbox environment in a kind of semi closed but again allowing access for folks to test in a sandbox environment.

Tyler Wright: the JWT implementation. Cool. I'm going to drop in again a link to that specific ape so that folks can kind of track it on their own.  And again, this will be the next phase in some of the work that's being done by the core engineering team that again will have an effect on network upgrades as we continue to move forward. Any questions on JWT implementation? Again, we'll probably talk about that a little bit more D6 support as well, but just talking about it as it affects user experience during network upgrades. as we continue to move forward. All right.

Tyler Wright: next up, again, we'll talk about this in SIG support as well a little bit more, down the road, but just for everyone's situational awareness, members of our core engineering team have been going through the support repo to close outdated tasks, to look to rep prioritize.  I think there might be an activity to again maybe repp prioritize and retriage some of these items at the next six support meeting. But I just did want to call out to that end if you go to the six support repo where again everything related to the core lives if you go under milestones there's an akash network version 1.0

Tyler Wright: This will be a milestone that encompasses the again Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 migration. so again right now we've been blocked by a number of items and I know that Archer is doing some refactoring of some code. but again the Kas SDK 47 migration was blocked until the JWT implementation was complete. we're in the testing phases right now and then again the core engineering team will go back to rebasing code in terms of the Cosmos SDK 47 migration and then we'll start to populate a number of other issues inside the Sakash network version 1.0 milestone.

Tyler Wright: so again whether it be items related to the Cosmos FDK 45 to 47 migration or some other associated feature additions these will all be a part of version 1.0 with the intent that the confidence of the K 45 to 47 migration and this new AOS version 1.0 network upgrade would happen around September.  So again, planned network upgrades happening until around September where the Cosmos SDK 45 to 47 migration will happen along with some other features that the core engineering team is discussing and we'll continue to let the community know about. But again, I know there's a lot going on that front in terms of getting us ready for that again a version 1.0


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: and there'll be a number of items that people can ask questions about, get involved with as again the milestone gets built out further. I also am going to drop in again just a link and this will be added to the Sakash network version 1.0. but again you can track some of the efforts happening around the Cosmos SDK version 0.4.7 which will be a part of the Kosh network again v 1.0 right now you can see it's currently blocked and you can see folks are adding comments and dropping in items of things little future additions that could potentially be a part of this Cosmos upgrade version 1.0

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions about anything network upgrade related or anything blockchain related that they want to discuss right now with members of the core engineering team?  I want to thank Zeke and Scott are here andor we can again make sure this recording gets back to Archer and he can give some feedback async. But does anyone have anything related to the Akash network blockchain that they want to discuss? Go ahead.

AMJAD KOUBRI: Yeah. Hello everyone. I really love the work you guys have been doing around computing. so wonder if in your road map are you guys planning any audit in terms of infra and node anything coming up within the next couple of quarters?

Tyler Wright: Sorry, I was on mute. the roadmap for the AOA network is publicly available. You can see the things that are happening like the next six to eight months. I do know that before the next steering committee I do know that the core team is going to be working on some updates to the road map maybe doing some rep prioritization of some items that the core team is thinking about. again the road map is open source so there are other participants from the community that might have items that they think are very very important for adoption and maybe are looking to add them to the road map or rep prioritize.

Tyler Wright: So again you can follow the road map here at roadmap again this is a shameless plug I know that air potato also put a comment please let me know if there's any issues that need work that can be done by contributors one of the things that will be a part of the updated roadmap are just a couple of new ways to think about issues and contributions.  So there will be issues that we think the core team should be handling because of experience and security and maybe some other things. There'll be some items that we think teams in the community can contribute with the support of the core team.

Tyler Wright: And there might be some things that we think hey, it's probably easier for us to either acquire this or figure out how to get this on the AOS network through some sort of partnership as opposed to building it from scratch.  So, a couple of things that again our core engineering team is thinking about, but anybody in the community can also be thinking about and asking questions is items that maybe teams from the community or individual contributors can get involved with.

Tyler Wright: I would say to that end, if you're going to get involved in core contributions, it's probably imperative that you join the SIG chain and the SIG support on a monthly basis because that's your best chance to get in contact or get in front of the core engineering team where you can share proof of concept demos, tech specs, and get real time kind of insights from the core engineering team on implementation things as you're thinking  about specs, security concerns, access to maybe supplemental documentation to think about concepts and beyond. the discussions from the core team will be taking place in a couple of private meetings.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: and then findings from that and follow-up discussions will be happening during the steering committee where folks can give their feedback and look at updates to the road map. Again in terms of the road map, the source of truth for that road map is the AE repo.  So again, anybody can add to the roadmap by creating their own AAP again looking at the existing AAPs and then continuing to ask specific questions on implementation ideiation etc.

Tyler Wright: So, I will drop in a link to where AAPs live. and then I would say I would ask for folks that want to get involved or have a specific question about any of those items on the road map to again drop a comment inside of a specific AAP or inside that issue. Any other questions or thoughts about anything blockchain related? Again, is there anything that anybody wants to correct that I may have misspoken about? Looking at you, Zeke, andor Scott Cars, feel free to stay quiet.

Tyler Wright: I hit it on the head kind of through stuttering.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. No,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: there's not really anything I would that is. So, yeah, I think the most significant thing right now is the JWA implementation that initial testing was conducted on last week. so what we'll certainly be announcing that when it's available to the community for greater testing. but yeah, that's our core focus right now with a number of different things happening in the background. but yeah, I don't really have anything else to add.

Mehrdad Sadeghi: Hi, sorry I know it's kind of unrelated to this topic, but I just wanted to draw some attention to this discussion I posted in the discussion section. I'm working on an idea and I would love some community feedback around it. I'm just researching at the moment around the idea and if it's something that is a pain for the community.  So, if you can just give me some feedback and check it out, I really appreciate it. I just dropped the link in the Google Meet chat.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much. Again, just as a reminder and I have no problem with you bringing it up. you did a good job. I think you created a discussion. we're trying to get feedback from the discussion. If you could feel free to drop an additional message in Discord, I'll drop some messages some other channels. but it's good to get some feedback from the community on what you're building or what you're ideulating about. and then from there we could probably take some next steps.  It sounds like from a governance standpoint, if you're thinking about governance, you are in the right place. we do do some discussion as it pertains to governments and onchain governments during this SIG chain. so again we'll look for folks to get involved in discussion, ask any specific questions, etc. but I much appreciate you putting forth the discussion.

Tyler Wright: All right. anything else that anybody wants to talk about? I guess the only other thing that I will mention and this is just validator related so if anybody here sees is an insider or sees this in discord or otherwise just know we have a delegations program.  So this is a program that the core team manages again foundation delegations for those that are contributing meaningful items to the core codebase and our validators right now that program is currently on hold. our core team is working through some items internally.

Tyler Wright: so again u I've added some language talking about how foundation delegations are paused. People can fill out the application and just be added to the queue. but if you see anybody that's interested in foundation delegations what I say to people when I have meetings with them is unlike other web 3 projects because is mature we have a number of different ways for contributors to get involved.  foundation delegations is really not our vacash network's only money stream. so again there are teams that are validators by business or others that are trying to get large amounts of foundation validations again from a foundation. there are a number of other vehicles on the AOS network to get paid.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Amir Potato runs a contributions program where folks that want to contribute items that are less than$1,000 to $5,000 for contribution there's $10,000 available or $9,000 available on a monthly basis for folks that want to contribute to documentation or smaller efforts that are less than 20 hours. for those that want to do other efforts, again we have a community pool and a very very opinionated community.

Tyler Wright: so folks can do what you can see on the screen right now where folks can either IG in the cigar working group, put together a doc that they share in discord or put together a discussion that they put in GitHub, get feedback from different people push the idea forward maybe present any findings at a siger working group and then if there's momentum around that idea present during the steering committee and buy in before you put a proposal on chain for funds.  So again, there's a number of different programs where folks can get paid for their contributions that go well beyond foundation delegations, but just want to again just remind folks or let folks know that the foundation delegations program is paused right now.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's a lot of delegations already at work with a number of different validators but not looking to bring anybody new into the foundation delegations program at this point and we will let folks know when that All right. If there's nothing else then I'll certainly let you all go. Again, please get involved in discussion that was dropped in here. Discussion 903.

Tyler Wright: if there's any items that you have questions about in terms of ways to contribute, again, feel free to get involved. look at the join the SIG support call and leave a comment under a specific issue. You can see by prior issues are tagged by what repo they're involved in. so again, there's a number of ways at least to start a conversation and take next steps.  Much appreciate everyone's time today. Again, look out for updates in the milestones as it pertains to Akos version 1.0. Look out for updates as it pertains to JWT implementation and testing and just when it's live as a feature on the network. but again, if anyone has any questions between meetings, feel free to drop them in SIG chain or another respected channel.

Tyler Wright: But much appreciate everyone's time today. and looking forward to seeing you all at future meetings. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. again, there's no other SIGs this week. There's a look at the schedule for next week and looking forward to seeing you all at future SIGs and steering committee happening at the end of the month. Hope everyone has a great rest of the week, and we'll talk soon.

Rodri R: Sea lice.

Zeke Ezagui: See anybody?

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

oÃ¯clid: Live long andâ€¦

oÃ¯clid: prosper everybody.

AMJAD KOUBRI: Thanks everyone. Have a great day.


### Meeting ended after 00:29:00 ðŸ‘‹
