# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28

## Agenda

* Updates on Cosmos SDK 47 migration and timeline
* Validator requirements for upcoming upgrade
* Community testing and testnet timeline
* Presentation of a new block explorer (Zone Scan) by Dan Pavel Sinkovicz
* Discussion on block explorer sustainability, funding, and open-source concerns
* Availability of archival nodes for developers

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday,  July 8, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://zbpjm72vbgut6khtbgd5pchtadaqy5rcgpq6i5fsxz3vt77phuda.arweave.net/yF6Wf1UJqT8o8wmH14jzAMEMdiIz4eR0sr53Wf_vPQY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Artur Troian
* Dan Pavel Sinkovicz
* Rodri R
* Andrew Mello
* Joao Luna
* Scott Carruthers
* Zeke Ezagui
* Dimokus
* Kenny R
* Fenil Modi
* B S
* Jannick Haus
* Purity Ochuko
* AMerePotato
* Deathless
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Cosmos SDK 47 Migration Status

* Tyler opened the meeting with updates on the Cosmos SDK 47 migration.
* Artur confirmed that core engineering is now fully focused on the SDK 47 upgrade.
* Current tasks include:

  * Reviewing all changes and required fixes
  * Forward-porting updates from BFG and Cosmos SDK forks
  * Updating JSDK and modern provider repositories
* A testnet launch is planned for next week (mid-July), which will support chain testing and validator readiness.
* Resource estimates and hardware recommendations will be provided to validators.
* The network upgrade is tentatively scheduled for **September 29**, 2025, pending successful testing.

### Noble USDC and Packet Forwarding

* Yanuk raised a question about enabling Noble USDC payments on Akash.
* Artur clarified:

  * Current non-AKT payments are not natively supported and require complex manual steps.
  * Akash considered using packet forwarding but found the default implementation unsuitable.
  * A custom implementation from the Noble team is under review and may be adopted post-SDK upgrade.
  * Post-upgrade, enabling this will be a roadmap item to improve UX and token onboarding.

### Zone Scan Block Explorer Presentation

* Dan Pavel Sinkovicz presented "Zone Scan", a new block explorer built for Akash and other Cosmos chains.
* Key features:

  * Validator analytics: uptime, voting power, jailed status, commission history
  * Endpoints analytics: response time, uptime, failures
  * Governance views: vote breakdown by account and validator
  * Real-time consensus tracking during upgrades
  * Monitoring bots for upgrades, proposals, and validator status
  * Mobile-friendly design and cross-chain search
* Zone Scan is **not open source**, and Dan is seeking **\$750/month** funding via governance proposal.

### Funding and Open Source Concerns

* Artur responded that Akash cannot fund closed-source tools with community funds.

  * All tools funded through governance must be open source.
  * Alternatives like gated access or licenses with Akash-specific benefits could be explored.
* Tyler acknowledged that Mintscan (by Cosmos Station) now costs **\$10,000/month** per chain.

  * Community block explorers are increasingly important, and Zone Scan is a valid option, even if not eligible for current Akash funding.
* Artur and Tyler proposed that the Akash team would start working on an official **open-source block explorer**, funded via community pool and driven by community contributions.
* Rodri suggested a possible compromise: open-source Akash-specific version of Zone Scan while keeping multi-chain support proprietary.

### Archival Nodes Availability

* Andrew Mello raised a concern about the lack of public archival nodes for developers.
* Rodri noted that Damir Kimpa has one, and he used to operate one that went offline after a recent upgrade.
* Artur directed contributors to ping Zeke in Discord to receive snapshots for archive node setup.
* Tyler committed to following up with Andrew and ensuring solutions are shared with the community.

### Final Reminders and Announcements

* Tyler will share announcements regarding the testnet launch and validator hardware requirements in Discord.
* Developers and validators should hold off on Cosmos SDK 47-dependent work until the testnet is live.
* Danâ€™s presentation recording will be attached to a follow-up discussion.
* Artur encouraged participation in the upcoming AEP (Akash Enhancement Proposal) process for the community-led block explorer.

## Action Items

* Core Team: Finalize Cosmos SDK 47 testing and testnet deployment
* Tyler Wright: Share validator requirements and testnet announcements via Discord
* Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: Submit GitHub proposal and continue community engagement for Zone Scan
* Community Developers: Monitor AEP discussions for Akashâ€™s official open-source block explorer
* Andrew Mello: Follow up with Zeke for archival node access and snapshots
* All Validators: Prepare for SDK 47 upgrade by late August/early September, subject to successful testnet validation


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, good morning or everybody. we'll get started in another minute or so. but yeah, feel free to get a quick drink, quick bathroom, and then we'll get started.

Tyler Wright: All right, the recording is already underway. so again, without further ado, welcome everybody to SIG chain monthly meeting. Today's date is July 8th, 2025.  during the special interest group for chainblockchain. this group gets together to talk about all things related to the blockchain including network upgrades, validator relations. after we go through the typical agenda, there will be some time spent today from a member of the validator community that will be talking briefly about a block explorer.

Tyler Wright: We talked about this in SIG analytics but just want to give him a forum because it is chain related to talk about block explorer that he has been working on. but again we usually talk about all things related to the OS network blockchain.  For those interested all issues that are related to again the core we talked about this in six support live Inside the support repo in the issues area you can go to milestones and there is a milestone that's sick chain related related to again upgrades to the Cosmos SDK version 47 and a number of other things that the core engineering team is actively working on.

Tyler Wright: amongst other folks. So again this is a source of truth that folks can follow and stay connected on in terms of items related to plasmos 47 migration and additional work that is maybe core related or maybe sick chain related.  I do want to hand it over to Archer to talk about some of the things that have been going on the core engineering side as it pertains to Cosmos SDK and some other efforts that might be SIG chain related. So Archer, I'll hand it over to you.

Artur Troian: Hi everyone. all righty long time no chat probably. So the news we are I think finally getting back fully on the ZK47 upgrade. as of now we are just reating what amount of work needs to be done in terms of revising changes and  Some of the fixes needs to be forward ported. For example, we maintain now our own for BFG as well as Cosmos SDK and those have some important fixes. common BFG has been back forward ported but Cosmos SDK give us a little bit of headache.

Artur Troian: So hopefully during this week we will be able to port all those changes and then start updating the JSDK as well as modern provider repos.  Hopefully, if nothing goes our way, we start test net sometime next week and that will allow us to resume chain testing which includes just basic operations as well as network upgrade. Emphasis will be on the estimating resource consumption that will be needed for the upgrade itself.  So this upgrade will be massive and that will require quite participation from the validators in terms of preparing their validators hardware to the upgrade.


### 00:05:00

Artur Troian: we will be following up with that I seeing in discord but just as a reference the requirements that we have had for the last update is going to be at least like that but most likely higher.  So for now we are targeting to execute it sometime in August September but obviously the date will be more firm as soon as we wrap up all the testing and migrations. Any questions?  Okay, tell her about to

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Archer. again, please look out for updates. I'll make sure that the insiders know, Vanguards know as well when the test net is open. I know that there's a number of clients that will be using the test net to be able to make changes and test out their integrations on the Akash network so that folks are kind of in line and prepared for the network upgrade when it happens in August, September, etc. I think it's right now planned for September 29th. again completely dependent on how testing goes clients readiness etc.

Tyler Wright: I know a number of other items that we talked about in sync clients like some client libraries and some additional languages are kind of blocked until we at least get into this test net environment because again there's so many breaking changes across Cosmos SDK 47 migration. so I would say anything related to those efforts probably should be held off until the test net is live and then people can start once the new environment is live. then again there'll be some time for members of the community to get in there test integrations test various other items that they're working on.

Tyler Wright: Anyone have any questions around Cosmos SDK 47 migration? some of the efforts from the core engineering team or anything else related to again that network upgrade that is planned for September 29th as of right now but subject to change.  Yanuk asked a question in the chat about noble USDC payments on Akos. I know I believe this is something that is dependent on packet forwarding. Archer, do you have any thoughts on Noble USDC for payment on Akos?

Artur Troian: Yes and no. So right now the challenge is all the non AKT payments are kind of non-native and non-f fungeible.  So that means it's quite involved process from both sides tenants and the providers to get the funds onto the chain and then withdraw them. right now the initially we planned to add bucket forwarding for this thing to work.

Artur Troian: However, my kind of legacy discoveries was showing that the upstream implementation of pocket forwarding is not suitable for us. However, I was checking with other chain. I don't know what chain was it. I need to check my notes. But I think that was actually from the noble team. So they have their own pocket forwarding implementation kind of like on top of existing one.  which I think covers all our needs. So the plan will be as following. we do upgrade to the Cosmos SDK and after that if all goes good we will put the foring on the road map and get it done.

Artur Troian: So that way we'll be able to breach any settle point in reward.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions about anything chain related that anybody wants to make sure gets discuss Again, look out for announcements and public channels around the test net. and please please I'll share some messaging with Amir Potato as well to make sure that folks can get involved. Yanik followed up and said, "All right, because we currently have a double wrapped Axelr USC on a cash for payment which results in a bad UX for bridging." just generally


### 00:10:00

Artur Troian: So yeah, So there is no difference with the xe until we have pocket forwarding and all this gibberish around it, it will be exactly the same experience as with the XLR.

Tyler Wright: Again feel free to drop any other questions related to the network upgrade Cosmos SDK47 migration. again there will be some announcements made as it pertains to upcoming test net for folks to test out just basic functionality as well as integrations that they're working on as well as further announcements made to the validators around infrastructure needs as we get ready for the next upgrade and what validators will need to be ready for the next upgrade.

Tyler Wright: So, please look out for those things and if again, please share those announcements with others If anybody has any other agenda items that they want to make sure they discuss, please drop them in the chat. I do want to give Dan, a member of the community, a couple of minutes to go over a block explorer that he has been working on. again, I believe there's a discussion that's going to be coming up soon. Right now, I think one of the gold standards for block explorers is I think Minscan is going to be changing their business model. and so there's going to be a fee associated with Minscan.

Tyler Wright: I know that many of the members of the community use Minskan obviously for a basic block explorer functionality but also use it as a kind of a source for doing countdowns and planning potential network upgrades and doing some items there. I believe Dan who's again a validator on Akasha a number of other chains is building a block exord pool that has a number of I think really interesting functionalities especially for folks during network upgrades. So I did want to give Dan maybe one or two minutes.

Tyler Wright: He already talked about this and did a demo during SIG Analytics, but I just want to give him some time during SIG chain to again re reintroduce himself to some folks and quickly go over some of the functionality with his block explorer pool really focusing on some of the items that maybe validators and others that are doing network upgrade related stuff can benefit from.  So, Dan, if you're able to speak, happy to pass the mic over to you to talk a little bit about some of the work that you've been doing.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: Hey I hope you can hear me well enough. so I'm Dan from Cosmos Stakes. we've been validating on a cashache network for more than two years now. and we started building zone scan which is our blockchain explorer about half a year ago. I'm just going ahead and presenting sharing my screen so you can see zone scan. let me share the link with all of you so you can access the website yourself when you want to. just going straight to the most interesting stuff. So basically it has everything a blockchain explorer has So I will focus just on the more side.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: a few points to note that we tried our best to make the user experience and user interface modern and intuitive. So I hope you find it that way. so just going through the unique features we have.  So first of which is the analytics which you can see the up time ic voting power historic commission and then you can see on the calendar the up time if it's been jailed inactive and so on as you can see in the legend you can click on it and also see more details about that day and the same goes for endpoints we also track endpoints let me change the chain cuz


### 00:15:00

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: this doesn't have many of them. so we also track endpoints up time and down time and response time. It's basically the same as the validator more or less. also has a calendar here. so what else? we also do for governance proposals. let me change the chain.  So for governance proposals sorry not here rushing a bit here. So for governance proposals we also store all the votes we index the data we show them here in the list for validators and we also show the accounts votes.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: and then the one Taylor mentioned is basically this which is a live real view how would you call it a live state of the blockchain. So what it does is just pulls block the latest block data and displays the votes of all of all the validators but you can also stop it and stay paused if you wanted to. You can also go back you can also put a custom block height in here which I'm not going to do because we're a bit time constraint. So for the consensus one this is very useful during software upgrade. So here what we do is just come here and see which validators have upgraded which haven't upgraded. So we can ping them on discord or whatever.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: And about in regards to proposals, we also have and software upgrades, we also have monitoring bots, which I'm not sure why they're not loading, but so if you come here, utilities, upgrades, there's a bot here. You can access it here.  So for instance goes to all the blockchains the bot supports subscribe to them and receive subscribes notifications. You can check your status here unsubscribe and So basically this will send three notifications so 3 hours 1 hour and 5 minutes before the software upgrade.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: We also have the same type of bots but for validator endpoint downtime and governance proposals which is much they're all the same. they just think you about different things. So the whole website is also optimized for mobile devices as you can see here. yeah that's pretty much it I believe. And you can also search crosschain here anything you want. So across all chains if I look for my vitor for instance you receive all chains where this search criteria is matched.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Again,â€¦

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: So yeah that's pretty much it. Let me know if you have any questions.

Tyler Wright: feel free. I think there's going to be a discussion that's going to be following. I saw Archer had his hand raised. Archer, feel free.

Artur Troian: Yeah. â€¦

Artur Troian: love it. Thank couple questions. is it open source?

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: No, it's not. It's closed.

Artur Troian: Do you plan to monetize it.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: Yes, we do plan to monetize. Yes, we already in talks with provenence. We are already taxing with CK network as well and a few other teams.

Artur Troian: I say I see.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: So yes.

Artur Troian: So what's then the challenge right now is main scan is because they go pretty much by the pay wall and I see some differences between them and your block explorer but he's going to be the pay wall I think is going to be kind of issue. So you looking for the finding as well?

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: What was the question? Sorry. yes,â€¦

Artur Troian: Are you looking for the finding from a car team as well?

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: I plan on creating a governance proposal discussion on GitHub. Yes, it would be $750 per month for zone scan and then for a caral node,â€¦

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: but we are already working on indexing all the data on a local database. So depending on when this proposal will go ahead then maybe there's a chance it will be on a 750 per month.


### 00:20:00

Artur Troian: I say so unfortunately the proposal does not comply with requirements that we have on the accasha network. of everything that is been funded by a cash open source. So that's the requirement and I'm not sure how we're going to go from there.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: Yeah, I mean if I open source this then what's the business model?

Artur Troian: Yeah, I understand it.  But idea of Akash proposals and Akash funding is that all of the users of Kash network benefit from it and in this particular use case if we find closed source projects and our cash users won't be able to use it only the team or person that benefiting from it is going to be  So I'm sorry for the bad news but unfortunately this proposal will not be able to pass us on we mean if there are ways to open source it so you can still hear me out you can still open source it and put it behind a payw wall and give the users opportunity from a cashache network for example to have a free access for full features

Artur Troian: I know it's challenging but somehow you can validate it. So you can validate if this particular user has a cashache address and get that user access to the explorer. but you will have to figure out then under what license to publish it.  So who can reuse the solar squad for the commercial purposes for open source purposes and so on so forth. So that's kind of the response from the team here. Yeah. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I do think that that is very good feedback. I would still say that Dan should move forward with I know that you've been heads down a number of things. One of the things that has been presented to us as of recently is the Cosmos Station the team behind Minscan now has had to change their business model. and so they are requesting $10,000 per month from each protocol for continued maintenance and delivery of a block explorer. U and so whether it be open source or closed source I think there is a need for some sort of block explorer that benefits the community.

Tyler Wright: and so this is just another option brought forth by a validator. I saw

Artur Troian: I think we just Yeah,â€¦

Artur Troian: I think we just going to put the AB for the block explorer and just work on the Akash specific one because it's at this point like the pro.  So then it looks really good but once again because it's completely third party at the end it's not going to be usable on the databases by anybody on the cache for a number of reasons. One is the pay wall. So at this stage like relying on the third party explorer just kills user experience.  So the team would rather work on AP and making the aash block explorer and make it open source and that's pretty much I think this going to be the case.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good. Go ahead. Roger, if He might have dropped off. no. You're still there.

Tyler Wright: You might be on mute if you're speaking.

Rodri R: Yeah, sorry.

Rodri R: It was maybe just an idea for Dan for Archer. I agree that I mean it should be open source. Maybe a version that's only for a chain which is open source and then if it's multi-chain close all the other chains or something like that. I don't know if it's possible.

Artur Troian: I don't know. I mean there been a bit deeper. There have been another one once again that creates an issue. Once again, I admire that you guys doing work and I understand your need to run it as a business model which is absolutely fine. So you feel free to do it. What I'm just saying is that we need to rely on the block explorer for a cashache network needs to rely on it for a number of reasons.  it's just not good user experience and other things. I personally used means scan and now it seems to be I just cannot do it anymore. So it simply means right now for example on Ethereum or on Salana you just go there and use scan for their explorers for free.


### 00:25:00

Artur Troian: So that's kind of one of the necessities of the chain and at this stage for us it just makes sense to develop owner funded through the community pool and then do the support and maintenance through the community pool.  So that way we know and we control what kind of features on this thing and pretty much entire life cycle.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: All right. Yeah, that I understand. Yeah, for which is fine. Yeah. how scan works is we basically have the core Cosmos SDK modules which apply to all chains. So we basically just open source everything. We cannot really do that.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I get it. Look, I'm not kind of debating your model and reasoning behind it. that's absolutely fine. So, what we're saying is unfortunately at this stage is just like we kind of divert on needs.  So you have your own needs and then there are the needs of entire community on the network and I know I'm pivoting discussion right now to a car specific block explorer but t I think we just need to and move on with that for the needs.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good to me. Sounds like a couple people dropped

Artur Troian: so then you feel free to work participate in the AAP and discussion for a specific explorer and we will be putting the funding for this particular explorer for this explorer and we will be encouraging  community members to participate in developing it. So if you want to do that you can work participate there as a developer. So that's pretty fine.

Tyler Wright: Thank There's also a couple of other community members including Rodri and Andrew Melo that have also dropped in other block explorers that I think are either open source or available to the community right now free of charge that people can use actively right now. All right. we talked about block explorer. Thank you, again, we could talk offline or you can continue to move forward. through the process however you see fit. I will include the video from this discussion for the sake of the community. but I did want to see if there was any other chain related topics that anybody wanted to bring up at this time.

Tyler Wright: Andrew Melo just asked or just made a statement, I guess, full archive node. is that a question is or are you in need of something specific, Andrew, that you would like to call out publicly during the sick chain call? He may not be able to speak right now.

Artur Troian: Yes, if you mean about the for explorer. Yes, we do have frog.

Tyler Wright: I think Andrew there are archival nodes that I think are available to the community. You said you need for developing apps. I'm guessing those archival nodes don't suit your needs. Is it possible for you to describe more specifically what kind of archival node you're looking for? Cool.

Tyler Wright: it sounds like Andrew believes there are no publicly available archival nodes. Is that Go ahead, Roger.


### 00:30:00

Rodri R: I know that Damir Kimpa has one. I used to have one, but it went down on the last network upgrade and I haven't gotten it back up. I need a snapshot and I haven't been able to get a snapshot for starting again the archive note.

Tyler Wright: Cool. â€¦

Artur Troian: give ping to Z in Discord so he'll be able to help you out with that.

Rodri R: Sorry I didn't hear you

Artur Troian: Give a pin to Zeke Zag in Discord. So, he should be able to help you out with

Tyler Wright: Roger Zeke can help you get a snapshot if you need. for Andrew's question, besides the mirror, is there not another archival node that Andrew can access? it's like he says he has a capacity to sync or deal with multiple terabyte files.

Tyler Wright: not an issue on hardware on this end,â€¦

Tyler Wright: but sounds good.

Artur Troian: Just real quick I mean this becomes completely specific user issue andâ€¦

Artur Troian: that can be solved absolutely easily in the discord chat. So I don't think we need to talk about it on the C chain.

Tyler Wright: It hasn't been solved yet, but I will follow up to make sure it's been solved. I think he's been already putting message in Discord multiple times, but heard you loud and clear. Andrew, I'll follow up with you to make sure that there's a sufficient done today in the next 30 minutes. it's crypto and coffee. any other chain related topics that anybody wants to discuss while we're here live? Cool.

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, I'll follow up with the notes, recording, and rip if there's a discussion that follows from Dan then I'll make sure that transcript and recording are attached to that discussion. Look out for a related to a block Again, great discussion there. and then we'll look to get folks involved on that topic. again a lot of work is going on from the core engineering team around the Cosmos SDK 47 migration there. Look out for announcements sometime soon around a test net environment that folks can get access to again test basic functionality and test any integrations.

Tyler Wright: and then if you're a validator on Akos again, please stay tuned in Discord for some announcements coming soon on required infrastructure as we get ready for this massive network upgrade happening sometime potentially late August. but really scheduled for September 29th right now, subject to change. So again, look out for a number of announcements in Discord and other channels. and again if there's nothing else then much appreciate the conversation today and we will follow up between meetings in Discord or elsewhere but I'll get some answers for some things that we talked about here today and looking forward to seeing you online. Thank you very much y'all. Have a great day.

Dan Pavel Sinkovicz: Have a great day.

Rodri R: You guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:35:34 ðŸ‘‹

