# Akash Network - Chain Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda
- Updates on Cosmos SDK 53 network upgrade  
- Status of escrow account top-up feature (AEP75)  
- Testnet readiness and validator resource requirements  
- Provider-related issue blocking insider testing  
- Planning timeline for the official network upgrade  
- Communication strategy for validators and community  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, September 16, 2025  
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright  
- Artur Troian  
- Scott Carruthers  
- AMerePotato  
- B S  
- Fenil Modi  
- Kenny R  
- Zeke Ezagui  

## Meeting Notes

### Network Upgrade (Cosmos SDK 53)
- Tyler Wright confirmed this monthly meeting was shifted a week later due to schedule conflicts and will continue on a monthly cadence.  
- Artur Troian reported progress on the network upgrade, highlighting the code freeze phase and successful integration of the escrow top-up feature (AEP75).  
- This feature enables escrow accounts to be funded from multiple sources, not just grants, enhancing flexibility for network users.  
- Internal testing for the feature was successful and it has been integrated into the console.  
- Minor testing issues were identified but resolved during internal testing.  

### Testnet and Upgrade Preparation
- The testnet is now fully up and running, open for community participation.  
- Console team integration work is ongoing, and the testnet will be released to insiders once a provider issue is resolved.  
- Validators are advised to prepare infrastructure with at least 128GB of RAM and double that for swap space.
- One more round of validation testing will confirm the minimum requirements.  
- The tentative upgrade date of September 24, 2025, may be shifted to October to allow adequate proposal and preparation time.  
- Final upgrade date will be announced by the next SIG Chain meeting.  

### Community and Communication
- Timing of the upgrade will be strategic to minimize disruption, as Akash supports many active projects.  
- Announcements and validator requirements will be shared across Discord, the support repo, and other public channels.  
- Roadmap updates will reflect finalized upgrade timing and validator guidelines.  
- Participants were encouraged to direct questions to the SIG chain Discord channel or the support repo milestone.  

## Action Items
- Core team to finalize validator hardware requirement tests and share results in Discord.  
- Console team to resolve outstanding provider issue before releasing testnet to insiders.  
- Community insiders to be onboarded for next phase of testing once provider issue is cleared.  
- Core team to confirm and announce the new network upgrade date by the next SIG Chain meeting.  
- Update roadmap and public documentation to reflect changes and requirements for the upgrade.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: Good Tuesday. Can everyone hear me? All right, we'll get started in a couple of minutes. I know the recording is already automatically begun. but again, we'll wait for a couple more folks to trickle in.  I know Archer will be joining us in a couple of minutes. and we'll get started soon.

Tyler Wright: All right. again, happy Hope everyone's doing well. It is Tuesday, September 16th, 2025. This is the SIG chain This monthly meeting was moved back a week because there were some conflicts with some schedules last week, but it usually is the first or second week of each month.  You can track all of the notes at GitHub. in the community repo there is an area for SIG chain and you can track again all previous meetings that have happened during that time. just want to see if there's any agenda items that anybody wants to make sure get discussed.

Tyler Wright: if not then I will again go through our typical agenda during this special interest group for the blockchain. We go over all things related to the Akash network blockchain. this includes network upgrade validator relations and beyond. so again in previous meetings we've talked about validator items, we've also talked about network upgrades and you can track all items related to the network upgrade that is coming soon. via the SIG chain ticket for consoles CK 53. But again, out of previous meetings, there was some testing that was going on from the core engineering team around basic functionality. and I think we've moved into putting together a group of community insiders that are going to be doing some initial testing, but I think we're waiting for the core engineering team is going through a couple items.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: So, I'm going to head hand it over to Archer to talk about some of the items that have come up over the last couple of weeks and the plan for the next couple of weeks as it pertains to the Cask 53 upgrade. And then again, if anybody has anything else that they want to talk about as it pertains to the Kosh network blockchain, feel free to drop it in the chat and we can talk about it after. So, Archer, feel free to take it away.

Artur Troian: Hello everyone. Righty. What we've got I think as of last s chain we have quite a lot of things that going on.  So there was a code freeze and then client team from overclock labs for the console requested one feature that is actually particularly important not only for the console but for other network users and that was ability to top up escrow account from different sources not only from the grant but from pretty much anybody on the network would just if they desire so to top up the escro account

Artur Troian: and get deployment going and that all led us to the AP75 and we've been kind of focused on that thing for a little while and as of I think two weeks ago we kind of completed the feature and testing went extremely well.  So at this moment the feature has been integrated into the console and been tested.

Artur Troian: other than that there are a couple minor things related to the testing that has been discovered during the internal testing phase but as of now I think we are having the test net fully up and running for everybody to participate and we are pretty much waiting for the console team to give us a green light when they are ready and we can start preparing for them network upgrade.  So we have been thinking about September 24th I believe. I'm not sure if it's going to be that date simply because we need to have a week for the proposal itself and the cons console team is still being kind of working on the integrations. So we're going to be looking for a new date.

Artur Troian: It's going to be likely sometime in October and I think saying by the next s chain we should already know when exactly this upgrade will happen. we have done some testing in terms of how much resources that we'll require for each validator and right now it's kind of 128 gigs of RAM and at least double of that for the swap. we're going to run one more round of testing just to make sure that this is the minimum recommended configuration and we will post results in various channels including discord as soon as we have those numbers.

Artur Troian: and I think that is pretty much it from the chain upgrade and then team has gathered to kind of discuss what we're going to do next and I think we have quite a few exciting things to share in upcoming months. So once we complete network upgrade we will be kind of sharing what's next coming up on the chain in the next half a year or so.  I think that is it from my side. Scott, do you have anything to add to the test net?

Scott Carruthers: No. Yes, we've had some stable releases on testn net for a couple of weeks. There's a minor provider issue that we're resolving before we release it to the insiders and then further from there. So, yeah, not much else to add, but obviously some key members on the team here at Tyware and Air Potato andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: and others will obviously let you know when we can release the insiders on testing.

Tyler Wright: Thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Archer. does anyone have any questions about anything as it pertains to the network upgrade? As Scott mentioned, there'll be announcements made for that group when testing can continue after the provider issue is resolved. And then additionally again the network upgrade timing will be shared. The road map item will be updated and we'll work with the community to come up with a time and date that makes sense for everybody.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: again there's so many folks that are actively using the network right now that timing needs to be strategic on a number of fronts because Akos is a backbone of many projects.  So something again that the core team will work very closely with the greater aos community to figure out a network upgrade time that works for validators and just works generally for the community.

Tyler Wright: anything else as it pertains to the network upgrade or otherwise that anybody wants to discuss if not then we can keep this meeting brief. again there will be a number of updates that'll be made in public channels in Discord elsewhere. but we're really in a countdown phase as we get ready for a network upgrade to console sensor K53. This is again a massive upgrade. Archer has talked about I think there's documentation available to those that want to understand from a validator side what infrastructure is needed.

Tyler Wright: but again the look out for a number of announcements and please if anybody has any questions about the network upgrade what's next just point them in the direction of the SIG chain discord channel and they can stay up to date on things between meetings or just send them to the support repo where all things related to core kind of live and there's a milestone related to again a network upgrade associated events

Tyler Wright: Time today. much appreciate everyone watching this later. again, look out for further announcements as we continue to countdown to this network upgrade that'll be happening soon. So, appreciate all those that are involved in the testing process. again, clients that'll be involved in the testing process in the near future and yes, looking forward to another successful network upgrade happening soon. Thank you again everybody.

Scott Carruthers: Say

Tyler Wright: Thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Thank you all. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and we will talk soon. Bye.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Artur Troian: See you.


### Meeting ended after 00:15:24 ðŸ‘‹
