# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda
- Discuss progress made since the last call and identify new initiatives to work on.
- Review of the community initiatives and programs that have been developed and launched, including the Insiders and Vanguards programs.
- Discussion and feedback on the community initiatives within Akash.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, March 14, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Notes
- During the meeting, Adam Wozney, Head of Community for Akash, kicked off the call and began recording the session. 
- Adam provided a reminder of the purpose of the Community-SIG, which is to discuss, support, and manage Akash community initiatives.

### Community Programs 

Adam Wozney provided an update on Akash Community programs:

- **Insiders program:** Volunteer-based program for people who want to get more involved in Akash activities.
Members can participate in various activities, from joining discord channels to developing content.
Currently has 50 members globally. Adam clarifies that the insiders program, being totally volunteer-based, does not need to go through a governance proposal. However, the vanguards proposal would have to go through that process because it requires resourcing. Long-term vision is to have a presence in every time zone. Adam Wozney is still onboarding new members.
- **Vanguards program:** Paid community support representatives.
Members dedicate part of their time to helping support community questions.
They can also choose to participate in other activities, such as events or content creation.
Adam Wozney invites anyone interested in the program to send him a DM on Discord.
- He explains that payments for the program currently go out through OverclockLabs team, but they want to switch to a community-funded and supported activity. 
- Adam is working on a governance proposal to be posted on Github for discussion, which will include information about who the individuals in the program are, their responsibilities, and how to support their initiatives. The goal is to get some resourcing from the community fund to support those initiatives and onboard more vanguards to participate in community activities consistently.

### **Note Taking**
- Adam thanks the participants who have volunteered to help take notes during the numerous meetings that take place in the New Year.
- Adam mentions that it is virtually impossible for the OverclockLabs team to support all these meetings and take notes for posterity.
- He expresses gratitude for those who raised their hands to help take notes and mentions that he has a rough document that displays the structure of the notes taking idea, which he will share with the note-takers.


### Community Contribution Page

- During the meeting, Adam Wozney brought up the topic of creating a Community Contributions page in Akash Network website. 
- Adam explained that the purpose of the Community Contributions page is to provide a place where people can see what the community is building and what contributions have been made so far.  
- Adam mentioned that he had submitted a pull request for the Community Contributions page about a month ago, and it had recently been approved. 
- The page will be split into videos and written guides.
- The idea is to have a central repository for anyone interested in Akash to learn more about what the community is building
- The page is expected to be live by the next call

### Discussing Topics From The Previous Community SIG Call
- Adam explained that he has been leading and putting together their ambassador or insiders program, events and different community activities. With the new framework, community members have the opportunity to participate in community activities and develop their own strategies through governance proposals and discussions which is the core behind the Community Special Groups.

**2023-events Working Group:** The 2023-events Working Group was formed to determine which events Akash should attend, the resources needed, and who would participate in them. [A governance proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/99) was put together and listed on GitHub for potential events Akash should attend. The budget was also allocated for these events.
- The next step is to get the proposal on-chain for a governance vote.
- Adam Wozney highlighted that all the details are available on the github discussion and discord channels for transparency and community feedback.
- He also mentioned upcoming events and the need to know the resources available before committing to them.

**Akash Hackathon Working Group:**  Adam discussed the progress of the HACKATHON idea and aims to launch it within two months and complete it by the summer. Adam mentioned that a Work group call was made to discuss the resourcing and roles for the hackathon.
- Adam is hoping to get feedback by the end of the week to put together a proper governance proposal and work with a validator to get the proposal on-chain for voting.
- Adam explained that, it will take time to put the hackathon together, and roles such as managing, creating rules, marketing, and partnering with sponsors need to be allocated.
- Adam has started the process of bidding on the tooling and resources for the hackathon, and Devpost and DoraHacks has been considered as a potential partner.


**Crew3 Working Group:** a Web3 community building tool, was discussed
- Andrew and Robert are noted as leading the Crew3 effort, but there are no updates to share at the moment
- Adam offers to support the effort and directs the group to the Discord channel for updates
- Adam suggested that the participants can catch up on this later on and continue the discussion on the discord channel.
- Robert asked if they should add a Crew3 update to Github. Adam suggested that they wait until they've discussed it further in working group calls and on Discord, and agreed that they need resourcing before they add it to Github.

### New Community Initiatives

 Adam Wozney brought up two small things that he had realized during the EthDenver conference. First, people are very passionate and excited about Cosmos. EthDenver had 10x more Cosmos-related activities than the previous year, and there is no animosity between the Cosmos and Ethereum communities. Second, there isn't alignment on community activities that are happening between projects, and some projects don't have proper community representation.

To address this, Adam has taken upon himself to start reaching out to different Cosmos projects and finding individuals or small groups of individuals that are leading community strategy for those projects. He wants to bring them together in a working group to align community strategies and support each other. 


Adam also noticed that there is no repository of all the Cosmos in-person activities happening around the world in 2023 and has created a spreadsheet to keep track of them and plans to share it in the Discord channel. The idea behind this is to avoid missing out on events as it happened last year.

### Other Matters Discussed.
Coney Daddy is working on a saga video and has been busy, but he's glad to make it to the community call.
Andrew Gnatyuk expresses concern about the impact of taking 10% from the community pool for events on the token price.
Adam Wozney responds to the concern by explaining that events are not a perfect science and the proposal has rough math around different tiered events. He mentions that the resources needed for events would go from the community pool into a separate wallet and all the unused resources will go back into the community pool at the end of the year. He also notes that from his experience, the actual cost of events is generally much less than the initial budget.

## Action Items
- The Crew3 Working Group will provide updates on the Discord channel and discuss further in working group calls.
- The 2023-events Working Group will get the proposal on-chain for community voting.
- Adam Wozney to put together a proper governance proposal for the Hackathon idea and work with a validator to get the proposal on-chain for voting.
- Adam Wozney to start reaching out to different Cosmos projects and finding individuals or small groups of individuals that are leading communities.
- Adam Wozney to work on a governance proposal to switch payments for the Vanguards program to a community-funded.
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, so cool, kicking things off here right now, just started the recording. I think Robert will join in a second. A little bit smaller turnout than the last community call. I think the last one was the first one we did. So everyone wanted to jump in and kind of see what was going on, but um, I'm assuming we'll kind of have ebbs and flows and the number of people that join, but it's all recorded for posterity. So for folks that can't join this call and you're watching the recording. Thank you for watching this. I have a handful of things to kind of cover today. Um covering what we covered in our last community. Call Um and then I wanted to open it up to you guys for some thoughts and feedback and questions on what we're doing in terms of community within Akash.

Adam Wozney:  so, just by way of definition, I thought it'd be good to kind of remind everyone the way I'm kind of thinking through the community SIG Working Group or the Community say group, Really this purpose of this kind of organization is to discuss support and manage Akash your community initiatives. That can be pretty broad from our last call. We actually had some working groups formed which will cover here in a second. We decided to reopen the Akash Education Working Group or SIG.

Adam Wozney:  And there are a few other things that we discussed in our last call that will kind of cover here in a second. But I'm basically that's kind of what the purpose of this call is, is to kind of discuss support manage Akashi community initiatives. If your thoughts on kind of how we want to frame it or how we want to think about it, the discord is always open. So go into the SIG Community channel and we can have conversations in there. Ad hoc

Adam Wozney:  These calls happen monthly. So hopefully in between this call and the next, we'll have some things that we can work on similar to what we did in our last call which I'll be covering here in a second. But um that's kind of the high level of these calls for folks that aren't familiar with me, which I think everyone in this call is but maybe for folks watching the recording. My name is Adam. I had a community for Akash technically Overclock Labs, the creator of the Akash network and I help kind of put together a lot of our community initiative, toxic strategies, and support for folks that are listening in. I have a couple things in the agenda today, I'm not sure how long this call will go. We have an hour scheduled. So if you guys questions at all, or if you have thoughts, feel free to jump in at any time. But I'm, that's kind of it any questions before I kick things off and kind of go through my agenda items.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Cool. So I thought a good way to kind of kick things off is kind of where the community stands today. What are some of the tactics initiatives programs that we have developed and launched, the first of, which is probably the longest running so far. Since my time here at Overclock, is the insiders and the vanguards program. And just as a quick introduction. Insiders program is basically people who have raised their hands saying. I want to get more involved in akash activities from getting involved in. Our discord channels to hosting events to developing content about Akash or about the greater kind of crypto ecosystem.

Adam Wozney:  Currently, we actually have 50, insiders as a part of this program, which is pretty cool. However, I will say, Take that with a bit of a grain of salt because like all community programs, some people are way way more involved than others and that's totally cool. The insiders program is completely volunteer-based. There are no requirements. It's really folks That said I want to contribute when time allows which is completely fine. Um good stuff about the insiders program is it is global. So we have people all over the world kind of putting pins in the map and slowly growing that to a point where the sun never sets in the Akashi ego system, that's kind of the long-term vision of the insiders program. I'm actually after this column working on onboarding new insiders. So we'll have 51 by the end of the day, which I'm excited about.

Adam Wozney:  The vanguards program for folks that are listening in or maybe on this call, it aren't aware. That's kind of the second layer of our community programming. And Vanguards basically are paid community support representatives. They say that they're willing to dedicate as a requirement part of their time to helping support community questions inside of our discord or telegram. And then, in addition to that kind of a Choose your own adventure path. Some people are non-technical, some are our technical. Some people like using events, some people like, just creating content or getting involved in our github. So it's really up to them to decide. What are the additional ways that they can kind of help grow and support the community at large within Akash. So we have folks doing a bunch of different things there so that is a paid opportunity. So if you are interested in getting involved in the vanguards program, to feel free to send me a DM and I can introduce you to what that looks like.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney:  The last thing I'll mention about insiders in vanguards is currently that the payments that actually go out. Through vanguards comes out through OCL Overclock, Labs team, but because we have kind of changed the framework of how Akash operates. You do want to switch this to be more of a community funded and supported activity. So one of the things that I'm working on is creating essentially a governance proposal that will go on to Github for discussion on. Who are the individuals that are part of the Vanguard's program, What are their required responsibilities? Some of the things that folks that are vanguards on this call understand, but the greater community might not understand and the whole idea behind that is to get some resourcing from the community fund to support those initiatives and hopefully on board more vanguards to participating community activities and kind of a more consistent manner.

Adam Wozney:  Um, the insiders program Since it's totally volunteer based doesn't really know to go through a governance proposal. It's basically just a way to get individuals that are interested in akash closer aligned with what's going on day in and day out as a part of the network and the ecosystem. So that will really go through governance proposal but I think the vanguards proposal would have to go through that because there are there is resourcing that is needed as a part of that. Any questions on insiders or vanguards before I move on to my next agenda item?

Adam Wozney:  No, cool. I think it makes pretty straightforward. So if you do want to get more involved in what that looks like in terms of a governance proposal, just feel for to send me a message and discord or just message inside of the community Special interest group channel. I keep looking to my left side of the display over here and it's my discord channel. That's always open some, that's why I was always point over here, like talk to discord. um,

Adam Wozney:  Next up on the agenda is note-taking. So thank you to folks on this call that have raised their hands and said that they want to participate in helping taking notes in the copious amounts of new meetings that we have in the New Year or on special interest groups and working groups. Because there's just so much content that takes place and all these individual calls from client calls to partnership calls to economics calls. It's virtually impossible for the team at overclock to be able to not only help support putting these together, but taking notes and helping record. These these meetings for posterity for people that want to understand like where we're at within any given kind of initiative. So a handful of folks on this call and that are on this call have actually raise their hands and they'll help take notes for these. So thank you guys for participating. In our note taking I do have a rough kind of what do you call it? A rough kind of document that displays or

Adam Wozney:  Arrives what that initiative looks like. So, if you guys are interested in seeing what that looks like, I will post it in the Community Special Interest Group Discord channel. And you can fill in some of the blanks. I think, almost all of these calls now. Have a note taker or note takers, But there are a few that were still looking for folks to kind of help support and that this is a paid opportunity. I want to mention as well. So if you do want to get involved in helping taking notes for these, let us know,

Adam Wozney:  Um oh and actually we have Tyler on the call. So yes, Tyler. I was just mentioning the note-taking update. So we're we're almost full in terms of who's able to support taking notes for these but I think there are a couple slots still available so if you do have interest in helping take notes for these individual calls that take place not just the community Special interest group call, but the various other ones that we hold. Feel free to message me. Message, Tyler, or just go into the Community Special Interest Group on Discord and we'll let you know what that looks like. Cool.

Adam Wozney:  Um, other agenda items is the Community contributions page. So I mentioned this in a call earlier the special just education call, but um, many of you are involved in a handful of things not just in the kosh, but external to Akash you're involved a lot of different communities and through that. There's a lot of content that you're probably helping support either by initiatives or programs that are enabled or just by your own interest levels. This type of content, this type of content can be anything. It can be a video, it can be a live stream, it can be a written technical or not technical blog post. It could be scripts that live inside of GitHub. Give me a lot of things. I kind of lump in content into many different categories, graphic design, all of that stuff.

Adam Wozney:  Um I'm working on adding a community contributions page to the official Akash Network website. I actually put in a pull request about a month ago and it just has gone through. So now I just have to add some links for places for people can actually add content that they've created and the idea behind this Contribution Contributions page is kind of have a central repository for anyone that's interested in a cost to not only go to the website, the Akash Network website to kind of learn more about what Akash is doing and building out but also see what community members are creating in terms of educational content, written guides all the different things that kind of go along with kind of community contributions. Inside of that page, I kind of have it split up into like videos and written guides are written content. But the idea is that anyone can go in there, create a pull request, put in a link to the content that they developed, it'll be uploaded or added to our website. And then we have a place to point people to

00:10:00

Adam Wozney:  Like what is the community up to? What are they building? We can actually point to this place where and see what's all kind of happening and what you guys have all developed and built out. Because right now, Google Search is the only way to do it and obviously that is not a good way to do that. So the idea behind us having a central repository, for all the great stuff that you guys have put together through initiatives through programs like this or just on your own that you've been building out. So if you have questions on that, feel free to message me or just send a message into the community SIG group, and I can kind of fill you in on what's going on there. So hopefully by next call, we'll actually have that page up in live and we'll actually have some new contributions to that page. So pretty, excited about that. Any questions on the things I mentioned before I get into some of the stuff we discussed in our last community Sig call.

Adam Wozney:  Alright, cool. So through our last call we kind of discussed a lot of the things that we're doing in terms of the community up until that point. This is the second call that we've ever done. So I think there's gonna be new things that pop up. But, um, in general, it's all been things that that essentially I've kind of led putting together our ambassador or insiders program putting together our events like which events Akash attends and supports it gets involved in different community activities in a HACKATHON which is something that I'll talk about here in a second. But really, it's all been kind of coming through me. And now with this new framework, it's an opportunity for folks that are really interested in getting you know, getting things out the door and actually participating in community activities or developing their own strategies, it's an opportunity to do that through governance proposals and discussions and that's really the core behind this Community special.

Adam Wozney:  Your call. Through our last call, there were three kind of sub working groups formed. And the first one is 2023 events, working group. So, as an update last call we decided, Yes, we need to figure out what events it costs should go and attend. What's the resourcing needed to actually go and support these initiatives? Which events should we go? To all those different things? Who wants to get involved in that? So, we formed up working group, we've had an open channel and discord, people have been contributing their thoughts and feedback to what that looks like. We've put together a governance proposal, that is now live inside of our GitHub that lists out the potential events that we believe Akash should attend. There's a budget allocated to that and it's going through a discussion forum right now.

Adam Wozney:  The next step for the events that the working group has kind of decided make sense for us to go to is actually getting it into a governance proposal. So my steps are or my next steps, within the events strategy that we kind of co-developed is by next week. Working with a validator to actually help put that on chain for a governance vote.

Adam Wozney:  Um if voted positively and the community wants to move forward with it, it basically lets us pull community pool resources towards our event strategy for which events we should be attending. I don't want to get into the two fine of details here and like who from the community will go, which actual events did we decide on all of that? Stuff is public and open and we have it all in the discussion channel and inside of the discord channel. So if you do have thoughts or questions about what that looks like jump into there because that's where everything is open and documented. So I don't want to really dig into two find a detail. I just wanted to give you guys kind of like where we're at in terms of actually executing on the strategy that we've kind of put together over the past month.

Adam Wozney:  Um so just to reiterate and then I'll open See if you guys have questions about this is I'm gonna Add a few more discussion items into the Github discussion where the events kind of budget and idea is that's where we can kind of put in more thoughts and feedback.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney:  Once we have that completed, hopefully by the end of this week, I'm gonna add all the feedback that I've gotten or that we've received as a part of our event strategy into a governance proposal that I'll work with a validator to actually put on chain for a vote crossing my fingers super tight that it's approved because I'm getting hit up by a lot. And I'm sure you guys have seen a lot of upcoming events. That would make a lot of sense for a cost to have some form of a presence at whether it's just attending and participating activities or actually hosting our own activities. There's a lot of that incoming and until I know, or until we know, what kind of resources we have to do these things. I'm, we're kind of on hold. So that's kind of where the Events Working Group is. That's how you guys can get involved. That's where everything's been located on the discord and on the Github Discussion Board. But before moving on, to the next working groups, I wanted to see you guys at any questions or thoughts about or even just feedback from

Adam Wozney:  Seen in terms of the events resourcing, the roles the which events we go to all of that stuff.

Adam Wozney:  No. Everyone's good. Yeah, it's I mean we've been talking about this for over a month now so I'm sure a handful of you probably seen a lot of this information, but it's all on the discord channel or in the Github discussion board. So go over there to check that out, put in your feedback because that's gonna go into the governance, vote that we can hopefully get on chain next week. So, and I just want to say this will for mind. You're standing in. Correct me if I'm wrong. Maybe Tyler. Maybe Zach or Boz or Scott on this call. This will be the first out of all the special interest groups are working. Groups that have informed. That actually has something up to get resources on chain. Is that correct? I think this a potentially be the first one.

Tyler Wright: Yes, but you're in a race against pretor.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, this would be the first boat.

Adam Wozney: It's oh, it's perfect against. Okay, that's fair. All right, well and I'm gonna hurry up. I said on chain already is the printer one,…

Tyler Wright: No no it's not in.

Adam Wozney: unchain? okay,…

Tyler Wright: No it's not yet. You know I know that they're on my path too.

Adam Wozney: well, I'm gonna try to be the first

Tyler Wright: And so is a cloud posts.

Scott Hewitson:  Actually.

Tyler Wright: They're y, doing their proposal but yeah,

Adam Wozney:  Yep. Cool, cool. All right well I'm on a race against the clock. I want to be the first one. Maybe I can work with Omniflex to get NFT for everyone that's participated in that because that that just showcases like what we're trying or like what is we're all trying to accomplish here with this kind of new framework at Akash of community contributions. Some cross my fingers. It goes unchained by next week but that's the rough timeline. So that's it for events but if you do want to get more involved or you have a questions just head over to Discord and we can chat there.

Adam Wozney:  Um, next up, the other thing that we discussed in our last community SIG, call was a HACKATHON. So this is something that I've been thinking about basically since I joined Akash and I just never really had the bandwidth, the budget, the timing or the resources to do it. But now, with this new kind of framework that we've launched at the beginning of the year of Community contributors, I thought this is a perfect opportunity to get community members involved in actually participating in putting together akash-owned, HACKATHON.

Adam Wozney:  So since our last working group, we've had a call specifically about a HACKATHON we've discussed. Like, what resourcing and roles. There should be. So, we have that live inside of GitHub as a discussion thread. Thanks to those of you who have actually put in some questions and comments in there, but similarly, to the Events Idea and Events Working group. I'm hoping that by the end of this week, I can get the final bits of feedback to put into a proper governance. Proposal that I'll work with a validator on, on to getting on chain for a vote. And then, if all goes according to plan, after that, vote is completed, we'll have resources to actually put together this HACKATHON in terms of timeline.

Adam Wozney:  It's going to take some time and I'm just saying that right now, because not the first step is just knowing that we have resources to put together a HACKATHON, then it's gonna be okay. Who's gonna want to manage these different roles and we do have budget allocated to this. As a part of this HACKATHON working group who wants to do the rules. When will we launch it, who's gonna help create the, the marketing? Collateral, When do we want to officially launch this, What partners do we want to work with for like sponsored tracks? Which is part of this HACKATHON? Um, but I've already started the process of bit on the tooling. So while I was at East Denver, I met with someone from Devpost which is for those that aren't familiar is a virtual and they do help with support on offline. Hackathons, the tooling the resources the ways people can actually

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  Pitched their projects that they've been working on over the course of a time frame. And then also, I met with some folks from Dora Hacks, which is a little bit more into the Web 3 kind of HACKATHON working space. Um, so meeting with both those individuals or both those groups was really good because I think it's gonna put us at a point that if the HACKATHON proposal goes through, which looking at the budget, looking at the resourcing, I don't see a lot of community members saying like, No, this is a terrible idea. But again, who knows I can't speak up a half of everyone inside the Akash community, but the idea is once that's approved. We can actually start to work on this and hypothetically with a kind of rough goal post in mind within the next. I would say month we would actually have this or month and a half. We have this launched within two months. There would be people actually participating in the HACKATHON and then within three to four months, the HACKATHON would be all wrapped up in clothes. So sometime by the summer, we'll have completed fingers crossed our first ever Akash H.

Adam Wozney:  Which I think could be beneficial on for many, many respects. So that's kind of where the HACKATHON is right now. Does anyone have questions on that, governance, proposal the discussion threading github, any of that stuff, it's all been public and unchain or not on chain, but it's all been public knowledge inside of our discord. And you can check it out on the Discourse Channel or Github Channel, but I'm wanted to see if you guys have any questions on the HACKATHON. Cool. All right, cool. Um, so yeah, so making great, headway from what we discussed in our last special interest group, in terms of events and the HACKATHON. The other thing that we discussed was Crew 3 which is a kind of a Web 3 community building tool

Adam Wozney:  I haven't been really leading the charge on crew three just because I haven't to be totally transparent, had the bandwidth, but I definitely feel that I'm a support vector for folks that have been kind of most involved in that. And I'm looking to actually, a couple people on this call that have been really leading that effort.

Adam Wozney:  So I actually wanted to see where things were in terms of thoughts or feelings on crew three. And it, just as a quick reminder, crew 3. The idea behind it was really brought to my and the rest of the community's attention through Andrew, who's on this call and Robert, who was, Oh, he is on this call. Okay, cool. I think we, we had a call about it discussing. What it is, what it's capable of. And I believe the next steps from that call were and we can really maybe have another call separate to this. But I wanted to see if there's an update on it where we were in terms of next. Next steps to actually potentially getting it up for a governance vote. A proposal and getting resources to kind of help manage crew, three, because this would be kind of a community-owned effort. So I don't know if Robert or Andrew, you want to have you have anything? Any thoughts or considerations on where crew? Three is right now, I know you guys have been really leading that

Robert Del Rey: On my sidearm. I don't have any feedback at the moment. I don't know if Andrew has anything to share.

Adam Wozney: Okay. Cool. Andrew anything any thoughts on the Crew, 3 working group?

Adam Wozney:  Not sure if you can meet right now, maybe I know it's late there and people might be sleeping some assuming that's what's going on. Um, let me see if there's anything in the chat. Nope, nothing yet. Okay, so I'll go ahead.

Robert Del Rey: Now, what I want to say, maybe we could catch up on this later on.

Adam Wozney:  Okay. Yeah, totally. I mean the working groups are really there's no set timeline on any of these things with events in the HACKATHON. It's kind of important to me that we move those things along. So I've been kind of helping lead and push those things forward. But with crew three it was really kind of a community like deployed idea. So I'm looking at myself as just kind of a support vector in kind of helping put that together for folks that are really passionate about like owning this and building it out. But I'm I would say the best place to go for any additional updates on Crew. 3 would be the discord channel. So if you guys are passionate about this and you want to move it forward, let's have, let's continue the discussion around crew three in there but I'm that was the one thing that I wanted to bring up in terms of what we discuss in our last working group call.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. So those are kind of it's from the last call. There are two other things I was gonna discuss, but they're more just kind of informal discussions to see if anybody had thoughts or feelings or want to potentially get involved in somewhere the other. But um, is there anything that you guys wanted to discuss in terms of the overall community and kind of what we're trying to do day in and day out here?

00:25:00

Adam Wozney:  I see Robert. You said should we add crew? Three update to Github to. Um, I think Github is the place to go, and you guys can put in your thoughts as well, but I think Github should only be kind of up for discussion once we know and have kind of agreed upon through these working group calls and discussions on discord for when we need resourcing. I think, if you don't think we need resourcing for crew three, then I think it's worth potentially putting up on Github and say, Hey, this is my thoughts on how we can manage and operate crew, three, but if there isn't really a need for resourcing in terms of community pool resources, I think it's something that we can kind of

Adam Wozney:  Go about and and do on our own it can still be useful to put it on github for a discussion to get people's thoughts and feelings before potentially launching like an initiative. But generally, I think Github is great for those times that we need that. We believe will need resourcing for any given initiative. Whether it's a community one or a economics one, or whatever it might be. So that's my general thoughts on how I think we should use the github discussions boards for. Does that feel like it makes sense to people. Remember cool. Okay, cool. Is there any other things you guys are thinking about? Or want to discuss before? I kind of go into only two more small items that I wanted to kind of bring up that I've been working on.

Adam Wozney:  Nope. Okay, cool. So there's two small things that I've kind of come to the realization from when I was at East Denver, the week before lap, or was it last week a week before last, um, one is, people are very passionate and excited about Cosmos the space itself. Eat Denver compared to the last year, had maybe 10x the amount of cosmos related activities and meetups and events and things going on. Um, so I think that's a big shout out to just the community overall, not just the Akash community but the Cosmos community, I think that's really beneficial and from conversations, I had with Aetherium folks, there's no animosity between Cosmos and ethereum, I feel like they're very closely aligned on kind of all heading towards the same goalpost just approaching it from different attack factors.

Adam Wozney:  Um, so that was really beneficial but um, from my conversations I've had with a few different individuals. I realized there really wasn't alignment on community activities that were happening between projects. um, in addition to that some some projects don't even have kind of proper community representation. Meaning, someone leading the strategy or a group of individuals like you guys that are on this call, helping lead the strategy around community activities, initiatives programs strategy for their particular projects.

Adam Wozney:  So I've kind of taken upon myself to start reaching out to different cosmos projects that are building and doing things that are important and finding the individuals or maybe small groups of individuals that are leading community strategy for those projects, Give them together in a space and almost forming a working group. This would be kind of separate from Akash, but Akash are being involved, because I would be involved. So I've started reaching out to some some individuals from those projects or just reaching out to those different projects. You see who is really leading community strategy in terms of like their own ambassador programs or their own hackathons, their own meetups, and event strategy, their own bounties programs. All the things that kind of go into community building And I've got a pretty good list. So far of individuals that are interested in participating in this.

Adam Wozney:  And really the goal behind this is is to align community strategies that, so each community kind of continues to do what they're doing, but finding ways that we can support one another and do less what there's a term for it, basically have more would behind fewer arrows if you've heard that term before. So I have someone from Beth, Most Quasar key secret network, I'm just doing up the list. Kudos passage cosmosom confio Agoric, someone yay, dui dx, entangle protocol and the person that's managing the Cosmos Discord channel and that's a little bit more broad. So I'm trying to figure out exactly who within Cosmos is kind of helping lead the overarching kind of Cosmo strategy and I'm still working on getting someone from Juno Osmosis, which is kind of just kind of wild over there. I won't even get into the nuts and bolts of how their communities organized. They're very dowie even more so than we are right now.

00:30:00

Adam Wozney:  Um, IDF The Axler Mars Protocol and Babylon. And the idea is to form this working group where we meet on a kind of, a regular monthly basis to share. Here are the things we're doing inside of our communities. Here are some of the larger progress programs we're doing and then finding ways to kind of align our efforts and kind of partner more often so we can really showcase Cosmos as a full stack kind of developer strategy for individuals that might be interested in getting more involved in the cosmos. Um and at a minimum we'll be able to knowledge share and I think that's important too so that's one kind of initiative that I'm working on that I've been thinking about since the sense East Denver. So I've already spoken with a couple people but I'm looking to launch that hopefully within the next week or so. And then I'm guessing we'll be able to get more people from their communities into these calls and to other special interest group calls that we're putting on here.

Adam Wozney:  The final thing I was gonna bring up was and I kind of realized this from you Denver is they're just really isn't a repository of all the cosmos in person activities that are happening across the world for 2023. So, I put together a very rough, spread spreadsheets, excuse me, spreadsheet and I can even share it and hear for you guys. And I'll share this in the discord channel as well. But this is basically all I could find in terms of cosmos conferences hackathons or smaller meetups that are taking place throughout 2023. And the idea behind this is I don't know if you guys realize this or if you guys had the same feeling, but last year, I didn't find out about a lot of events until the week before they were happening.

Adam Wozney:  And I'd like to think that I'm pretty, you know, I have my finger on the pulse of what's going on within the Cosmo space, and I just think that was a kind of a wake-up call to me to be like, there's a lot of great activities that are happening, but if you're not aware of them, how can you participate? So the idea behind this spreadsheet that I'm putting together is a year's worth of cosmos events especially the big ones like Cosmo verse obviously everyone knows about that. But there's one coming up in June. Gateway to Cosmos guys might not have been familiar. And last year it sounded like it was a pretty fantastic event all focused on the cosmos ecosystem but I didn't know about that until week before. So there's no way for a costume representation there.

Adam Wozney:  So I'm partially doing this for a couple of reasons. One is, I just think it's a good community effort to be, like, Look how big the Cosmo spaces becoming and two is. I think it's a fantastic way for us at Akash and the community to get involved in Cosmo specific events. So, I put together this spreadsheet, I have the small events, like little meetups of and whatnot that are happening. Those are a lot harder to find. But if you look at like, the Cosmos big events there really isn't that many? And I've gone and looked at ethereum, spreadsheets that have 100s of activities and yes, there are bigger ecosystem. But I do think there's probably a lot more that are taking place that are Cosmo specific that word is not aware of

Adam Wozney:  So, I've been sharing this with different communities, sharing this with different channels on discord and on telegram within the cosmos. Say, If, you know, of any, Let me know. I'm gonna add it to this list and then we can use this as a part of our kind of our events working group that I mentioned to potentially participate in these activities. Once you know the events budget is essentially approved by you guys through governance. But um, that is something I've been thinking about. So if you guys are familiar or aware of any cosmos activities that are happening in person, whether it's smaller, large, let me know or just ping me on on Twitter and I'm gonna add it to this group because I am getting folks that I'm seeing jumping in and out of this spreadsheet to potentially participate or just be aware of what's going on within the cosmos space and person in real life. so, those are kind of the big things from the Akash community, this this month,

Adam Wozney:  So just as a kind of a refresher before, maybe open up to any questions, thoughts, maybe other working groups you guys have been thinking about are the things that we could participate or get involved in just a recap. If you want to get involved in the insiders or vanguards program, feel free to ping me, I'm gonna be working on a governance proposal to get community funds for Vanguard support. So we can hopefully build that program out. If you want to get more involved in note, taking not just for this call but for the other special interest group, we're working group calls. Let myself or Tyler know, we have most of them filled but there is opportunity for a few other note, takers and it is a paid opportunity. So let me know. um, looking to hopefully get that community contribution page live on the Akash website hopefully by the end of this week, if not next week, And then you guys can actually add just go in there. Make a pull request to add all the great stuff that you guys have developed over the course of, you know, who knows how many years now. All on that page.

00:35:00

Adam Wozney:  The working group. So on the event side, hopefully by next week it's going to be live for a governance vote that we can actually get resources for having a cost presence and events. And then some of you on this call potentially been attending those events. Um, the HACKATHON working group again, same thing next week, hopefully to get that live next week for a vote. And then we actually build out our first ever, which I'm super stoked on and the cash HACKATHON because I think it's a lot of positive things we do there. If you want to get involved in Crew 3, the working group just head over to the discord channel.

Adam Wozney:  And then the odds and ends that I mentioned were the kind of community leaders call, which I should hopefully, buy our next call have more updates. I want that looks like and maybe getting some folks involved in these these special interest groups and then also cosmos events which are super hard to find, there's just not a good repository for it. So I'm building my own repository. So if you know of any events like that ping me or feel free to just send me a DM on Twitter or share that spreadsheet with whomever you like as well. So we can really build a robust list of cosmos events for 2023. But beyond that, that's all I really had to cover today. Do you guys have any questions? Thoughts community related activities that you think are worth maybe forming a working group around, anything like that. Nope, everyone seems pretty quiet and happy today and that's totally cool.

Adam Wozney:  We got a boz question, you know, it's gonna be a good one.

Boz Menzalji: You know, just trying to find that the Emojis.

Adam Wozney:  That works that works too and I want to give a big shout out to Coney Daddy on the call. I don't know if you guys see Coney Daddy's here. Coney Daddy. How what's going on in the Coney Daddy world? Any quick alpha, you want to share with some folks on this call?

Coney Daddy: A sweet alpha. I'm actually working on a saga video right now, which I don't know if I'm supposed to talk about that or not. I guess I can talk. I can talk about it. but yeah, I'm just, you know, Diving in. I've been I've been meaning to hop on like a thousand of these community calls but Life's been busy. So I keep, I keep skipping out on them and Adam's probably sent me like a thousand, reminder texts. But I'm glad to finally make one.

Adam Wozney: For sure. No, no worries, and there's plenty of other calls to join, believe me. Um, that is maybe a discussion point. For maybe another call is like how we can really help people understand what we'll discuss in each of these calls. But this is still new to everyone at overclock into the general community. So we're still kind of like building the ship as it's being pushed out to see as they say. But um, yeah, there will be a lot of a lot of ways to get involved in things in the future, but cool. So we have a couple questions, Andrew, what do you got?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. Hi. Hi guys. So we can it wasn't able to talk before. So I have a question about the events and especially about the budget. I wrote this concern on Github but I just wanted to hear sorts. So basically, my content here is the price impact. Is you're taking your planning to take like 10% of the multiple? Yeah. And like not so long ago, we see what one point, five million tokens thrown into the market will do with the price, right? So like so my main concern is price.

Adam Wozney: Got it. So yeah I can kind of give you a little bit and this is something. I'm gonna add to the discussion thread, probably today before it goes up for a governance. Folks would want to include this information, probably in there but my general thoughts on this are

Adam Wozney:  Events. As I mentioned even in that discussion thread or not a perfect science, it's impossible to think through every single ways you'll need resources for attending these events, The proposal that we've kind of group kind of put together has rough math around different tiered events. So, for example, Tier One event is, we're gonna kind of, I don't want to say Go all out because we just don't have the resources to do that, but we're gonna have a bigger presence. So we would host a Meetup event. We would maybe sponsor the event. We would bring a minimum of probably four individuals from the community and potentially from Overclock Labs to attend these events and participate all agreed upon by the community through chats and our discord channel and who goes where we can discuss that another time. But the idea is to have rough math around each of these tiered events. So you're one event to be more expensive because we're sponsoring, we're getting involved here. Two events are more, we're participating and getting involved maybe just speaking.

Adam Wozney:  Free. those events once we actually participate and from my experience of, you know, hosting and sponsoring events for almost a decade now

00:40:00

Adam Wozney:  Generally speaking, it's much less cost than is initially needed. I always try to go over budget or I say, I try to say It's gonna cost more than it will just for the one-off random opportunity that it might cost more. I will get in a math for Eat Denver for example, but the youth number budget and this is before we put together. You know, this kind of new framework for getting community support governance resources for a cash presence at events. All came through overclock labs and the budget I put together there was actually a once it's all said and done is actually a lot less than what I requested initially. And that's just for the one-off chance that we need resources for. I don't know, getting me out of jail because I went too crazy one night and in Denver, um, but that's kind of, that's kind of the rough and all that. And that's what I want to say. That's that's how that budget works. All the resources that we don't use. We'll go back in and this is something I'm gonna mention in the governance.

Adam Wozney:  Channel. All the resources. We don't use for particular events at the end of the year. Go back into the community pool. So I kind of went like, big saying like, Here's what I think we're gonna need. If we were able to do all this for my experience, at events for 10 years from my experience here at Akash and just in crypto In general, I think to be much less than that, but again, it's not a perfect sign. So that's kind of how that budget was kind of decided on additionally. The resources needed would go from the community pool into a wallet.

Adam Wozney:  And in that wallet will only take out what we need for events. So over time, like that widget that what wallet will get smaller through our activities that these events, but at the end of the year, all of that, that resources work we don't use, we'll go back into the community pool. So it's not like, we're just taking out this much and it's immediately getting transferred to USD and everyone's like, whoa, what's going on the caution all that? It's not, it's not gonna be that, it'll be small incremental tweaks to a separate wallet. That will be reporting. And again, I'm adding this all to the discussion. Pred, we're gonna be reporting out quarterly. So people internally and externally in the community can see, Oh, this is what they're using this money towards, and it's all gonna be open and transparent and everyone will see it. Does that help? Answer your question Andrew?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, definitely things.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Tyler, so you have your hand up.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I just wanted to it's I guess the question I know that with Denver and some other things that this meeting is like a little bit behind schedule. The next one is Tuesday, the 28th of March, do you want to keep that? I know it's coming up faster than normal. Okay, do you just want to start? Changing the schedules like a month from today and then we'll just keep it like that forward.

Adam Wozney:  Yeah. Yeah, we had to and that's my fault for having to move these twice. The first one was at East Denver and I I naively thought that I would be able to host this and there was just too much going on and then last week I was sick as a dog. So there's just no way I could put this together. So, yeah, I think we'll have to move it. Sorry about that Tyler and thanks for accommodating.

Tyler Wright: No, you're fine. I'll move that and up to the calendar. Another thing is to the question that I think you asked earlier, moving forward. And this is what I kind of do with some sigs where we have like an agenda. So if there's action items that come out of this meeting today, there may not, then those are things that you'll add to an agenda, prior to the next meeting that, you know, you can even like highlight in discord, you know? So like for sick clients. The last meeting we had a presentation from sphere on some other items. I put that in a pre-meeting agenda that was on Github. And then I shouted that out on discord, which got more people to attend that meeting because they know their presentation was coming from sphero. So sometimes I do that like the day before, sometimes I try to do a little bit more in advance when I possibly can. But that's another way to get folks excited or, um, you know, on the same page as what the agenda is in addition, if anybody from this meeting or another meeting has specific action items that they want to cover in a meeting as an example to me, or had some point.

Tyler Wright:  Want to talk about in SIG providers Then I add that or whoever runs that meeting ads at as an action item to the agenda and then we'll that'll give that person the platform within the agenda to speak about anything. They haven't, they want to talk about. Since.

Adam Wozney: Cool. Yeah, and if there's anybody and lead up to our next call, that wants to like present something community related or…

Boz Menzalji: If?

Adam Wozney: you want to chat about something, just let me know. And I can kind of add it to the agenda. And we'll kind of go that route but I'm any other final questions. Thoughts concerns, revolving your own kind of community programs initiatives. Things that we're doing.

00:45:00

Adam Wozney:  Nope. Cool. Well, that'll wrap it up for today, then. Thank you guys for jumping on this. Hopefully in our next call a month from now the events budgets approved. We have a HACKATHON approval crew, three is under development. Those are all pretty big like community initiative, so my take up a lot of the time, but those are all things that I think everyone can kind of get involved in. So, hopefully, our next call, we're gonna have a lot of. What is it buns in the oven or skillets on the fryer, or whatever you want to call it? So thank you guys for jumping on this. As always we would be here without you guys so big. Shout out to everyone for taking the time for this call and we'll see in the next one. Later everybody.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Adam.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:46:08 👋

