# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda
- Discussion on [Governance proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/165) for insiders, Vanguards, and community support.
- Discussion on Creating a Working Group for insiders and Vanguards.
- Discussion on the community contributions page.
- Updates on Working Groups and note taking support.

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- George Pro 
- Joao Luna 
- Julius Haus
- Robert  
- Scott Hewitson 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, April 11, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes

### Governance proposal for Insiders and Vanguard
- Adam Wozney opens the call by thanking everyone for joining.
- Adam introduces a governance proposal for insiders, Vanguard's, and Akash community members to get resources from the community pool to support the Vanguard program, insiders program, community incentivize activities like bounties, video recordings, in-person meetup events, etc.
- The proposal aims to resolve the issue of providing resources to community members who want to do community activities and lack the budget to do so
- The proposal will create governance pops for community voting to approve or not approve the allocation of resources for those activities
- Adam proposes the idea of creating a working group specifically for insiders and Vanguard's to develop the Ambassador program further
- Insiders are community members who have expressed interest in getting more involved in Akash community activities, while Vanguard's are the next level of ambassadors who are actively responding to community questions in Discord, creating video content, and developing code that lives inside GitHub
- Adam emphasizes the need to open up the program's development to other community members so that the community can work together to shape the future of the Ambassador program(insiders and Vanguards program).
- Adam pitched the idea of creating a working group specifically for community members to develop the Ambassador programme.

### Budget Concerns on Insiders and Vanguard Proposal
- Scott Hewitson raises concerns about the budget for Vanguard's and the potential need for more funds as the number of Vanguard's increases
- Adam explains that the Vanguard's programme was launched for community support inside of their Discord and that they currently have nine Vanguard's
- The Vanguard's programme is focused on responding to community support questions in a timely fashion
- Adam has done a lightweight forecast and only sees the need for maybe one or two more Vanguard's before the end of the year.
- The budget for the Vanguard's programme is part of the governance proposal and there is a little bit of an overage for where they are currently at.
- The proposal includes a buffer for potential onboarding or other unforeseen circumstances.
- If some of the Vanguard's are unable to participate or are not supporting the programme as they should, they can be replaced by new participants and the budget can be reallocated.
- The proposal is built in a way that people can review it and leave feedback, and it can be tweaked as needed.

### Fund Allotment and Quarterly Assessment
- Joao Luna raises concerns about not being able to afford the Vanguard program for the whole year if the token price decreases.
- Joao Luna  asks if there is a margin or contingency plan in the proposal or if a new proposal will be created at the time.
- Adam Wozney explains that the proposal is being created similarly to the events proposal, where it will be broken down into quarterly allotments.
- Adam Wozney states that people who vote yes will agree to the amount needed for the whole year, but only a portion will be pulled each quarter.
- Adam Wozney mentions that a separate secondary proposal will be created for each quarter, which can be adjusted depending on market conditions and token valuation.
- Adam States that the proposal was initially going to be for the amount needed for the whole year, but was broken down into quarterly allotments based on community feedback.
- Adam Explains that the proposal will be reassessed every quarter and that each proposal will have a reassessment included for community to vote on.

### Updates on Akash Edu
- Adam mentions that [Akash Edu](https://akashedu.omniflix.tv/) is live now with the preator app curriculum
- Adam is working on three future curriculums: Akash console, cloudmos, and TerraForm
- Joao Luna suggested creating a curriculum on how the network works from a technical standpoint and offers to volunteer, which would help onboard new developers.
- Adam thinks it's a great idea and wishes it was the first course created
- Adam will follow up with Joao on TerraForm course requirements separately.

### Community Contributions Page
- Community contributions page is live on the Akash website, which is a central repository for educational or inspiring content developed by community members within the Akash network.
- Adam Wozney mentions that a disclaimer will be added to the page to indicate that the information may not be 100% correct or updated regularly, and that a how-to guide will be added to help non-technical contributors add content to the page through pull requests.
- Adam stated that Robert has already created a pull request, and more community contributions are expected to be added to the page in the coming weeks.
- Adam Wozney suggests checking with Tyler if there is any support needed for note-taking on special interest group and working group calls.

### Updates on Working Groups
- Adam Wozney gives an update on the working groups within the community special interest group.
- The 2023 events working group has put up a proposal for events resourcing on-chain, which was just put up yesterday for review. If it passes, the community can get funds for events that Akash should have a presence at.
- The hackathon working group has gone through the same process and has put up a funding proposal on-chain for voting.
- Adam Wozney highlighted that Within a week, they should know if they have budget and resources for the events and hackathon.
- The final working group is Crew3, which has a resourcing proposal that has been created by Robert and Andrew.
- Adam asks Robert and Andrew if they have any updates or thoughts on the Crew3 proposal.

###  Updates on Crew3 Working Group
- Robert Del Rey announced that the [crew3 proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/156) is live on GitHub and invited everyone to read it and provide feedback on Github or in the crew3 working group on Discord. 
- Robert mentions that the initiative has goals, a budget, and a desired outcome, but they are still seeking more feedback from the community.
- Andrew Gnatyuk mentioned that they are still discussing and reshaping the crew3 proposal based on feedback, and hope to share more information by the end of the month. 
- The crew3 initiative is community-initiated and the support staff is still building out the steps and time required.
- Adam Wozney suggested promoting the crew3 proposal on Discord and tagging Zack to support and promote it on the Akash Twitter page. 
- Adam Wozney suggested Andrew can also make an announcement in the Telegram announcements channel for feedback on proposals.

###  Local meetups and Events
- Adam Wozney mentioned that he has been approached by insiders who are looking to host small local meetups in their region and are seeking resources and support for that.
- Adam stated that he doesn't have the resources or support for that, but the 2023-Events proposal includes small meetup support, such as small amounts of swag and akt for bounties for attendees.
- Adam mentioned that many attendees might be interested in hosting smaller meetups or getting involved in already established meetups in their region.
- Joao Luna suggests attending the ETH Lisbon event as a speaker or volunteer to have a presence of Akash there and engage with the hackers on how they could deploy their creations on Akash.
- Adam Wozney is familiar with ETHglobal and says that attending such events and having a presence there can be valuable for getting speaking opportunities or volunteering.
- Adam Wozney says that until the community knows what resources they have for events through the governance proposal, he's staying clear of events as a representative of Akash because he doesn't want to waste time if they can't attend.
- Adam encourages anyone who wants to attend events as an Akash representative or otherwise to do so because it's a fantastic way to grow and build community and get a finger on the pulse of what's happening in the ecosystem overall within crypto.

###  Other Matters Discussed
- Andrew Gnatyuk asks about the out of funds combot in Telegram.
- Adam Wozney explains that they stopped paying for the combot, which is a spam tool specifically for Telegram, and suggests that they may need to look for other solutions.
- Andrew Gnatyuk reports that spam messages are currently being deleted by hand and users are suggesting the need for additional features or tools to address the issue.
- Adam Wozney asks Scott Hewitson about whether the combot funding could fall under the realm of Genesis tokens for marketing and vendor tools.
- Scott Hewitson agrees and  Adam suggests that they can figure it out through Andrew

## Action Items
- Adam Wozney to create a working group specifically for insiders and Vanguards 
- Adam Wozney to add a disclaimer to the Community Contributions Page and create a how-to guide to help non-technical contributors add content.
- Andrew Gnatyuk to share more information on Crew3 by the end of the month.
- Adam Wozney to follow up with Joao Luna on TerraForm course requirements separately.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._


0:01
Adam Wozney: here we go, all right, we're recording. So thank you guys for joining today's community special interest group call on April 10 2023. These calls as a kind of a level set are for community members to discuss, support, and manage Akaash community initiatives. I have a handful of kind of agenda items to go through most of the things you guys might be familiar with, but I wanted to kind of give some updates, and some general thoughts around where things are at the community side at Akash. But um, I did want to see before kind of jumping into my agenda items. If there is any topics you guys wanted to cover, some might be a part of what I'm going to chat about, but I'm wanting to see if there was anything in addition to what I'll be chatting about today, that you guys would like to discuss or kind of jump into any agenda items.

1:04 

Adam Wozney : Nope. Okay, cool. So the first thing I wanted to chat about today was something I think I mentioned in the last special interest group call that I think is about ready for primetime that I'll be sharing in the special interest group discord channel. It's a governance proposal for insiders, Vanguard's and cash community members. Basically, it's looking to get some resources out of the community pool to support the our Vanguard's programme, our insiders programme, and various community incentivize activities like bounties, or video recordings, things like that, or even in person meetup events. That's actually one of the things I get hit up pretty regularly from different communities members saying, Hey, I'm holding an event anyway, cash can't support it in some way from swag or aka T bounties, whatever. And I'm always like, I don't have any budget to help support. But um, let's see what I can do. So the proposal is meant to resolve that issue. So when there are opportunities for providing support, in terms of resources for community members that want to do community activities, this will help slowly or hopefully, push those things along. The proposal is I would say just about ready to be shared, I was just reviewing it a second before this call, I need to do one final thing, which is create kind of a quarterly breakdown of resources that would be allocated, that we would create governance pops to go through for community voting to approve or not approve those resources be taken from the community pool for those for those activities. But beyond that, I think we've shared it with members of the overclock labs team. I think I've shared it with a handful or a few folks from the community already, just to kind of get quick thoughts on. But I would say that proposals ready to go under review. Probably today, so I'll probably share it in the insiders channel, I'll probably share it on the community's special interest group channel. And then if there's any feedback or thoughts, we'll leave it open for a day or two. And then we'll throw it up into GitHub for discussions. I might even do that alongside putting it inside the special interest groups channel. So we can kind of move things along a little bit faster. One idea I had from creating this proposal was the potential of creating a working group, specifically for insiders and Vanguard's for a little bit of context for folks, I think everyone here is either an insider or Vanguard are familiar but for folks that might be watching this. insiders are folks that have raised their hands, said that they want to get more involved in the cash community activities. And we've added them to a private channel. We have private office hours just for insiders to kind of meet with each other and get presentations and updates from various Cosmos projects as well as HK from the overclock labs team. But um, there are folks that have raised their hand saying they want to get more involved in the community. And Vanguard's are kind of the next kind of layer on have a kind of an ambassador programme. There are folks who are actually paid for their support through a que te grants, so people that are actively responding to community questions instead of our Discord, creating video content, developing code that lives inside of our GitHub. There's a various there's various ways that people can kind of contribute to the Vanguard's programme. But um, up until this point, it's all been really managed through myself. And with this new model, I've been thinking about it I'm like, we should really kind of open this up for how we develop the programme kind of going forward so that way, it's not just me thinking about anymore but other community members getting involved in kind of our ambassador kind of programming initiatives. So I've been thinking about potential Actually pitching the idea of creating a working group specifically for members of the community to kind of think through what full fledge Ambassador programme could look like. So that's kind of my update on insiders, Vanguard's and the community bounty proposal, any thoughts on the proposal itself or potentially creating a working group for other community members that aren't insiders or Vanguards to get involved in helping develop what the future of the programme looks like? Any thoughts on that?
5:35  

Adam Wozney:  Yes, Scott, go for it.

5:37

Scott Hewitson: He was also congrats on your wedding, by the way. But, ya know, just thinking about the the Vanguard's you know, so currently overclock Labs is paying. So one just i One area where I think it might get a little messy is if we say, like in the proposal, alright, we have, you know, X number of Vanguard's that we're proposing. I know, we've been growing the number of Vanguard's so it's like when we have, you know, say we want to add three more, it's like, do we need to go back and get more funds or are we you know, overclock and absorb that or is it just Just something to think through? Do we put a little buffer say 20, little, maybe 20% more so that we can, you know, for potential onboarding or whatever.

6:34
Adam Wozney: Right. Those are just my thoughts. Yeah, totally. So in the proposal, I do have it broken down into a certain forecasted number of Vanguard's specifically. Currently, I think we have nine Vanguard's and the main kind of purpose or the idea behind why we kind of launched the Vanguard's programme was community support inside of our Discord. The members of overclocked legs team Scott, A, Neil, myself, you other folks aren't online 24 hours a day, but we do have a 24 hours a day community. So finding individuals in different regions around the world that would be online at certain periods of time, as a part of the Vanguard's programme, to respond to community questions and it kind of a timely fashion. And I say timely, you know, I generally put it within you know, 24 hours if somebody responds to a question that's when the more we get that down to like one or two hours or even less, that's better. But um, but the idea is, the Vanguard's are their two most most of the programme is focused on responding to community support questions in our Discord so that way people that join, don't feel like a Akash just dead project, or their question is invaluable enough for them to get a response to, because we just didn't have enough support on the overclock lab signed to kind of respond to the the influx of community support questions. And currently where we stand right now with having nine Vanguard's or eight or nine Vanguard's were responding to questions in a timely manner. So I've done like a very lightweight forecasting for what I think the end of the year would look like in terms of how many folks we should have as part of this programme to help support community questions that come in. So I don't see us going, you know, oh, we need 30 Vanguard's, you know, at the end of the year right now, it's really keeping the ones that we have right now because everyone that's a part of the programme is doing a fantastic job of helping support technical questions inside of discord or even on telegram. I only see us needing maybe one or two before the end of the year. So that should help with forecasting the amount of resources needed from the community pool, and that's a part of the governance proposal. So we do have like a little bit of an overage for where we're at now, and we'll where we need to be. And that's not to say that some of the Vanguard's might say you know, I just can't participate anymore because I'm busy, or us just noticing some of the Vanguard's aren't kind of supporting like they say they would, because there are requirements for the Vanguard's programme, and having conversations with them and, you know, ushering them out hasn't happened yet, but it is a potential. So we can flip those positions around. So if someone leaves, the budget that's already allocated can just go towards someone new that says that they can actually help support what the Vanguard's programme is about. So I see what you're saying, Scott. So it's kind of built into the proposal a bit and people can kind of review and if they think what I've come up with makes sense. Cool. If not, leave feedback, and then we can tweak the model a little bit. Does that help answer your question?

9:42

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, no doubt.

9:42 

Scott Hewitson: Sorry. I haven't seen any work that you've done on it. So pardon my headgear. How dare you? You showed me?

9:50 

Adam Wozney: No, you're fine. I've been kind of working on it a little bit. I wanted to get it to a spot where it's like, Okay, I think it's ready for community feedback. But um, I'll probably be sharing that as soon As I update this kind of quarterly allotments that I think that's a part of this. So that way people can kind of review and put in their two cents and see what makes sense. Cool. Any other thoughts questions on the proposal or the potential to build out a insider kind of Vanguard working group?

10:24  

Joao Luna: I do have a question is, are you taking consideration because the proposal is for the whole year, right. And we can really predict the market, I'd say like, the token price going up wouldn't be a problem. But the token price going down would be somewhat of a problem. Let's say you asked for like 5k 50k. And now it is valued, like like 25k. And suddenly, you can buy the vanguard programme for the whole year. Are there like a margin that you've set on the proposal? Or is our will the new proposal be spawned at the time?

11:05

Adam Wozney: So that's why I'm kind of creating it similarly to how the events proposal was created, where we broken it down into quarterly allotments. So the initial kind of proposal is going to be folks that agreeing to like people that vote yes. Agreeing to that, you know, we need, you know, let's say 50,000, aka to support this for the whole year. And because market conditions because token allotment because community fun resourcing and come into the community fund is variable. We're breaking it down into quarterly allotments. So basically, people are agreeing to Yes, we think this would be the right amount for the full year. However, we're only going to pull up this much this quarter. And then there'll be a separate a secondary proposal for like Quarter Three, with the initial allotment requested. But it can also be dictated for that proposal to go up or down depending on token valuation and all that stuff. Does that make sense?

12:06

Joao Luna: Yes. And it will also be updated in case let's say, at two Dotto is out and now we have those are those put the smaller pools we will update it for like also this comes from like the community pool and not some other pool.

12:28 

Adam Wozney: Right? Yes, exactly. So initially, I wanted to do it where how I did it with the events proposal was this is how much we'll need forecasted for the year to attend events. But thinking through it with you know, market conditions with community pool resourcing with the events that we actually are able to attend, and we don't attend. We decided to break it down through community feedback into quarterly allotments. That way, we can always kind of reassess on a three month period. So it could just be where it's the exact same forever, until the end of the year, where it's like what we requested on the front end is exactly what we'll need. But we can reassess every quarter and so each proposal will have that reassessment included that people can vote yes or no on and I think that's the exact same thing. We'll do with the with the but what was I talking about the Vanguard's Insider? Yep. And then there was a question in the chat on what's WG o Working Group? Is that what you mean? It's a short for working group.

13:35

Joao Luna: I think he asked what's the job of the working Group

13:38 

Adam and which working group?

13:43 

Julius Haus: I thought I heard that. There should be somehow a working group this but Oh, seems like I misunderstood.

13:52

Adam Wozney: No, no, you didn't hold on one second. The door is open. I don't know why Hold on. It's windy today, I guess. So. Yeah. So one idea I had is because the insiders, Vanguards in the community kind of proposal I'm coming up with is requesting community pool funds. Besides just getting feedback from the community on with this makes sense. And then, you know, putting up for a governance proposal vote was creating a working group specifically to the insiders in the Vanguard's programme. And the idea behind that is until now, it's all been me just kind of coming up with the process, the execution, the initiatives, the how the how it all works. And because we're kind of, you know, opening things up to the community, we've been doing this, I thought it would make sense to get more, more heads in the room to decide on you know, what are some things that you know, should be required of the caution ciders? What's the onboarding flow? What are some of the initiatives or the tactics to kind of make the programme more interesting for folks that are a part of it? What are things that people want to do as a part of the programme. So the idea is a credit working group for what that programme looks like, you know, from onboarding to, you know, some people leaving the programme someday or how we deal with people who are, you know, detrimental to the programme or not engaged in the programme? At what point do we kick people out of the programme? I've been pretty lacs on, you know, just adding people and seeing how it plays out. And then sometimes reaching out to folks, I haven't seen it engaging very often be like, Hey, are you still interested. But I do think there's a point where we only want to bring people in, that are interested in actually participating. So yeah, so thinking through like a working group, specifically for what the inside of our ambassador or Akash Ambassador programme kind of looks like, and how we kind of support it, and kind of continue to help it grow. So that's the idea around potentially creating like a working group around that. So I wanted to get people's general feedback or thoughts on on potentially doing that. And you know what to say, Now, think about it, we do have the community SIG discord channel. So if you think through your thoughts on the potential starting and working group, I can throw in some thoughts in there as well, and people can kind of respond to it. Next up, is well, I was hoping Tyler, I hope you will still be Yeah, I would definitely be in that working group. Because I want to be a contributing member to the community. I was hoping Tyler would be on this call. Because I know one of the things that we've been doing is there's all these special interest groups and working groups, and we record them and we take notes on them. I wanted to see if there was an update on if there was any working groups or special interest groups that needed help, in terms of note taking for folks that can't make these so people can quickly review the bullet points on all these different calls that are happening, because it's, I get it, it's impossible to attend, I haven't attended all the special interest groups or working group calls. I was hoping Tyler would be on this, but he's not. So I'll do a follow up with him and see if there's any support needed in note taking for these calls. Um, next up is community contributions page. So this is something I think I've talked about with a handful of folks. The community contributions page is live on the Akash website. And that's essentially a central repository for content that community members have developed, that are educational or inspiring within the Akash. Network. So that page is live. The one thing that I'm adding is after I created it, I realised there should be a couple things. One is a disclaimer, saying that this is community contributions. While it's reviewed by folks that, add it through these pull requests, we can't guarantee that all the information is 1,000%. Correct, or updated in a regular manner. But we do think it's valuable enough to showcase like all the different ways people are supporting educational curriculum, or content about a cache. So we wanted to put that page up and going. So I'm adding a disclaimer saying that this is community content. So do your own research. But a majority of this stuff has been reviewed, but we can't guarantee the factual pneus of or the updated versions of these video guides or written materials that people have put together. So they'll have a short disclaimer there. And then the other thing is just a how to guide, basically like how to add content to that page. Because not everyone is going to be technical that is interested in supporting a Castro's credit content. And they do have to create pull requests to add content to it. So it's basically a best practices and how to guide page that will live inside of that page. So people do want to contribute, you can click on it, it'll tell you exactly how to do it. And if it makes sense, you can go in there, create a pull request, and then get that get your content edit of the page. I saw I think I saw Robert already has paid it created a pull request. So that's a good first step. So hopefully in the next few weeks here, we're going to start getting a lot more community contributions added to that, that page. And we can start pointing people to like, tell me more about a costume like Oh, go to this page, look at all the stuff that communities already talked about in terms of what's going on within Akash. So that page is live. Now I'm just adding a disclaimer page and a how to guide. Any questions on the contributions page. Nope. All right. Cool. Next up is oops, let me get this. I'm just looking at my agenda items here is working groups. So this is the third call that we've had as a part of the community special interest group. It's been awesome so far, getting people's feedback and thoughts and jumping into kind of different activities that people can get involved in. But um, I wanted to kind of update on Some of the working groups that we have going, and then also Oh, since my video is paused, my network is crap. So let me turn off my video. One of the the first working group I want to chat about was the 2023 events working group. So it's been about two months since we kind of launched this working group. And we're finally to the point where we're putting up a proposal for events resourcing am on chain. And I think it was actually just put up on chain yesterday. So now we can actually, if it passes, get funds for a community agreed upon events that Akash should have a presence at. If you have questions on what that proposal looks like, or you haven't reviewed it, you can head over to the events Working Group channel, you can actually head over to, I believe Minsk Gan. And you can actually see the proposal is live now. And you can review what the proposal includes. And there's links, and there's all sorts of stuff that's included in that proposal. But I'm hoping it passes, we've gone through numerous iterations tonnes of community feedback, we add a signalling proposal that voted that people voted yes, and it passed. So now is the time that we decided to put it up for actual funding support for 2023 events. So hopefully, within a week, we'll know if we have some resourcing for upcoming events. Same exact thing for the hackathon. Hackathon has gone through the exact same process. And in terms of getting support. We went through a signalling proposal, we've had numerous rounds of community feedback. And now it's finally live for funding a funding proposal. So within a week, we'll know if we have budget and resources for actually putting on a first ever Akash hackathon. So stay tuned for that we'll know in a week, and we'll go from there. The final working group that was kind of formed out of these special groups was crew three, and I saw and I'm pretty sure I saw this a GitHub discussion added by believe Robert, on crew three resourcing and support. I want to see who I like that. Call it a hackathon Akash Athan, I kind of like that. Yeah, we can totally do that. I wanted to see if maybe Robert or Andrew, who've really been leading the charge on crew three, which is, I would say maybe one of the first fully fledged kind of community thought through and created resourcing proposals that have been put together. It's really totally been you guys. I've been pretty hands off. I wanted to see if maybe Robert, Andrew had any thoughts or questions or wanting to give an update on crew three proposal?

22:48
 
Robert Del Rey: Thank you. I want to say that, yes, the this session is live on on GitHub. I'm inviting you all to read the proposal comment. And yeah, if you want to discuss anything, feel free to drop a message in the crew tree, or working group that we also have on Discord? And yeah, this is for the community by the community. So that's all I'm gonna say now. But yeah, the purpose is most complete. I'm guess I'm just calling for more feedback. But yeah, we have the goals we have the budget, we have the the the outcome that we desire to achieve with this country initiative. So yeah, if you want to drop any comments, feel free to do so. 

23:40  

Adam Wozney: Cool. Andrew, anything else to add to that? I know, You've been kind of a supportive function for crew three. And I know you're a big fan of it. Anything you wanted to add to that? I know sometimes at this time, you can't talk because you have to be quiet because I think the baby's sleeping.

23:56 

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah. Consider legislation. Nice to hear me. So. Yeah. Robert was the muscles job because we are basically like the support stuff here. So right now, I don't know if this is like, if the market is good for the groups we and I have my doubts of that. But while the discussion is live, which is going to support it, why not we can still getting feedback and after the feedback, we will be just reshaping the proposal and after that, we will get we will share with with the scientists and Vanguards will get like all the all the info we needed. And it's like it's going a bit slower. It's still community initiated and we still have to build out how that the steps how it's going to work and the time that we can spend So for the staff, you know, so it's quite shaky right now. But I hope by the end of the month, we will get some info that we can share a supplementary call next month.

25:14

Adam Wozney: Awesome. Yes. And I would suggest, now that the proposal that you guys have is get live on GitHub. Go into discord and let folks know that they can go and kind of review it for their thoughts. Feel free to tag Zack has been kind of helping support running a cautious Twitter page. So he can promote it, he can actually support it and promote it as well. And I know Andrew, you've been helping with managing telegram so feel free to make an announcement in the announcements channel that those are live on any proposals you see, feel free to make announcements on those. So I that I think that'll help kind of push people towards your proposals for feedback. Cool. All right. And those are really the big agenda items I had for the community right now. Really, a lot of my focus and attention has been on getting the events and the hackathon. And the insiders, proposals live for governance votes. Those are kind of the big things. Oh, one other thing to mention is Akashi to us. So we mentioned this in the special interest group education sync before this call, that happens monthly. So right now, it is live. So people can go and apply and go through the first curriculum, which is the prey tour app curriculum. But I'm working on three future curriculums. One is with the Akash console. One is for cloud most and one is for TerraForm, which I owe you some things on that Mr. Luna, those will hopefully be the next three curriculums that we put up onto the course. I did want to mention that if there's any curriculum that you guys think would be valuable, that are outside of just like core ecosystem partners like TerraForm. Right now, I'm just kind of starting with the core ecosystem partners TerraForm, pray tour cloud, most potentially open registry. If you have any other thoughts on short curriculums that could be created as a part of Akash. Edu. Feel free to make comments or feedback or questions inside of the education special interest group channel or even the community special interest group channel. And if you have anyone you think you'd be good at creating the curriculum? Let me know because I would love to work with those individuals to help build this out. So Oh, go ahead. Mr. Luna.

27:36

Joao Luna: One curriculum just came to the top of my mind, in that volunteer for it. It will be one for how the network works. Its components like from a technical standpoint, what, like, what does the hostname Operator do the inventory operator? What is Kubernetes? To some extent, or how we leverage Kubernetes to create the providers how the validators work? How is their role in the Akash network, so something more technical on how the network works, so we can more easily onboard new developers. So they have the documentation, but could they could have so however, require them or like, a smaller course on on how these components work and how they interact with each other? I think it would be a good curriculum.

28:34

Adam Wozney: I'm just making a note, I think that's a fantastic idea. I actually think that, really, if we think about it, that should probably have been the first course we created. But I wanted, I wanted to start off with like ecosystem partners that were available to help create the videos, because I just didn't have the time or the bandwidth to kind of think through what that course could look like. And working with ecosystem partners that know, the projects they're working on. It just made sense for them to kind of help support and build it out. But um, I love that idea. I think that would be a fantastic course and really help drive awareness and drive new users to the network, which I think could be awesome.

29:17

Joao Luna:  Yep. 

29:21  

Adam Wozney: Cool. And actually, I'm going to follow up with you, Mr. Luna, there was a couple of things on the TerraForm course that I was, I remember I've been chatting about with you that I wanted to follow up on just to make sure that I have everything you need to kind of help develop what that looks like as well.

29:37 

Joao Luna: That I did not forget about the requirements document is just that I haven't had the time.

29:42 

Adam Wozney: No, you're totally fine. I've been offline and I need to do some follow up on that. So I'll follow up with you separately. So those are my agenda items for the day. Was there any other points of or topics that you guys wanted to discuss in terms of Akash community. One thing I actually did forget to mention is I've been hit up by numerous folks who are insiders and not that are looking to host small local meetups in their region. And they're looking for any sort of resources and support they can get for that. And I just haven't been able to because I don't have resources or support for that. But the proposal that I've put together include small meetup support. So small amounts of swag can go to people small amounts of aka T for bounties can go to people for people to attend their meetups. So I do have a part in that. I just wanted to mention as well, because I think a lot of you are looking to host smaller meetups or even get involved in already established meetups in your region. So just wanted to point that one last thing out. But beyond that, any other questions? Comments, points of topic you want to discuss? Oh, go ahead, Andrew.

30:54 

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so um, one question by the community. So we are our combot in telegram or out of funds. So, um, basically the question is, can we like bait? Or should we like root for some additional spam spam bots, that just clears the chat, or we have to do like additional proposal for the galleries to pay for the combat? Like how this will work now.

Adam Wozney: Oh, go ahead, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Is that something that we were overclocked was planned for for a while? I mean, I feel like I've seen combot come across.

Andrew Gnatyuk 
Yeah, yep.

Adam Wozney: Yes, we just stopped paying for that. Or combat is a Yeah, like a spam tool that's specifically for telegram. And the last I saw was, I think we put in a, I think we paid we pay for yearly. So it's basically like a one time thing and it's paid for? And it's yes, it has traditionally come from overclock. Because I think the last time we paid for it was before we actually created all these different groups for committee members to contribute to. So traditionally, it has been that. But are we do Andrew, did you see that you get a notification or something? Is that what you're asking?

Andrew Gnatyuk: It's just actually stop walking in the dark and delay spam messages right now. So basically, let people join in the chat and just spamming with some advertisement or etc. and mail Robert, we just coming along and deleting all this stuff. But users, usually they are arguing that we need to find some additional feature. Yes. So it's just be delighted, not by hands, but but some but some boss or some like, you know, Telegram shields, you know, some additional, like tools for that. Yeah. I didn't know it doesn't they just stopped stopped working.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Okay, so actually, maybe Scott, you know, I know. It's a question that we've seen pop up before in terms of Genesis tokens for marketing and vendor tools. I think that would fit under that realm. Is that correct? Yeah, I definitely think it's something that we can get covered. Andrew, I can either go through you or I can go through wires. And we can we can figure that one out. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Oh, go ahead. Mr. Luna.

33:30 

Joao Luna: Yeah, I just remember something. Maybe it's more of an events, but you were mentioning like smaller events. And I think this is the big event, but our prints will be small. So it kind of fits in here. So I came across it global. And it seems it's in Lisbon this year, in May. I was planning to attend. But it seems like it's for EC. It's like a kind of agathon style conference. And I can only apply by belong to team which I really didn't want to. But then you reminded me that maybe I could join as like a speaker or volunteer and just have a presence of Akash there. But I'll either talk on web three infrastructure, decentralized cloud, it's important whatever. there and just engage with the hackers on like, how they could deploy the whatever they are creating on on a cache. I think it will be available or just maybe join like as a volunteer but maybe it's something that we could we should follow up to and maybe have a presence there. At least Kazakh can be there because we are all from Portugal, and maybe it's out of your interest. So it's eath Aetherium. Global. I don't know if you're familiar with that conference.

Adam Wozney:  Oh, yeah, very, very familiar. So eath global is kind of the organizing function between between all the different eath city events. And all the city events are hackathons. Some have actually expanded into being almost full fledged conferences like eath Denver, which is much more of a conference now really than a hackathon. Even though there's still a hackathon element. But eath, Lisbon is one of the more technical from my past experience with them. A theorem developer conferences, and it is specific, specifically a hackathon. But there is value in attending those events and having presence and getting speaking opportunities or volunteering.

Joao Luna: Many partners, including filecoin. Totally. They offer prices for actors, it varies from 220 K to 5k. I think this is something that even if our marketing, maybe could make sense, I don't know it's not that big of even closer could fulfill this price with some gymnastics. But yeah, I mean, I think it's, maybe it's worse to have a present side, I wouldn't mind. Totally so.

36:08 

Adam Wozney:  Yeah, no, I completely agree. So I think there's two things to say here. So one is if there are any events in your local region that you find interesting and valuable enough. And essentially, you want to volunteer your time to go to as either yourself as a representative, or be kind of a de facto representative to Akash. I say anyone should go for it. And then the other part of the conversation is, until I know, and we know as a community, what resources we have for events, presents through this governance proposal that is live. I'm not I'm naturally as a representative of caution, not even approaching those those events, because I have to assume that I have no resources to attend them. And the idea of wasting it essentially be wasting my time, reaching out finding partners, finding side events, getting involved getting speaker applications ready. All for the fact that I might not be able to even go to these things, or we might not be able to go to these things. I just haven't been able to do it. So until you know, we know if the governor's proposal passes, I'm really staying clear, essentially of a lot of these events, which is a bummer. Because I for example, consensus and Austin, I've been hit up by numerous projects saying, hey, let's get Akash involved. Let's do this, because of free opportunity. And I have to say no, because I don't know if we're attending. So that's kind of where we're at with events. But for anyone that wants to go to events, either as an Akash representative or otherwise, I say there's tons of value in getting involved in these crypto conferences. It's a fantastic way to kind of grow and build community, it's a fantastic way to kind of get your presence out there, it's a fantastic way to get a finger on the pulse of what's happening within the ecosystem overall within crypto, because you can only really learn so much over discord or on Twitter. And if you really want to see where the builders are and what's happening, you kind of gotta get face to face with projects. So that's my two cents on on events. Cool. So any other points of subject or topics anyone wants to discuss before we kind of wrap up this month's community call. All right, cool. Well, I appreciate you guys for joining this. This happens again once a month, every every month. So stay tuned to the discord channel where we have the calendar invite for all of our special interest group events. But beyond that, thank you guys for joining. I appreciate it. And if you have any questions head over to the SIG community channel in discord. Have a great rest of the week, everybody. Have a good one guys. Thanks, Adam. Thanks, everybody.







