# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

# Agenda
- Working group updates, with a focus on wg-2023-events and wg-Akash-hackathons
- Overview and discussion of the community proposal live on GitHub
- Updates and feedback on note-taking efforts for various calls and meetings

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- George Pro 
- Joao Luna 
- Julius Haus
- Robert Del Rey
- Russell From 
- Scott Hewitson
- cheechyo 
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, May 09, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1efX7M46Vk_dmbPQo9hIoVEx32VN7wwPp/view?usp=drive_link)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes
### Note-taking efforts for various calls and meetings.
- Adam Wozney emphasized the importance of note-taking during calls to provide quick reviews of topics and talking points discussed in the meetings.
- Note-takers are individuals actively participating in calls, taking notes, and posting them on the website for easy access by others in the community.
- Tyler Wright, responsible for coordinating note-taking efforts, expressed satisfaction with the current progress, thanking George and other community members for their consistent contributions.
- He suggested that any action items discussed between meetings be posted on Discord to ensure they are tracked and added to the agenda for future meetings.
- Tyler shared his efforts to optimize Readme files for each SIG, making it easier for people to track meeting schedules without having to download entire calendars.
- The goal is for all notes across SIGs and working groups to be community-owned as the community grows.

### Discussion of the community proposal live on GitHub.
- Adam introduced the topic of the community proposal currently live on GitHub.
- The proposal involves funding for Akash vanguards, Akash Insiders, and specific bounty programs to support community development.
- The proposal was posted two to three weeks ago and is intended for funding throughout the rest of the year as part of the insiders or vanguard's program.
- Adam urged community members to visit the provided [link](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/165) in the chat, share their thoughts, and provide feedback, whether positive or negative.
- Over the next few weeks, the proposal will be updated based on feedback and eventually pushed out for a vote.

### Working groups(wgs) updates, with a focus on wg-events and wg-Akash-Hackathon.
- - #### wg-Akash-hackathon Updates.
- The HACKATHON proposal has been approved, and roles like Community Manager and Marketing Manager have been selected to support it.
- Subsequent discussion will involve timelines, next steps, and action items for the HACKATHON.
- Adam noted that selecting the tracks is crucial before setting a firm launch date for the HACKATHON.
- Adam mentioned that initially, there were three support roles, but he will handle the HACKATHON manager role, saving budget. The unused budget will be reallocated to add one more Community Manager and Marketing Managers.
- Adam invited those interested in the HACKATHON to join the HACKATHON Discord channel on the Akash Discord server.

- - #### wg-Events-2023 Updates.
- A proposal for 2023 events was put together to secure funding from the community pool for a presence at important events throughout the year.
- The proposal is split into quarters, with the current request for Q2 events and another for Q3 events to be submitted shortly.
- Adam stressed the need for community members to represent Akash at these events by speaking on stage.
- Adam shared a Community Event Participation [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSca0NL_KdebSUOgoS5MYSWofp1R2B_2pXKOKILUKHcBeig3pw/viewform) for interested individuals to apply and outlined the criteria for selection.
- Adam emphasized that the selected representatives would have their expenses covered to attend these valuable events.
- Adam Wozney continued discussing the roles required for event representation, which included Event Manager, Speaker, BD Partnerships, and Community Representative.

- - #### Discussion on wg-Events-2023 Update.
- Joao Luna emphasized the importance of representing Akash at events and shared his experience of the positive impact events can have.
- Rodrigo Rochin expressed his interest in attending events but not speaking on stage. He mentioned he would be comfortable setting up booths or helping out at booths.
- Damir Simpovic expressed his willingness to help but was unsure if his non-developer background was suitable for the events.
- Adam outlined how the application process would work and expressed that even just attending and wearing an Akash T-shirt could be valuable.
- Adam emphasized that this initiative is an experiment to refine the process for future events.
- Adam emphasized the importance of community members attending events to network, find new members, and contribute meaningfully to the project.
- Adam encouraged community members to go ahead and apply for the Paris events (ETHCC, AwesomeWasm, osmocon) even if they weren't sure if they could contribute meaningfully.

## Action Items
- Tyler to optimize Readme files for each SIG for easy meeting schedule access.
- Adam to review and select attendees for events.
- Community members to provide feedback and comments on the community proposal on GitHub.
- Adam to continue monitoring and updating the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16sjm4WpXfp4zZTQMJBKHQu3ySMQvENLoL9GzbmnJlfc/edit) based on feedback.
- Akash Insiders interested in representing Akash at events should fill out the application form.

## Transcript
sig-community Monthly Meeting (2023-05-09 11:04 GMT-7) - Transcript

Attendees
Adam Wozney, Andrew Gnatyuk, cheechyo, Damir Simpovic, Denis Lelic, George Pro, Joao Luna, Julius Haus, Pavlo Dereniuk, Robert Del Rey, Rodrigo Rochin, Scott Hewitson, Tyler Wright

Transcript
_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: Cool. So welcome everyone. To today's community special interest group call. This is part of our monthly calls that we have. I have a handful of updates to cover today. But before we get into any of those things, I wanted to see if there is any agenda items folks wanted to cover as a part of our agenda today. The things that I'll be covering are I'm gonna give some working group updates. The biggest part of that is probably events which I think some of you should be excited about because it's opportunity for you actually go to some of these events and represent Akash. So we'll spend probably most of our time talking about that. I want to talk a briefly about the community proposal, that is live on Github up for feedback and review.
Adam Wozney:  And then I wanted, Oh, Tyler's here, perfect. And I wanted to see if Tyler had any very brief note-taking updates as you guys all know. There's a handful of special interest group calls working group calls and I just wanted to see if there is any support needed. In terms of note taking, I think we've had a couple folks that have been supportive and taking notes and all these calls. What I just wanted to make sure that we're all up to speed on those things. So those are kind of the big three things I wanted to cover today. But any other agenda items or things people wanted to discuss on today's community special interest group call?
Adam Wozney:  All right, Cool.
Adam Wozney:  Oh, Tyler could go first, great. So, yeah. So, very quickly as a refresher for folks that might be new to this call or haven't been one in for a while. Basically, the purpose of these calls are to discuss support and manage akash community initiatives, talking about all the different ways that community members are contributing to akash and finding ways for all of us to support one another and helping Akash become the de facto cloud compute resource of Web 3. So I mentioned the rough agenda, but I wanted to maybe kick it off because it sounds like Tyler has to leave. I wanted to see if there is any updates or any support needed in terms of note-taking. So as I mentioned, there's what like maybe 15 or so of these working group, special interest group calls that take place. A lot of times they happen when people can't be around because it's just different time zones. So the idea behind this is besides just recording these videos taking
Adam Wozney:  Notes. So people can quickly kind of add a glance review. Some of the topic topics and talking points of these, these calls that are taking place. So, um, note takers are folks that are actually in these calls taking notes and then putting them on our website for folks to quickly review. We've had folks that have been supportive but I haven't really gotten any pushback or feedback on note. Taking is successful or if there needs any updates to it. So I thought we could maybe very quickly kind of see if there is any kind of quick updates from Tyler who's been helping kind of support all the note takers and and all that. So Tyler any note taking updates
Tyler Wright: Um I think the note taking is gone very well thus far. I wanted I do want to give a shout out to George envy. There's some other members of the community that have volunteered and consistently show up to meetings and basically own the notes over time. I would like for all the notes to be across all the six and working groups to be community owned, obviously like Overclock is just making sure that it's managed as we get off the ground. But hopefully as it can two community continues to grow, you know, there's other opportunities for folks to take notes again. I, I just want to shout out, George again and others who do a great job. One thing I do want to call out, is if anybody has any action items that they want to,
Tyler Wright:  Talk about between meetings, I would just ask that you throw those in discord because I can or whoever is in, no taker for that meeting can track those things and add them to the agenda and make sure that they're talked about. I know there's some conversation that happened between meetings, and then sometimes it gets lost because folks aren't actively saying like, Hey, I want to talk about this, as the next SIG meeting, which is a great opportunity, obviously like typing and chatting on discord is great, but these calls are really for, you know, voice to voice and kind of making decisions in a more timely fashion. But all in all things have been going. Well, again, I would ask that if anybody here is like recording or transcribing. And this goes for future meetings, whether it's crew three or anything else, just make sure to hit the transcribe button because I have had to again. Shout out George again, take the video and like, reverse transcribe it because we always haven't had to transcript. So George your champ for that one. Um, but again, if anybody wants to take notes, feel free,
Tyler Wright:  Our current notetakers have done a great job of like saying, Hey I can't make this meeting. Can you cover for me? And that's all I need and I appreciate that. I'll do is I'll take the notes for that meeting, like, in real time and then the note taker can edit them and optimize them based upon the video. So, again, I'm very happy with where things are right now. I would just if anybody else wants to get involved, It's like a quick and easy way to get involved with the six and working groups and be like a leader, a secretary inside those groups. So again, if anybody wants to support Please.
00:05:00
Tyler Wright: I'm also trying to sorry.
Adam Wozney: Cool. Thank you, Tyler.
Tyler Wright: I'm also trying to optimize the Readme's so that I know that some folks in the past that don't want to download the entire calendar to their calendar or be like, I only want to go to SIG community. I've been trying to make it so that you can track every meeting inside of every readme for every SIG. So you don't have to like, add a calendar and you just know when future meeting are. So if anybody has any more thoughts about how to optimize it, so people don't miss meetings and they know where things are, please let me know.
Adam Wozney:  Cool, thank you so much. Tyler, any questions on anything Tyler to discussed or on note taking in general?
Adam Wozney:  You know, all right, cool. So I'm going to switch up the order of the agenda. I want to spend the most on working group updates, but the next thing I want to chat about quickly was the community proposal that is live in Github right now. I just put a link in the chat. Basically, this is a community proposal for funding the Akash vanguards, a caution ciders, and specific bounty programs, as a part of support for community development.
Adam Wozney:  I put this up this proposal up about two or three weeks ago, planning on keeping it up there a little bit longer because this is kind of a larger initiative for funding throughout the rest of the year for support within the community as a part of the insiders or vanguard's program. If you have any questions about that proposal you have any feedback on it go and put your feedback in that discussion going on and github right now. There's no timeline on when this proposal will go live. So I'm trying to keep it open for as long as possible for community members to leave their feedback and thoughts so that way we can get it really dialed in. So once it is up live for a proposal, there will be no issues in terms of the request that's being put out there. So go check out that link. I just put in the chat, leave your feedback, thoughts notes, good or bad. And then over the next few weeks, we'll update that proposal where it makes sense and push it out there for a vote.
Adam Wozney:  So any questions on the community proposal? Before we get into working group updates, which is I think it'll take maybe a majority of the time today here.
Adam Wozney:  Cool. All right. So there's really two working group, working group updates or conversations. I want to have today, they're around previous funding proposals for our HACKATHON and for 2023 akash events. So the first one is on the HACKATHON, so updates for the hack and this is basically something for that. People that aren't familiar with is something that we put up for governance about a month or two ago. And the idea is for us to put together our first ever Akash community-owned, HACKATHON focused on building and contributing things to the network that makes it easier for other people to engage or develop things for Akash or on top of Akash.
Adam Wozney:  Um, in terms of where we're at right now with the HACKATHON proposal has been approved, so we have budget for it now, we're to the point where we're selecting roles, which yesterday we had a HACKATHON working group call, which you guys can review, which should be on GITHUB soon. Where we selected individuals to have supportive roles as a part of this HACKATHON, and those two roles are Community Manager. So, helping set up events workshops as a part of the HACKATHON and also providing support inside of a, yet to be launched discord, channel, specifically for HACKATHON, participants, and marketing manager. And that role is going to be focused on promotion into other communities of the HACKATHON, and then potentially finding other cosmos projects to have sponsored tracks for people to build things that connect Akash to those other cosmos projects.
Adam Wozney:  So we've selected, those individuals to do. Those roles tomorrow is going to be our first call with those individuals to start talking about next steps in preparation for the HACKATHON.
Adam Wozney:  Tomorrow, I'm also going to be we're also going to be discussing timeline. I put together a rough kind of timeline for when this will all go live for anyone who's participated in hackathons before either organizing or just as a attendee. Yeah. You probably know there's a lot of upfront work that goes into building out these hackathons from marketing materials to HACKATHON tools to promotion to all the different kind of tracks prizes. There's a lot of stuff that kind of goes into this. So tomorrow, we're going to be sitting down with the community support rules and discussing timelines, and some of the next steps and action items for the HACKATHON. The next Working Group call will probably be next week or early the following week. And that working group call again is open to anyone inside of the community to join. And I think the main focus of that working group call will be on hackath.
00:10:00
Adam Wozney:  Tracks. So discussing, what are the things that we want to put bounties and prizes on for individuals to build to make Akash that much better of a place to kind of develop their projects on. So that'll be a very important one. Because once those hackathons on tracks are decided, that's kind of the big print stuff that needs to be discovered before, we can actually start working on a very hard and fast timeline to launch this HACKATHON. So those are the big two kind of updates in terms of next calls that are gonna be taking place. So tomorrow will be called just for the folks that have been selected to be supportive roles and then next week or the week after early the week after we'll have a call on HACKATHON tracks where we're gonna invite the community to come and say We think that these you know, XYZ things are what we want people to build because it'll make my life as a developer. Or is it just a general community matter that much better being a part of the Akashi Ecos?
Adam Wozney:  Them. So that's kind of where the HACKATHON lies right now. Oh, last thing I was gonna say, so initially in the proposal we had two roles, two support roles as a part of the HACKATHON, one is actually three roles. Technically one is like a event kind of or the HACKATHON manager which I'll be taking care of. And then two other roles are community manager and marketing manager because I'm gonna be actually managing the HACKATHON from kind of the leadership aspect and kind of making sure the trains are running on time because I've done plenty of hackathons in the past. We don't need to take the budget that was for that role to me, because I'm already working at Overclock lab, so I don't need to do that. So we're putting that. And we're also going to be putting a HACKATHON tool budget towards bringing on to additional roles. So, it'll be two community managers and two marketing managers, which I think is great. We're still going to be under budget because the HACKATHON tool budget that we requested isn't gonna be needed at all, because we're gonna use door hacks, and they're for free.
Adam Wozney:  We can use their platform for free for this for people submitting projects. So we're putting that budget towards adding two new roles, so it'll be two community managers, two marketing managers. And I think that's just gonna be better because we'll be able to do a lot more with more people. So we should have more updates as things progress. If you're interested in learning more about the HACKATHON you have ideas or feedback or comments, head over to the HACKATHON discord channel inside of the cash discord and we'll get you guys involved. So any general questions about the HACKATHON before I move on to my most important kind of agenda item today, 2023 Akash events.
Adam Wozney:  No cool cool. So the last thing I want to discuss and this is a big one for folks on this call are events. So similarly to the HACKATHON proposal that we put out there, we put together a rough 2023 akash events proposal and basically the idea behind this proposal was to get funding from the community pool to have a cost presence at significant events of importance throughout the calendar year. The first proposal that we put out was specifically for the total budget, but we're all we're only requesting budget for Q2 events.
Adam Wozney:  The next upcoming events and proposal that we're gonna put out is for Q3. So there will be a updated request for funding from the community pool for Q3 as a part of that overall budget proposal. That's been proposed and approved. So within the next week or two you can look forward to seeing a new governance proposal going live for a vote for Q3 events. I don't see that proposal not passing because it should be under budget and aligned with what already has been approved. As a part of our signaling and our overall governance proposal and Q2
Adam Wozney:  So, because of that, I've already started to work on finding opportunities at some of these upcoming Q3 events, the most priority, one is about two months away, it's going to be a series of events that are happening in Paris and in Berlin, July 11th, through July 25th. So about a week, and a half two weeks worth of activities in those cities. Paris in Berlin, will kind of be the hub of all crypto event culture, this July and there's a handful of events that are taking place both cosmos ethereum and beyond. So, right now I'm currently at the stage of understanding what we can do in terms of sponsorship for those individual events.
00:15:00
Adam Wozney:  We have a small 10K sponsorship, a lot of to those activities. So I've connected with a handful of the events that are taking place there, the event to organizers, and I'm trying to find ways to plug a cache in to speaking opportunities panel opportunities, moderating panel events that are taking place at these events. And in order to do that, we need to have people that are comfortable getting up on stage from the community. So, folks, in this call, getting up on stage and talking about akash in different talking about a caution different ways, both technical and non-technical. So to run this down.
Adam Wozney:  So, for folks on this call are trying to figure out like what it makes sense for me to kind of potentially be at this these events and represent Akash over this time period. The way I'm kind of breaking it down. Is right now we have about six events that are taking place in those cities over that week and a half long period. There is Adam Berlin which is taking place as being put on by the folks from Cosmo verse. There's awesome wasm which is being put on by confio with support from the Cosmos hub, the SHIFAI which is a women's educational crypto community
Adam Wozney:  There's ECC, which is essentially the East Denver If you guys are familiar with East Denver of Europe, it's a community organized ethereum conference and HACKATHON there's osmocon which is gonna be put on by osmosis. It'll be the second one they're doing. And then the final leg of this long journey is Nebular Summit, which is a Cosmo specific conference focused on technical aspects of Cosmos.
Adam Wozney:  Um, each of those events I'm trying to get three opportunities for Akash to be involved in either through sponsorship or just raising. Her hand saying We want to get involved. One is moderating a panel. One is participating in a panel and one is giving some form of a talk. That talk could be a nakash demo, it could be just a high level. What is cloud doing within the Web 3 space? It could be a lightning. Talk could be five to 15 to 20 minutes, who knows? So I'm working with all those different organizers to plug in a cache. Having a cost representation at those events.
Adam Wozney:  After speaking with folks at Overclock Labs, we really want folks from the community to represent Akash at these upcoming events, which means we need folks on this call and people watching this call to raise their hands saying that they want to get involved in these activities. So the way that's working right now and I think a majority of you folks in this call have already seen this or maybe been interested in trying to figure out how to get involved in these events is through this community support form, which I just put in the chat. So this community support form. Basically it is lists out the prerequisites and requirements and kind of filters. Of course, selecting who from the community can go and represent akash and attend these events, all expenses paid to represent Akash at these events.
Adam Wozney:  So within this, it kind of gives you the framework for how people will be selected the requirements. The different roles that are listed as a part of these events and how much people will get paid in terms of support for attending these events mostly paid through and I don't say paid as in like you're gonna get like an hourly wage your salary for doing these things but it's basically an all expenses, paid trip to represent akash and go to these different activities, very important events that the community has deemed value valuable to have a cost to have representation at
Adam Wozney:  Um In order to get involved in this, we put together a very simple application form that asks like simple questions like What's your name where you located are you in a caution Cider? Are you technical non-technical, have you participated in an event before all these kind of things that we need the community to kind of like, help decide whether or not folks would make sense for them to go to these particular activities.
00:20:00
Adam Wozney:  So I'm currently in talks with all of these different events, trying to plug in ways for cost to get involved, but I need to know who from the community wants to go to these events. Have their their flights and hotels and food and travel costs, totally covered by the the budget. That's been approved and no understanding who exactly will be the folks that can go to these events. And then I can plug them in to these particular activations at these events.
Adam Wozney:  So this is the week that I'm working on that, I'm hoping to get this wrapped up by the end of the week. This form has been live for a couple weeks now. So I'm gonna be promoting this today. Probably tomorrow, and then hopefully by Thursday or Friday, I will be able to look through all these different applications, put in the put into the community, and the Events Working Group discord channels. With my recommendations on who should go. And then, once we lock in those individuals, it's gonna be working with the event organizers, to plug them into those different activities for folks, to go and represent Akash as really a core contributor to the network. Some people fill out the form already. Thank you to those who have, but if you are interested in going to Berlin, going to Paris, representing Akash getting involved in some of these activities, fill out that form. And that because that's the first leg of the journey,
Adam Wozney:  Um, currently right now, there's I think five or six people that have applied to go to different events. Some are upcoming that aren't even until this fall or this winter, but the priority events right now are happening in Berlin and in Paris, because that's two months away. And for anyone, that's organized events. Before the more time, we have to kind of plan out what our activities will be there. The more time we'll actually have to get involved and contribute to the different activities that are happening at these these these community events so That's kind of where we're at. So, really the action items before I open up to any, any questions we have, as
Adam Wozney:  actually items is go to that form that I shared in this in the chat or head over to the discord. Events, Working group channel, ask your questions in there, go fill out that form because over the next couple days, I'll be sharing with the community different folks that have applied to attend. These events that are happening in July in Berlin and Paris. And then from there, we'll hopefully make a decision by the end of the week. Because I need to know who actually is able and interested in going and representing Akash at these at these events. So any questions and that's really the big things for the day, the agenda for today, but I want to see if there is any questions in regards to getting involved in these upcoming events in July and it looks like Mr. Luna's, the first one up.
Joao Luna: Yeah. Hi regarding these events in July. What, how heavy will be? The Overclock Club presence there? I think, at least speaking from me, if I was like, chosen for talk for as a speaker or something, I would feel like not safer, but more comfortable to have like presents heavier presence of a cash there of Overclock labs there. I think it makes sense like and of the Creators Bootstrappers of all this. I think it's expected for you to have, like, a heavy presence there, but I'm just wondering how heavy will that presents?
Adam Wozney: Yeah.
Joao Luna: Be? If, if from yours from Overclock slab Overclock lab side will more people will go that are not like not from the community budget, but from overclock's budget will like so
Adam Wozney: Totally so right now. So I spoke with folks from Overclock yesterday and I started kind of planting the seeds of interest for folks from Overclock to attend. And there are other priority items that are on most everyone at overclock's, plates that they want to focus their attention on namely GPU test nets updates to the Akash console, a handful of other items. So because of that right now, I would be the only one going and attending alongside the community members which I think can actually be pretty interesting because it's a, we are really it. Really showcases, like what we're trying to do with the events budget, we want community members to go and…
Joao Luna: Yeah. From yeah. That makes sense.
Adam Wozney: represent like Akash contributors and or supportive elements of what we're building at Akash. So right now it would be me my role there. Besides kind of sherpa in all the different activities that we can get involved in myself and community members at not only the main events that I mentioned. But there's always side events that happen in the peripheral of these activities and these different cities. So plugging into those activities as well. so right now, it would be, you know,
00:25:00
Adam Wozney: Let's say you Mr. Luna, it's like you say, you want to go people in the community agree. I plug you into a panel event at Osmo, Con, maybe a five minute lightning talk at awesome Wazum. And then, from there, now that I know that you're going, I find side events inside activities that we can either just to go to attend and represent Akash and introduce ourselves or even plug into other speaking opportunities panels, moderating panels demos, whatever that might be. Um, I can't do that. Second part like the side events until I know who's gonna be attending the main stuff.
Joao Luna: Mm-hmm.
Adam Wozney: So that's kind of why it's a priority to figure out who from the community would like to go and represent Akash and and get involved in these activities. So so right now, there's four roles that are potentially open as a part of this, as a part of this event Manager, role speaker, BD partnerships, kind of role and a community representative.
Adam Wozney:  Um, I'm for seeing the need for three people total. I see the need of an event manager, which probably would be me at the end of the day. I'm the most involved in like what's going on and all these activities a speaker that's probably the priority one and then tertiary, if we can find a third person to be a community representative, they would be somebody that would go and potentially co-host a meet up with myself that I could put on or with other organizers through these side events. Also participate in some of the activities that are taking place. I want to host some Twitter spaces live from these events and that's something that they would help kind of form and organize. So perfect case scenario it would be myself a speaker and a community rep to help with like all the different activities that are taking place at these events bare bones. It would be myself and a speaker going to represent akash at all these different activities that are taking place over the course of that week.
Adam Wozney:  Off in Berlin and Paris. So that's kind of how it's being figured out right now.
Joao Luna: Okay. I was just wondering as well. Like, so the BD person partnerships, it's kind of a key person and a very, very specific role. That seems kind of hard to find.
Adam Wozney:  Yeah.
Joao Luna: I was just wondering like has to be someone within the in the inside.
Adam Wozney:  Within the community. I yeah.
Joao Luna: There's like the the closer community can be a little bit hard to find, maybe some some key player on like on the whole ecosystem. Yeah, sounds like a hard world to find. If you had any any applications for such a role?
Adam Wozney: I know, I, I agree. I so, so the um, I don't know, I haven't looked, I don't think so. I think most the applications are coming in as speaker or community representative, which makes sense. My goal is to find individuals within the community that have kind of those sales partnerships business development shops and start working with them more frequently. It's more of a visionary role than it is that things that I'll find from within the community.
Adam Wozney:  At the end of the day, I think in the short term if anyone, what would represent that role? It'd probably be someone from Overclock Labs, either boss who you guys know, potentially Scott Carruthers, who heads up support, it'd be those individuals, but that probably won't happen until fall or winter events figuring that out. So for these role for upcoming in July, I foresee either three people from Akash representing or two people, and those roles would either be event manager, which should be myself, BD or sorry speaker, or potentially community representative.
Adam Wozney:  Um, it could turn out depending on applications that come in and people how they want to get involved and potentially represent akash of these things. That would just be myself and a community rep which is totally fine. We're trying to keep things somewhat of a lightweight presence, but we need to have a presence of these events because otherwise people in the community will wonder what what it cost is doing. And there's so much added benefit to attending these events besides just going and representing you connect with individuals, there's partnership opportunities that come up. There's new community members that want to join your community. There's relationships that are developed. So there's a lot of benefit from attending events that you really can't quantify in like hard data. Besides just the activities that we'll be doing there. So go ahead, Mr. Luna
Joao Luna: Yeah. And that's like to add like we don't actually, we underestimate how great it is, what we are kind of building here. So you kind of get like, Okay, we are building something really cool like I'll talk from a technical perspective, like, at kubecon. Everyone went like, they stopped everything in wanted to listen, they they saved, they bookmark, the website, they called colleagues. Just to heroes to hear me. Talk about like the decentralized cloud. What we do it, how we use Kubernetes to, like, to what we do. So, and it's at those conferences, when you talk people to people face to face that, you really understand, like, okay, But we are building is really cool, people really like it and I think that's important.
00:30:00
Adam Wozney: Yep.
Joao Luna: Even if it's like one person at like a big conference all alone, it can still work out as it worked with Kubecon.
Adam Wozney:  Yep, I completely agree.
Adam Wozney: Yeah, I 100% agree with that. There's there's a lot of intangible benefits to representing an organization at these events that you really can't quantify. It's not as simple as you host. An event people attend it and people you know maybe deploy or start using your product. There's all these like peripheral things that happen around events that you have to kind of like show and not are yet to tell and not show if that makes sense. Um so right now, if I look I just opened up the where is it? I just opened up the responses. and I'm looking at events that people have applied to And right now, it looks like there's the there's two two applications for ECC in Paris and awesome wasm.
Adam Wozney:  the way I'm actually thinking about this is, if somebody applies to one particular event, say just osmocon I want to see if they can actually go to all the events because the idea of saying four people, apply for four different events happening over that, that we can have long period and then four different people coming in and going doesn't make sense to me. It's gonna cost more to me harder to manage the logistics. It's just gonna be more difficult. So really what I want to do is once people apply for these, these particular roles, like say someone applies to just osmocon. I would reach out to them and say, Are you willing to do all of the events over this week and a half long period and represent Akash at all of these events and if no then that kind of eliminates them from the competition?
Adam Wozney:  It all. It's really going to come down to what applications come in for folks that want to represent akash and then reviewing it and then reaching out to individuals saying Like are you interested in going to these events and doing the entire gamut from the 11th really or the 10th or 11th until the 25th of July both in Berlin and Paris?
Adam Wozney: So, there's even logistics involved, there's gonna be figuring out, like, what people can actually support and do if push comes to shove and only one person's available for maybe two of the events and the other folks that have applied to attend, just don't add up. Then that one person would come out for those two events and then they'd leave and that'd be it. So it really just comes down to what we see in terms of people applying for the role. And right now, it looks like only a couple people have applied. So I don't know if people aren't interested in going to represent Akash. I don't know. People are don't like the idea that they're getting a free trip to go. To go to these events.
Joao Luna: And it's it's kind of a responsibility,…
Adam Wozney: I'm actually
Joao Luna: right? It's kind of representing a whole community,…
Adam Wozney:  It is.
Joao Luna: you either have to speak. So I kind of understand like people that don't really jump straight away.
Adam Wozney:  Don't jump into it. I yeah, I agree. I think, I think to if people aren't comfortable with like talks or getting up on stage and giving a demo or being on a panel, I think if I'm able to go up and like moderate events and having some community people in the background, where, after I moderate say, if you have technical questions of Akash, you'll meet my colleague over there, Robert or go meet my my colleague over there from the community Damir. Um, you know, they're working on different aspects of a caution they can kind of help answer some questions you might have. So even having that as a support system for me, getting up on stage and, you know, moderating a panel or even giving a Web 3 community building workshop, I think could be beneficial.
Adam Wozney:  So like the lowest hanging like simplest way for us to do this is basically having myself and one of their person. But if enough people apply and they want to represent a caution some shape and fashion, I think having three people go would be perfect. I don't think we're gonna have four people, there's no need and that's great because we can take that extra budget and put it towards the community pool for future events and getting plugged into different things. So, Who is first? Let's go Rodrigo.
00:35:00
Rodrigo Rochin: Hey guys, so I would be interested in going to some of these events, but not speaking of stage with every some events that would set up boots, or Something I would I would feel comfortable receiving people or helping out at Booth but not thinking of stage.
Adam Wozney:  Totally. Yeah, totally, so for anyone who was actually participate in expo booths or tables at events, you probably know that that is a role that you need to have a large contingency of members from that project to support. Best example I can give you is that consensus for example in Austin. So I've done this numerous times and I've learned from my mistakes, but that way I'll also just participated from different roles I've had in the past, but when you actually set up an expo booth, you unless you have other people that are there to support it, you need to be at that booth from doors open. At 8 am until Doris close at 6 pm and it's non-stop people coming up asking questions about your project.
Adam Wozney: So having a contingency of members from your project to be there in order to have different times of day that they're on site. So basically having 10 people and having those 10 people say the I'll take the morning shift, I'll take the afternoon shift, I'll take the evening shift so it's basically like four hours since Is the best way to do it. Otherwise you will burn out you because you're getting hundreds of people coming up to you consistently. Just talking talking and it's it's awesome but over the course of a really a 10 hour day you unless you have people that you can leave.
Rodrigo Rochin: You know.
Adam Wozney: Yeah. And you don't want to leave the table. Empty. It doesn't look good. So you kind of need a lot of people to do it. So Expo, tables are really at this stage of where we are out of the question. But I still think having community members go and representing akash and going to networking events. Introducing themselves to different community members trying to find. And I think the real goal of this is trying to find new community members to include in the insiders program. Our vanguards program getting involved in our hackathons other future events diving into our telegram. Our discord is really beneficial overall.
Adam Wozney:  So so yeah, so I mean for me it's really just getting more applications in there for anyone that wants to contribute in any way. So people just want to be a community representative applies. A community representative, and we can figure it out if someone feels comfortable with talking on stage or being on a panel event, which is actually much easier than talking by yourself because you just have other people that are kind of up there chatting with you, it's a lot easier apply for for that type of opportunity. So yeah, so I'm really gonna go off of what people put into the application form, and for people that apply, they're going to be considered for people that don't apply. They're basically out of the runnings. So that's kind of how I'm thinking about it right now.
Adam Wozney:  Cool. and let me for folks that don't have it, let me This is the application form. I'll put it in here for everyone's in the call. Give me or go ahead.
Damir Simpovic: Hi sorry, I'm out so but I was listening and yeah, I not sure if I mean, I'll help you, I'll gladly help you with whatever you need if you need my help.
Damir Simpovic: But I wasn't sure if I could actually conceive it because I'm not a developer and you know, I'm more like a system engineer. So Not sure if I can actually help you. So that's why I was keeping silent. So anyway, yeah, That's…
Adam Wozney: I so yeah,…
Damir Simpovic: what I had to say.
Adam Wozney: I and I think and thank you. I think there's a handful of folks probably either watching this call, or in the call right now that are like I would love to go but I just don't know if there's a way for me to contribute meaningfully. I would suggest going into the application form and filling it out with all the different things. So and if you actually go and review the application form, the questions are pretty straightforward and has put a link in the chat. There's, which events are you applying to attend? Like, which ones are you interested in going to? What role would you kind of like to have at this event? And to catch all roll is really community representative. Asks what city or country you live in that just helps with cost. Keeping costs down the closer audio event, the cheaper, it'll be for travel. Whether or not you're in a caution cider. And that's one of the requirements you have to be in a caution cider to be to be invited to go to these events.
Adam Wozney:  And then there's the one question Tell the community. Why you believe you'd be a good fit for participating in this event and this is basically where you can say. Like I think I could help out here These are things that I'm interested in. I'm not a speaker but you know, I do have some caution understanding you just kind of fill in the blank for how you'd like to potentially get involved. And then there is a How, how can you contribute to the event? Just like a checklist. There's I can speak technically about Akash. I could help manage in Akash Meetup. And you'd be working with me or whoever would be working with me on that. So I can help help lead that demoing akash on stage. Like I'm very comfortable like being able to just demo of what it cautious doing, how to deploy, how to provide compute, whatever that might be.
00:40:00
Adam Wozney:  And then I do have support Akash network Expo, booth at a conference and that's more for I just want to see if there's folks that have attended events before and kind of just have a general understanding of what it takes to kind of be at an event and represent an organization. And then I have an other like other ways that people can contribute So I feel like going off of those questions, it'll be fairly simple for for myself and eventually, the community to kind of review and say, Yes, it makes sense. I think for this person to go
Adam Wozney:  So, yeah, that's kind of how I'm seeing it. So, like, for you, for Damir, if you're like, I want to help out Akash. I want to like, it'd be great for me to attend this event to learn more about what's going on. In the ecosystem. I'm happy to wear an akash T-shirt. As I walk around, that could be a perfect role for you. I think there could be value in that. So, I would say, just go and apply going and apply. And from there, we can kind of see where it makes sense. For folks, to contribute.
Adam Wozney:  And if anything else it's a it's a Free All expenses, paid trip to Berlin and Paris to connect with other crypto professionals. I think everyone that would go to. These events are gonna learn something that they can take back and contribute back to the Akash community. Like I want to do retro report. I want to have people highlight people, they talked with I think there's a lot of benefits from from going and attending these things. So I'm
Adam Wozney:  Number one thing is just, that's the action item for today. Go to that dock there, go and apply. If you think you'd like to contribute, I'm gonna make some posts, getting people to apply. And then, I would say, I think, in that, within the next 48 to 36 hours, we're gonna start reviewing and then buy this Friday. I want to start reaching out to individuals saying, Hey, would you like to go to this thing and start working with them? And this will be the first time we're doing it. So I'm expecting some roadblocks, some expecting, some issues and that's totally fine. The more we do this type of activity, the more seamless it'll become for future activities, and future events. So we get a lot more out of it. So, really, this is kind of an experiment if people go and just represent akash and walk around an event that can work. We can see where we can kind of go from there. So, Um main action on for today is go and apply. If you are interested in going to Berlin and Paris for these events.
Adam Wozney:  Any other questions before wrap things up? Andrew? Go ahead.
Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so guys, I'm gonna be a little quieter.
Andrew Gnatyuk: It's late here. So my question in my question is, let's say I want to help but I'm unable to like right now to move from like to go about right now you get the war so I can't.
Adam Wozney:  Yeah.
Andrew Gnatyuk: But but um, let's say that I know a lot of stuff that happened around like in different blockchains. Right. And I say that, let's say that after like sweet sweet days after the burning Berlin and conference. There is just just an assumptions always like meet up at salon, right? That would be great for cash to work through and I can get the tickets for that. Right. Where do I? Well do I make the suggestions for that and like how do we get what applications? Look for example there was a speaker that talks on in the in the conference of the Baron Wright
Adam Wozney: Hmm.
Andrew Gnatyuk:  And I would love for him. Like, did you or just ask him if he would, if he willing to go to another conference for son or near, or maybe some other project, that is like making some additional conference, like three days after the main, the main one.
Adam Wozney:  Got it. So I think we'll have to take those things case by case I would say there's a couple things one is if there are side events that are happening in the same city And within the same timeline of these other main events that are taking place highlight those opportunities and the 2023 events working group channel and discord. So if you find an event Andrew and say it's a Solano meetup, that's happening over that same time, period in Paris. And you know, that you could potentially get Akash either free tickets to go to this event or potentially, even like a panel slot or a speaking slot. Just highlight those in the discord working group channel, Because we don't at the end of the day, I can't say for certain who could actually go to these things until I know who from the community will be going to these events.
00:45:00
Adam Wozney:  So for now, I think the best place to highlight those opportunities is in that channel because I have a spreadsheet that I'm tracking the dates, the times the potential activities for Akash that I'm using the track, all these potential opportunities and as soon as they get locked in, I'm kind of confirming them. So, by the time, the event actually happens, I'll have a full agenda of items that we can go and participate in ready to go, but all of it's being kind of built, you know, it's like they say they the plane or the ship is on the sea while it's being built, it's kind of the same idea. Like the all of this is being planned while we're actually on our way to the thing.
Adam Wozney:  So, any opportunity anyone sees just go into the events discord channel and say, Hey, there's this meetup event taking place over the same time in Paris. If you want to attend DME, or let me know and I can connect you to those individuals. I think that's the best way to go about it.
Andrew Gnatyuk: Got to think. Makes sense me.
Adam Wozney:  Yep. Cool.
Adam Wozney:  So any other questions about anything I discussed today, the events, the HACKATHON. What else did I mention? I forget there's something else note, taking Big thing is events though. So any questions on this before we wrap up today?
Adam Wozney:  Cool. So action items go and apply whether or not, you think you'd be a benefit to go to these events or not. We just need people to review. There's been five applications coming in so far go and apply for the Paris events. The ECC awesome wasm osmo con you could just put July events in Paris as the events you want to participating because it's a week and a half long all in the same area. So, go and apply. I'm gonna be having promotions, go out on discord, and on, maybe even on Twitter, even though this is really only open for insiders. So it's kind of a benefit of being in a caution cider. For folks, listening go and apply for that as well. But if you have any other questions comments, feed it back concerns. Send me a DM, message, the events Working Group channel, or the SIG community channel, and we'll kind of go from there, but unless there's anything else we'll wrap it up today.
Adam Wozney:  All right, cool. Well, thank you guys for joining again, if you have questions. DM, me. But hopefully you guys apply and hopefully I'll get to meet you face to face in Berlin or in Paris this July. So as I always wrap it up, I'll say it again and again, I'll see you guys in the Metaverse. See you guys later.
Scott Hewitson: See.
Meeting ended after 00:48:22 👋


