# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5

## Agenda.
- Introduction of a new reward program for creating a comprehensive FAQ document about Akash.
- Discussion on the Akash GPU testnet launch Submission Review.
- Plans to involve more community members in reviewing applications and onboarding of new Akash Insiders.
- Updates on Upcoming Akash hackathon.
- Updates on Q3 events with tentative approvals and sponsorships.
- Discussions on Governance proposal for Q3 events.

## Meeting Details.
- Date: Tuesday, June 13, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://myhqjm7ptqmwz7ul2yss6gjqz25ljc57zamuqdzfpcgweai64j4a.arweave.net/Zg8Es--cGWz-i9YlLxkwzrq0i7_IGUgPJXiNYgEe4ng)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- Forex Guru
- George Pro 
- Javier Suarez
- Joao Luna 
- Julius Haus
- Kwangwei Sim
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson


## Meeting Notes

### Updates on Q3 Events
- Adam Wozney started with the first agenda item, which was related to events in Q3 (July, August, September).
- Adam explained that they had tentative approval for some upcoming events and were working on sponsorships and planning.
- Adam mentioned that they had budgeted well for Q2 events and had only used about 25% of the proposed budget.
- Adam Emphasized Akash's participation in various activities at these events, including hosting Twitter spaces, moderating panels, and more.
- Adam Shared a [link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSca0NL_KdebSUOgoS5MYSWofp1R2B_2pXKOKILUKHcBeig3pw/viewform) for community members to apply and explained the selection process.
- Adam announced the Q4 events: Cosmoverse in Istanbul and kubecon in Chicago, inviting interested individuals to apply.
- Joao Luna asked if they could start applying for Q4 events.
- Adam Wozney confirmed that applications for Q4 events could be submitted and encouraged early applications.

### Updates on Governance Proposal for Q3 Events.
- Discussed the need for technical community funds governance approval for Q3 events and the purpose of updating the community on previous quarter's spending.
- Adam announced that a governance proposal for Q3 event funding would be put forward for a vote in the next week or two.
- Quarterly governance proposals aim to update the community on previous quarter spends and budget needs.
- Scott Hewitson added a new point regarding tax considerations and reimbursements for event attendees, explaining that they will include a tax section in the new proposal to cover tax liabilities and ensure that reimbursements are not taxed.

### Public Tracker for Event Funding.
- Adam Mentioned the inclusion of a public tracker to show how funds were being used.
- The tracker will provide information on spending and the wallet used for funding.
- Scott offered to share the [dashboard](https://lookerstudio.google.com/u/0/reporting/c3273ae3-3749-46fe-8aae-4db6169cedf6/page/BIUND) in the chat for a sneak peek.
- Adam encouraged attendees to check out the dashboard to get an early look at event spending.
- The public tracker will enhance transparency regarding how community funds are utilized for events.

### GPU Testnet and Submission Review
- Adam Wozney discussed the upcoming launch of the incentivized Akash GPU testnet, which will enable GPU deployments on the network.
- Announced the need for insiders to participate in submission reviews for the GPU testnet.
- Adam mentioned the incentive structure for submission reviews: $1,000 in AKT for insiders and an additional $500 in AKT for vanguard community members.
- Adam mentioned that more information would be shared in the insiders channel and via email for those interested in participating.

### Akash FAQ Document and Rewards Program.
- Adam Wozney introduced a new rewards program focused on building a robust FAQ document about Akash.
- Adam explained that the goal is to answer as many questions as possible through documentation, targeting new insiders and community members.
- Adam mentioned that the rewards scheme includes $10 in AKT for 10 questions and their answers, $50 for 25, $125 for 50, and $300 for 100 questions and answers.
- Adam added that there might be bonus AKT for those who contribute more than 100 questions.
- Adam noted that the process is simple, with community members entering their questions, answers, and Discord names for tracking purposes.
- Adam Emphasized that participation is open to Akash insiders and invited interested individuals to apply to become Akash insiders and participate in the FAQ document initiative.

### Akash HACKATHON Updates.
- Adam Wozney briefly discussed the HACKATHON and mentioned the working group formed around it, consisting of two community managers and two marketing managers.
- Adam announced the HACKATHON registration date, which is July 17th, with the official launch date for building projects starting on July 30th.
- Adam noted that the HACKATHON would conclude on September 9th, lasting about a month and a half.
- Adam mentioned the focus on HACKATHON tracks and the high-level theme, which is a "Deployathon", aimed at building tools and content to help others deploy on the Akash network
- Adam mentioned a rough budget of around a hundred thousand dollars (in AKT) for the HACKATHON.
- Adam encouraged attendees to join the HACKATHON working group calls for more details and opportunities to get involved.

### Akash Insiders Program, onboarding of new members.
- Adam noted that they receive one or two applications per week and haven't had much time to review and onboard new insiders. 
- Adam shared thoughts on getting more community members involved in reviewing applications and bringing in new insiders to help build the Akash network.
- Adam mentioned having about 11 applications to review and the need to streamline the vetting process.
- Adam emphasized the importance of the community and its role in the project's success.

### Other matters discussed 
- Forex Guru inquired about the Akash Insiders program and how to join.
- Adam provided a detailed explanation of Akash Insiders, highlighting their active involvement in the community, content creation, event participation, and representation at conferences.
- Adam shared a [link](https://akash.network/community/insiders/) for those interested in applying to become Akash Insiders.
- Participants discussed that technical background is preferred but not mandatory; passionate and engaged individuals are also welcome.

## Action Items
- Adam Wozney to provide information on the GPU Testnet submission review process to insiders.
- Adam Wozney to share details and updates about the Akash FAQ document project in the insiders' channel.
- Adam Wozney to consider ways to involve more community members in reviewing Akash Insiders Program applications.
- Adam Wozney to share link to the previous proposal and spending details for Q2 events with the community for review.
- Adam Wozney to share information about the upcoming HACKATHON and its details in the wg-hackathon discord channel.
- All participant to Stay engaged in the Akash community and participate in upcoming initiatives, such as the HACKATHON and FAQ document project.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right. So, thank you guys for joining today's SIG community call as a reminder, that monthly calls all focused on you guys on the Akash community. For a quick definition. I like these at the beginning of each of these calls really the purpose of the Special Interest group around community at AKASH, is to discuss support and manage Akash network community initiatives. Some examples of those initiatives have really, you know, become working groups. So the HACKATHON events various activities involving you guys. So I would say the SIG community calls probably my favorite of all the sigs. So thank you guys for joining us.

Adam Wozney:  I have a number of things to cover today, I'm looking through the agenda. I put together, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, things to cover. So we got a lot to cover today. But, um, before I get into any of that, some of these things will be, I see a lot of faces. Some of these things will go, maybe just be quick, little mentions, but I'm some of these you want to cover a little bit more in depth, but um, before I get into, kind of my agenda, are there, anything is, or is there anything that you guys want to add to the agenda or would like to cover as a part of this call?

Adam Wozney: Nope, excellent. Well, more than likely if you do have something you'd like to cover, I'll be covering it in my agenda. Um, cool. So the first thing I wanted to go over today was events related. So a handful of event activities. So the first one open the let someone in here second admit and admit cool. The first thing I wanted to cover was Q3 um event governance so Q3 is nice in July August. Is it?

Adam Wozney:  January February, March April May June July August and September. So July August is September events that have gone through a proposal that we actually put on chain. It was voted on an approved. We already have tentative approval for some upcoming events and we're already on in works, getting our sponsorships and who's attending and what we'll be doing at these events underway. But we haven't really gone through the technical kind of community funds governance approval for Q3 events. It's been it's been technically approved as a part of our first governance proposal. We put out a few months ago but we want to do this quarterly as a way to update the community on what we've spent in queue to or previous quarters to showcase what we've accomplished in previous quarters. And then to get kind of a final check mark in using community pool funds for having

Adam Wozney:  Present at events of significance. So myself and Scott who's on this, call has put together a governance proposal for funding, that will need to pull out of the community pool to attend some upcoming events that are taking place. We're ready well on underway in terms of planning for these events but um this is the final kind of check mark to get kind of community approval for some events that we want to attend. The good news is in Q2. We really only used about 25% of what the proposed budget was, that's due to who went to events, how much we spent at an event and mostly that was that consensus in Austin. That happened back in March, I believe or April and there was an event that was a part of that proposal that we actually didn't go and attend. So we can use that for Q3 funding which actually is a good thing.

Adam Wozney:  Um, as I've mentioned before events are not a perfect science. It's hard to know how much travel costs will be what sponsorships will be. There's negotiation that goes into it. Who's going to attend it, all that stuff. So they're not a perfect science but the idea behind these proposals are to get enough funding from the community pool. So we do have budget to do what we want to do at these events to get as much bang for our buck. So right now the proposal isn't live yet but we want to do is change for a vote probably within the next week or so I'm gonna be working with Scott on this. I'm not a CLI expert so I think Scott's gonna take Give it the Old College. Try to get this on chain for a vote, so hopefully within the next week or two we're gonna have another community governance proposal to go alive for fun for vote funding.

Adam Wozney:  Um, as mentioned, it's essentially technically approved already from our first governance vote. But this is something we want to do quarterly, just so we can update the community and what our previous quarter spends. Were how much money will actually need for this quarter and all that stuff. One cool thing that we're going to include in this governance proposal is there will be a public tracker. So you can actually go in and check out the the wallet that we're using for funding see how much we've actually spent see what those funds are used for and it's all gonna be public. So people can go check out what we've been spending on things. So this will be the second time we're doing this, so we're still learning. But I would say for where things stand today, in terms of funding events that are important for a cost to have a presence set, things are looking pretty good. I don't know if there's anything you want to cover Scott, but I think I kind of touched on everything.

00:05:00

Scott Hewitson: Um, yeah. I mean I can do you want me to drop the the dashboard and chat I can. If you'd like, I mean, I know it's gonna come out when we put the proposal on If everyone wants to, Get a quick look at it if you're all right, with that.

Scott Hewitson:  Boss.

Scott Hewitson:  You there.

Adam Wozney: Oh sorry, I was muted. Yeah, I think that's totally cool. This is all gonna be live soon anyways. So you guys because you joined this call, you're getting a little bit of Alpha. So it's just another reason to join these as security calls. So, if you want to see what we spent, what was proposed and and what are events, so far have looked like, in terms of what we've had to spend in terms of getting involved in these events. Go check out that link that Scott just put in the in the chat. Um cool. Any questions on the upcoming governance for Q3 events? Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I just one more thing to add. So as we were kind of going through it, you know, we're because we had a couple questions from people. Attending events for like tax purposes, and reimbursements, and all that. So one thing that will be different and that'll it'll reflect in the new proposal is We're gonna we're putting in like a tax taxes, essentially, so that Overclock labs can have a cover tax liability. But with that, we're hoping that, you know, if we we cover it there, then any kind of reimbursements to anybody? It's just a covered reimbursement. So that nobody has to pay taxes on any tokens or any money that they get off of it. I mean, you know, we're kind of in Gray space So just trying to do the right thing, you know. So yeah, that'll be a part of it.

Adam Wozney: Very cool. Thank you, Scott. Awesome. So any questions on the upcoming governance proposal? The document that Scott just shared any questions on that stuff.

Adam Wozney:  Okay cool. All right, so the next agenda item are is event related as well. It's the upcoming events that we have, so, I think most of you in this color are pretty familiar with what we have in store for Q3 events. The events that we're gonna be attending in this July are all happening in Berlin and in Paris, it's basically gonna be the hub of all crypto activity in the world over that time period. So, there's gonna be a small contingency of community members and this is another kind of exciting thing. It's the first time we're pulling in community members to represent akash at events, which I think is really powerful. It's showcases just the size and scope and abilities of our community.

Adam Wozney:  So we're gonna have two insiders, a caution ciders who are kind of community ambassadors at Akash attending with myself, Adam Berlin, awesome wasm. And hack wasm, which are all happening in Berlin. There's actually, I think one or two other events that are happening, and there's a lot of side events that are always taking place. So those are the big ones. So there will be side of an activities that I'm sure will be participating in. So I'm really excited about those events and then there's me two other Akash. Insiders attending a handful of events that are happening in Paris right after Berlin. So she file, which is kind of a women's education in Crypto Community Group ECC, which is kind of the largest community, run ethereum developer conference. There's also gonna be HACKATHON happening there. There's a small Cosmos Meetup which I've been in touch with a handful of Cosmos folks from secret and of most. And I think a few other projects injected, I think is on that list that will be participating in

Adam Wozney:  Um osmocon, which is the second osmosis conference that's being held this year in Paris. And then Nebular Summit, which is kind of a big cosmos related HACKATHON and Cosmos conference.

Adam Wozney:  So we're gonna be doing a lot of different things that we're going to be hosting Twitter spaces. We're gonna be moderating panels, we're gonna be on panels, besides, just attending these events. So I'm really excited to see what takes place at all these. Different activities in July, and there's about three and a half weeks away. So, thanks to everyone who's participated in this election of those events, who's participating in those events, and I wanted to mention. There are there's one other event coming up and Q3 that'll be part of this Q3 governance proposal. And that's a massari main net, which is happening in New York City. Um, if you're interested and I'm just starting to work on what a potential sponsorship looks like speaking opportunities. All that stuff for anyone that's interested in attending that event or upcoming events. I just put a link in the, in the chat, in the chat where you can apply

00:10:00

Adam Wozney:  And basically applications for community members. Represent a cautious pretty straightforward. We've discussed this in the events working group call. So, if you haven't been in those calls, you're missing out. But the easiest way we decided to kind of do this is people apply. I'll review and look to who's closest geographically, who has the skill sets, who is the availability to help manage a meetup that we could potentially do or in stage and give a workshop and talk about cost technically. And from that, I'll pitch those individuals in the working group calls that we have and then lock people in and start getting people to represent Akash. Cool thing about this is you a you have to be in a caution cider to be eligible. Um and be if you're admitted, you're accepted. It's a free trip out to those cities to represent akash and connect with other crypto community members. So if you're interested go and apply, I'll be reviewing those things in a rolling basis and I think in the next events working group call, we'll dive a little bit more into that but

Adam Wozney:  Stay tuned for when that working group call is a plan. Last events related thing is the Q4 event. So as a part of our initial governance, proposals are two events that are happening this and Q4 this year, which is December November October, One is Cosmo verse in Istanbul and the other is kubecon in Chicago. So if you guys are interested in attending, those fill up that application. And then again on a rolling basis, we'll review those applications in the events working group calls. So, any questions on events getting involved upcoming, the governor's proposal, any of that stuff before I move on to my, my next few topics here at discuss.

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Mr. Luna

Joao Luna: So, from our understood, we can already start applying for Q4 events. Is that correct? All right.

Adam Wozney: Correct. Yep. I think the earlier by the better. That way. It'll just give us time to review who's available andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Adam Wozney: all that stuff.

Adam Wozney:  One thing to note and I don't have my notes in front of me but there are requirements and expectations for attending events.

Adam Wozney:  Um Basically the whole purpose of the application form is to figure out who has the skill set to do different things at events from helping support a meetup, we would run to getting up on stage and and presenting akash technically a non-technically to other activities. In addition to that, there are requirements like I mentioned, you have to be in a caution cider. We are trying to make it as fair as possible for folks to attend. So, we want to look for folks that are probably geographically closer because that'll keep costs down in terms of travel. Um, geographically closer helps also helps with native speakers. So for, there's an event in say, I don't know in Korea and we have a caution cider who lives in Korea or nearby and speaks Korean that goes up a little bit higher in the, in the potential of attending and representing Akash at those events. So,

Adam Wozney:  That's the thing. Oh, and then the last thing to cover on that part is if someone has attended an event already that doesn't necessarily and they're cool. They live closer. That doesn't necessarily mean that they would be selected because we do want to make it even. So other insiders have the opportunity to attend and represent akash at these upcoming events. So it's not a perfect science but there is some thought that's gone into who's selected and why they're selected and all that stuff. So I just want to mention that as well. Cool. Any other final event questions before moving on to a couple other items.

Adam Wozney:  All right, cool. So yeah, so GPU testnet. So, I think everyone this call would have to have been living under a rock, not to know that Akash is putting GPUs on the network. Very exciting, it's gonna open up a whole world of different deployments and provider opportunities for folks that want to get involved in Akash. We're we're aiming to launch the incentivize a Cox GPU testnet next week and similarly to test nets. We've done in the past. We know there's gonna be a lot of submissions from the tasks and challenges that are put out to people from benchmarking challenges to just basic tasks to make sure that GPUs will work on the network once it goes live on our next mainnet grade. So, as a part of that, we're looking for insiders to participate in submission review.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney:  These submission reviews will also be incentivized and right now, they're rough math around getting involved in submission reviews and we'll have more information on this in. The insiders channel for folks that are insiders and if you're not insider on this call, which I'm looking most of you are go and apply to be admitted as an insider. And it gives you all this opportunity to get more involved and with rewards and other community members and so forth. But right now, the rough math is we're looking to provide a thousand USD paid an Akt for insiders and an additional 500 USD paid an Akt for our vanguard community to help us review tasks and some missions as a part of our GPU testnet.

Adam Wozney:  Um, this will probably run about two weeks and we're looking for folks to participate in that. So we'll have more information on that and the insiders channel I'm gonna put in an email for folks. So if you're interested in getting involved in submission review and I think a handful of you in this call up in a part of submission, reviews and previous. Testnets, it's pretty simple process. But You can get rewarded for helping support and build the AKASH network. So stay tuned for more information on the submission reviews but that should be going out this week with more information and to sign up and get involved and submission reviews for GPU testnet. Um, any questions on the testnet or the Submission Review, rewards?

Adam Wozney:  Cool. I think everyone's aware awesome. Um, next up is kind of another reward kind of program we're launching. So we're looking to build a more robust kind of question and answer like FAQ uh document about akash. The whole goal of that is for new insiders for people that are part of our community. We want to be able to answer as many questions as possible through documentation that exists either on our website or through the caution cider program, people answering community questions and support telegram.

Adam Wozney:  So we're looking to build a document that is very robust and when I say very robust, we're actually looking to get 500 questions and 500 answers within a certain time period. We're actually looking to build this up, so over the next few weeks and I'll be putting out more information on this and the insiders channel and I'll be talking about a little bit more in the office hours that we do on Thursday. But we're looking to get 500 high, quality questions, and 500 high quality answers all about Akash.

Adam Wozney:  Um, we have a rewards kind of schematic built off for this and I'll be sharing this as well on the insiders channel, but wanted to share this in the community call. Right now we're looking to give 10 USD all paid in Akt for 10 questions and their corresponding answers, if you're able to do 25, there's 50 USD. If you're able to do 50, there's a hundred and twenty five USD. And if you're able to do 100, there's 300 USD paid an Akt for questions and answers that will live inside this spreadsheet that we're building out. Um, if you add more than 100 questions, we'll throw in some bonus Akt for folks, that's yet to be determined. As I mentioned, this is only open to a caution siders that want to participate. So if you're interested in getting involved in this apply to be in a caution cider and we'll get you involved in our Akash FAQ document so, yeah, I wanted to mention that any questions about the Akash FAQ document,

Adam Wozney:  And the rewards incentives, all that stuff. Well blessing I'll mention is it's pretty simple process. So if people are interested, we're gonna share this document with insiders to review. They'll put in their question, they'll put in their answer and they'll type in their discord name. So we can track how many different questions have been created by members of the community so we can send off rewards. Once this is all done. We're looking to wrap up this kind of project at the end of Testnet so I believe in July early July. So I think this week we should be able to send off the details on this but um wanted to let you guys know in the community call and for folks that aren't any Saturday community in case they do want to join and participate in this rewards program. Cool.

Adam Wozney:  Um and then I have two more items to cover. So the first one is very briefly around the HACKATHON. So there is a working group formed around the HACKATHON. Right now, we have two community managers and two marketing managers that are part of the HACKATHON. In terms of building it out, supporting it and getting folks involved. Right now, we have the registration date, the HACKATHON kicking off July 17th. So, it's about a little bit actually. It's about a month away. Wow. Um, the official launch date of the HACKATHON where people can start building and we'll send out details, we'll be July 30th. We're looking to wrap up the HACKATHON, fully August 9th. So actually wait, July September July, August September, so sorry, September 9th, I gotta change my notes. September 9th. So that basically means the HACKATHON will last about a month and a half.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  In our previous HACKATHON working group calls we've we've kind of narrowed in our focus on HACKATHON tracks. Basically, what we want people to build as a part of this HACKATHON.

Adam Wozney:  And the high level theme for this first kind of community on HACKATHON is essentially a Deployathon we want to build tools, we want to build content that helps other people deploy onto the Akash network. So the high-level goals will be really, you know, if you build a project as a part of a HACKATHON track and you're able to get, you know, X amount of deployments that we can track through these two through your work, you'll win rewards. Um, right now, I think we have a rough budget around a hundred thousand dollars as a part of this or maybe a hundred thousand Akt at double check that. So there's a lot of Akt to win a lot of incentives. A lot of tracks that can build, but really it's focus on getting more folks on to the Akash network, we'll have more details in the HACKATHON working group calls. So, join those calls that are happening, probably weekly starting next week. So, feel free to jump in and learn more about the HACKATHON or potentially get involved. Any questions about the upcoming HACKATHON?

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Cool. And the last thing I just wanted to cover was around a caution sideways which I believe everyone on this call is um we're averaging about one or two applications per week, I haven't really had too much time to go in weekly and review these applications set up calls onboard new insiders. So I'm starting to think a little bit more about how I can get folks involved in reviewing applications getting more applicants to join. The insiders program because really insiders are the tip of the spear in terms of building out the akash network and making the ecosystem friendly and workable. So I'm starting to think a little bit more about and this is just for you guys to be aware and kind of letting you know what I'm up to. I'm starting to think a little bit more about how I can get other members of the community to vet on board and engage with potential new insiders to join the program.

Adam Wozney:  Because I think that's our real competitive mode at the end of the day is our community. If you look around a lot of other projects, they do not have what I would call a robust community and I think it cost does. That's all thanks to you guys. So I'm starting to think a little bit more about how we can kind of build out the insiders program. Get more people involved. You guys involved in vetting and applications so just wanted to mention that right now I have about 11 applications that are in that. I haven't had time to review, but it doesn't take too long, but I'm just thinking a little bit more about that. So I want to mention that Um, beyond that, that's really all I had today. So, this actually went a little bit quicker than I thought, we only need about 30 minutes. Any questions on anything I mentioned or any agenda items, you'd want to discuss or chat about.

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Forex.

Adam Wozney:  You're muted. If you're talking,

Adam Wozney:  Oh, maybe nothing. Oh, there you go.

Forex Guru: Okay, just to be clear. When you say inside that, what you mean by insiders, who are the inside, doesn't how, how do you? Join the inside the inside and members.

Adam Wozney:  Absolutely. So I'll put in a link right now. It'll teach you a little bit more about the insider community and how to apply. But basically a caution Siders are really the tip of the Akash Community Sphere, they're folks who are actively monitoring and responding to community questions and discord or telegram. They're creating content about Akash from video, guides to technical content to blog posts and they're folks that are getting involved in events, both in person and online, either hosting events that are beneficial to the akashico system or crypto overall, or hosting their own events in person. In their local areas that I also includes folks at represent Akash at conferences. So the really folks that are highly engaged. They've raised their hands say They want to get more involved in Akash. I think most everyone on this call is in a caution cider which is great but to apply you just go to that that website. It is linked over to you.

Adam Wozney:  You what the Accountsiders are about. Sending your application and we can kind of go from there. One thing I wanted to mention is generally speaking. We try to onboard a caution ciders that are a little bit more technical so like developer folks. But there are folks that are non-technical that are maybe, let's say technical enough, that our super passionate about, we're doing looking to learn more looking to educate themselves about crypt and what a cautious doing and those those folks are taking into consideration as well. But generally speaking, we try to bring in technical folks but if folks are really passionate building and doing really cool things getting involved, we want to like work with those individuals and and help them out and be kind of contributing members of the Akash community. So that's the high level on the insiders program.

00:25:00

Adam Wozney: Any questions on that?

Forex Guru:  It's fine.

Adam Wozney:  Well. Question. All right. Any other questions from everyone this call or anything? Anybody wants to discuss?

Adam Wozney:  Excellent. Well, thank you guys for joining today's state community. Call actually one lot quicker than I thought it would. As I mentioned, I'm gonna update the insiders channel folks that are insiders With information on the AKASH FAQ documents, the GPU Testnet Submission review for folks that want to apply and attend these upcoming conferences. I have that linked inside the calendar or inside the chat here. And if anybody wants to review our previous proposal and our spend from Q2 events, check that link out that Scott shared in the chat. But, um, beyond that, if you have any questions head over to the SIG community channel and discord and we'll talk ad hoc there. Other than that, we'll see you guys in a month in our next SIG call. And as I always do, say, I'll see you guys in the Metaverse. Thanks for joining everybody.

Robert Del Rey: Adam.

Julius Haus: Bye.

Adam Wozney: So, you guys,

Meeting ended after 00:37:42 ðŸ‘‹
