
# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda
- Discuss progress made since the last call and identify new initiatives to work on.
- Review of the community initiatives and programs that have been developed and launched, including the Insiders and Vanguards programs.
- Discussion and feedback on the community initiatives within Akash.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 11, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ldcymjv57vzkxb54husr63qq3saae7qhwos2vcvjoln32ny6cy2q.arweave.net/WMWGJr39cquHvD0lH24Q3IACfgezpaqKqXLbvTceFjU)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

- Robert talked about Zealy. Zealy is a tool to engage web3 communities.
- Robert and Andrew wants to make missions with Zealy like " provider compute on Akash".
- Rewards and operations are still up for discussion amongst those in the wg-zealy.
- Adam and some of the members of the community are reprenting Akash at events in Europe, including Atom Berlin.
- There are a number of working groups that sig-community is overseeing including wg-zealy, wg-events-2023, wg-akash-hackathon. 

## Action Items

- Robert will put a message in the wg-zealy for a meeting date.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Community monthly meeting. I believe this is number six or seven.

Tyler Wright: My name is Tyler. I'm replacing Adam, who usually runs these meetings, I know Adam will be missed. He's currently with some folks from the community out of the working group for the events 202 There were a number of events that came up for Those proposals have been passed, and there's some folks from the community that currently, at Adam Berlin a month. Number of other events that are happening in Europe right now. So I know Adam, Watney's, Alan Berlin with some folks from the community that would normally be a part of this community call. But again, those things in some great work that's been happening out of sick community spawning, some working groups, including again, the Working Group around. I've been 2023 for a number of people are currently

Tyler Wright: Attending and representing a car. thank you to all those there and all those that have been participating in those working groups around the events, I know there's also a working group happening around across HACKATHON. I know there will be some updates happening soon if anybody has any questions. There is a github repo for the working group. Cash talk account where folks can stay up to date on everything related to those meetings agenda. I know they're working on building out tracks, so track development operations and number of other things that are happening in that working group. So please again, if there may not be a detailed update today but I'm sure there'll be another detailed update happening at that. Working group for cost HACKATHON as well as at the next sick community meeting.

Tyler Wright: I know that there was a meeting plan for last week, so my apologies, if I was a dependency that did not show up. I know that the previously there was a working group around Crew Three crew three as rebranded to Zealy I believe. And there was a working group session planned around. Really, I know Robert who's an attendance here today, has some ideas and it's been leading some of those efforts around Zilly. Robert, do you want to give folks that are here? They'll be listening, just recording an update on Zealy and do you want to plan another working group session around that you tell me?

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for bringing that up. I just shared the link of this call in the silly working group to see if somebody wants to join now and then discuss about feeling, but a brief overview or series just a tool to engage with the community. So Andrew and I had the idea to use it in a different way. Most of the projects use silly or previously, known as crew. Three to get people retweeter stuff, share content, create Twitter threads. we want to do on a cash is a little different. We can use the same CD system to create missions but missions more related to a cash, like deploy, our blog in a cache or provide some compute in a cash network. We can create those missions in a way that people can do them earn point.

Robert Del Rey: Climb the leaderboard and it's still up to discussion what will be those rewards how they will look like? But that's the general idea. You seal it to bring more developers to a cash and make them do activities related to a cash network. So that's basically

Robert Del Rey: Destiny to discuss. How many people will need to review those? Islands. If that's Be paidâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Right.

Robert Del Rey: if that's gonna be unpaid. How many people?

Tyler Wright: do you want to have another meeting? I'll make sure that I somebody attends. You want to put another play another meeting and It has an action item from this meeting that let me know when I'll schedule another meeting for the working group.

Robert Del Rey: I have things said there's call to tomorrow. No, it's the day after while based Tuesday, I thought it was Wednesday for a second, since I'm hosting the office hours on Thursday. I believe it will be a good idea if we can have a call on Friday. So that way, I can remind inside there's on Thursday and we can have more people joining on Friday. I don't know if that sounds like a good idea to you.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: That works for me. If you can just throw something in the discord with a time on Friday, I'll make sure it's added to the events lendar. And then again, I know that you're leading the insider office hours on Thursday and we'll remind folks of that meeting on Friday.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, about the time we can do it for the same hour. we last week I believe it was 10. Am Pacific time or 9 am? I don't remember, but it was a great time at this for me.

Tyler Wright: Okay, if we could do one hour earlier, I know that there's a overclock internal meeting happening around 9:15. So some folks from the Overclock community that maybe want to join that call wouldn't be able to at that time. Is 8 o'clock, Pacific possible. the only time that's not possible is 9:15. The Overclock meeting is 9:15 to about 10 15. Yeah, Pacific time.

Robert Del Rey: Okay, I get that. I don't know if that will be too early, but let's do this, let's schedule the call, Let's send a message to everybody in the group and let's see how the quorum goes up if not many people join Believe it for next week, I don't.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, just throw it a couple options potentially and maybe even when Andrew is available because I know he's on the other side of the world. So maybe a time that works for all folks.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, that's true.

Robert Del Rey: Or if you prefer don't do nothing, I will stand a few times in the group and have people both for the best time for All right.

Tyler Wright: I love that. I think that's the best idea.

Tyler Wright: Another item that I think is come out of take community and last they get education meeting. Is there was a special interest group around education with all the initiatives happening. I think this was addressing steering committee as well. this education special, and just group is going to no longer meet educational efforts will be umbrella under the Sick Community group, where I know there's a lot of participation. So again, if anybody has anything that they want to do, education related, I know Adam Wesley wants to do a number of things in their cash edu front and wants to make some time to do that. Those efforts will now fall under sick community. It's a little be one, sick community call, which will be. I believe the second Tuesday of every month and again, those education specialist group call will no longer happen. The efforts again we'll fall under state community.

Tyler Wright: So against the community will be an umbrella for educational efforts as well as efforts. We're related to the Zealy working group the Akash HACKATHON Working Group of Events, 2023 working group and I know there's a number of other efforts. I know that sick communities also handling.

Tyler Wright: Just a reminder, if anybody wants to get involved and say Community feel free to join these calls, feel free to get involved in discord. And again, if anybody wants to do even more to help the Akash community, there is an insiders program that I know Robert is a proud member and One of the people that is very much a part of the Akash community, very much present somebody that is very much in the cash community, but if anybody else wants to get more active, feel free to join me inside this program. There's insiders application on that you can find on the cost. I never website on the community section that again is application for insiders.

Tyler Wright: Just a reminder that there's a GPU testnet ongoing right now. Again, a GPU testnet was scheduled to end July 12th but will now be ending or student July 11th, but will now be ending July 19th. So some extra time folks want to build a GPU provider and past one, build some sdls. From Task Two, do some benchmarking of some GPU providers test three or if they want to deploy some AI model and deploy some GPUs with Task Four and Just Tests, some of the providers. There's also some education on tasks where folks can create YouTube videos doing some of the tasks and also obviously some social sharing tasks Test six where people can tweet about the work they've been doing in GPU test. Then again, all these past there are reward that folks are

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Visible for so again feel free to go to Github and look inside the working group If they want to learn more about that GPU, AI incentivize testnet or just get involved in the A and the discord, if you want to learn more about what's happening with the GPU, incentivize Test 7, learn more about the rewards as well.

Tyler Wright: I know again some folks are traveling and I know the fearless leader of this SIG is at some events and actually on the stage presenting representing Akash and Adam Berlin. Robert's, is there anything that you want to talk about that hasn't been talked about

Robert Del Rey: Not really Tyler, but real quickly just said That time. Overclock having the internal meeting is 915 Pacific time, Okay,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes, That is correct. I'm 15.

Robert Del Rey: just wanted to make sure.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Thank you.

Robert Del Rey: Everything is that all good?

Tyler Wright: Awesome.

Tyler Wright: Again I think Robert is mentioned inside of his office hours, which he will be hosting if you want to be a part of that insiders group, please. Feel free to apply. That is a group of folks that are active in discord that are building on top of a cost that are making YouTube videos and have a great deal of content of their creating. It's just a community of contributors that Akash would not be around without, So want to give a special shout out to the insiders and vanguards, that have been I've already applied, I've been accepted again. If anybody else wants to join that program, please, feel free to join the community page. I know that George Pro will also be updating the readme for sick community and some of the working groups under community. shout out George for all the work that he does. If anybody wants to get involved and design at a car or the website, there are working groups around Web.

Tyler Wright: As well as special interest group is having a meeting tomorrow at Alien Pacific that focuses on design and marketing. So if anybody wants to join that please feel free but if there's nothing else, Robert from you, then again, I'll conclude this city community call monthly meeting number six, and I'm sure folks will be able to get the recording. Listen to the transcript, or look at the notes on this meeting.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks for the updates,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Robert Del Rey: Tyler. So you want to see.

Tyler Wright: Say it again.

Robert Del Rey: Like I said, thanks for the updates and see you when I see you.

Tyler Wright: absolutely. Yes, I'll be there in the flesh on Thursday to see you host entire office hours again because I know whenever you do it, it's always packed and it's always a good time. So, shut up Robert. Thank you for ut Everybody in the community Appreciate all the efforts that you all do online offline to represent Akash but thank you all.

Robert Del Rey: All right, like that.

Tyler Wright: Have a great day.

Meeting ended after 00:13:41 ðŸ‘‹

