# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda
- Discussions on 2023 events approved via the community governance proposal.
- Discussions, updates and progress on the Akash Hackathon (Akash-a-thon).
- Brief overview of Akash Insiders Program and Vanguard's Program.

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- Cheng Wang
- Dan
- George Pro 
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Rochin

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 08, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7zxtouwijc7m4syzoixc4ncvcas5hvm46mka44lzxyyr63zi3f6q.arweave.net/_m83UshIvs5LGXIuLjRVECXT1ZzzFA5xeb4xH28o2X0)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes

### Update on Approved Events
- Adam mentioned that several events were approved as part of the community governance proposal earlier in the year.
* Adam announced that they would no longer be attending KubeCon this year and provided reasons for this decision:
  + Budget constraints, as Kubecon is a more established and costly event.
  + Challenges in securing speaking opportunities without substantial sponsorship
  + Misalignment between the project's focus and the audience of Kubecon.
 - Adam Wozney shared that they are considering participation in cloud-related Web2 events in 2024.
 - Adam acknowledged the need for further discussions and working group calls to plan for 2024 events.
 - Adam concluded the discussion on not attending KubeCon this year and highkighted that two other events were still in progress: 
 
#### 1. Massari Mainnet 
  - Event scheduled for September in New York.
  - Adam currently working on documentation and sponsorship agreements.
  - Adam explained that they will have a 15-second video ad played on 40 monitors every two minutes during Massari Mainnet.
  - Adam mentioned additional sponsorship benefits, including hosting a 30-minute talk on the Expo floor.
  - Discussed plans to create a community bounty for a unique 15-second ad and mentioned the upcoming posting of the bounty in the Discord channel.
  - Mentioned Greg's participation in a panel at Massari Mainnet.

#### 2. Cosmoverse
- Adam discussed Cosmoverse, a significant Cosmos-related conference and hackathon.
- Adam announced Greg's involvement in a panel at the conference (details to be determined).
- Adam mentioned Akash's participation in the Cosmoverse hackathon, "Hackmos."
- Adam mentioned the acquisition of a booth at Cosmoverse for Akash representatives.
- Adam mentioned ongoing efforts to identify attendees from the insiders community.
- Adam indicated that attendees from OverclockLabs and the insiders community would be attending these events.

### Discussion on Akash Hackathon (Akashathon)
- Adam Wozney provided an update on the Akash Hackathon and mentioned that the registration period is ongoing.
- Adam explained the requirements for sponsored tracks, including workshop participation and community support.
- Adam Shared the goal of finalizing sponsors, judges, and workshops by the end of the week.
- Described the timeline, with the Hackathon running for about a month and a half until late September.
- Adam explained the judges' period for evaluation and the announcement of winners in early October.
- Cheng suggested involving outside members as judges as well as OCL (OverclockLabs) members.
- Adam invited Rodrigo Rochin, a member of the Hackathon team, to provide high-level updates.
- Adam nentioned three confirmed judges: Greg, Sarah, and Vladi and encouraged participants to visit DoraHacks for more information on the Hackathon.
- Rodrigo Rochin mentioned that some judges are yet to confirm, hoping for confirmation soon.

### updates on Akash Insiders
- Adam mentioned that he has been occupied with event-related tasks but plans to review and onboard about eight to ten new insider.
- Participants discussed the importance of having active members from other communities join the Akash Insiders community.
- Adam encouraged participants to introduce potential Insiders or direct them to the website to apply.
#### Akash Insider Appreciation Day
- Adam introduced the concept of hosting an Akash Insider Appreciation Day, tentatively scheduled for December.
- Adam explained the purpose of the event, which is to highlight the contributions of Akash Insiders to the community.
- Adam invited participants to get involved in planning and contributing to the event.
- Adam Mentioned that there is ample time for preparation and encouraged interested individuals to message him on Discord to participate.

### Other Matters Discussed
##### 1. Akash Zealy Initiative
 - Robert Del Rey introduced the topic of the Akash Zealy Initiative.
 - Robert Mentioned discussions with George and Oiclid aabout the Zealy Initiative.
 - Encouraged participants to join the Zealy Working Group on Akash Discord.
 - Adam Wozney expressed interest in getting involved and highlighted the importance of community building through such initiatives.

##### 2. Discussion on Event Budgeting
Andrew Gnatyuk inquired about the possibility of exploring in-person events, such as hackathons or conferences, outside approved 2023 events.
- Adam Wozney explained that while the events budget approved through the governance proposal is specific to listed events, there is an overage budget for unforeseen opportunities.
- Adam suggested creating a standalone budget for events like these in the future.
- Adam mentioned the possibility of submitting governance proposals for both known events and community-highlighted opportunities.

## Action Items
- Adam Wozney to lead planning for events in 2024 with a focus on cloud-related and web2 events.
- Adam to create a community bounty for a unique 15-second ad for Massari Mainnet.
- Hackathon team to secure additional judges, potentially from various Cosmos projects.
- Adam to identify attendees and representatives for Cosmoverse and other events.
- Insiders to plan and contribute to the Akash Insider Appreciation Day in December.
- Adam to Find a technical speaker for the 30-minute talk at Massari Mainnet.

## **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All we're cool. So, thank you guys for joining today's community Sig call. I was mentioning in my previous recording before I forgot to click Start Transcribing. This is the first one we've done in a little while. And mostly that's because July and June were very busy, event months months, and a handful of insiders and community. Members, and myself were attending events that were taking place in Berlin, and Paris. So a handful of things to catch folks up on. But just to kind of level set, The point of these calls is to discuss support and manage akash community initiatives. Those initiatives can be numerous in nature and we'll cover some of those here in a minute, but if you guys have any questions, thoughts concerns just raise your hand and we'll get you involved. And I'm leaving time at the end for questions and answers and feedback folks that are watching the recording. Unfortunately, you can't leave any feedback so be sure to join these calls.

Adam Wozney: So before I kick off, my agenda, is there anything that anybody wants to discuss or highlight before I kind of go sit through my agenda items for today? If not. We're totally cool.

Adam Wozney: all right first up is So there's a handful of events that have been approved as a part of the community governance proposal we did earlier this year. I mean we have a few coming up this One of which I want to kind of give an update and I made an update in the the working Group channel inside of discord. We're no longer going to be attending and I'll kind of go over some general reasons for that in a second. I want to cover our HACKATHON, give you guys some updates on what's going on the HACKATHON. I was hoping some of our HACKATHON, participants some of the folks that are helping Could join to give some updates but that's totally cool. I can provide some updates talk briefly about the Akash insiders program and Vanguard's program. I want to highlight something cool that I'm working on that. Maybe some folks listening in, maybe want to participate in and insider or a caution cider Appreciation day, which I'll talk about in a second.

Adam Wozney: And then at the end, leave some questions and answers and feedback. But first off as events, so kind of pulling the Band-Aid off folks, at Overclock Labs. And speaking with some community members, we've decided not to attend kubecon this year, even though it was approved as a part of community governance proposal. And the biggest reason is it's outside of our budget. Kubecon is a much more

Adam Wozney: Established event. And a lot of the crypto events that we've been known to attend Cosmo verse Wozum East Denver, those types of events and being that it's a much more established events. They have much more processes. They have a lot more people that you work with on the Sponsorship Team for Kubecon is 12 deep. Whereas the events that I've worked with and putting on our sponsorships before in the past is two people and they're willing to negotiate. You can kind of get some things out of the event that you normally can't for these larger scale events like speakers for example they have a whole team dedicated just for content for kubecon. And sponsorships are completely separate from the speakers team.

Adam Wozney: We put in an application to speak at kukan. It didn't go through. And the only way to get speaking opportunities. Stage time is actually sponsoring at over 100,000 US dollars, which is almost double what, our total sponsorship, budget was for kubecon. So that's kind of a learning for next time. So that's the biggest reason why we're not going to be sponsoring kubecon this year, in addition to that. There's a few things that the product probably needs to have. That would make it a little bit more appealing for attendees and the audience for kubecon being that we're kind of a crypto project and Ku Khan is really focused on Web2 folks, that's another kind of hurdle and being that we don't have some of the key features tools applications available. For a more web to audience. It just doesn't really make sense for us to attend kubecon this year.

Adam Wozney: I know, Luna who is one of our insiders attended kubecon Europe and he got a lot of benefits from attending that he was able to connect with different organism, some of the organizers. He was able to

Adam Wozney: going on inside of kubecon Europe, but even with that, it just doesn't really make sense for us to throw that amount of money behind getting involved in kubecon. However, we are thinking about and starting to plan on what 2024 looks like in terms of events for Akash, which really we want to get involved in a lot more. cloud-related, Web 2 events, which is exciting, but also scary because a lot of the events that we've attended in the past are Crypto related but grow as a community. We're not going to grow as an industry unless we start to play nice with web2 folks. So we are thinking about what 2024 looks like, not much to discuss they're quite yet because we need to hold some working group calls, some event calls with community members, to kind of start to digest and think through what 2024 looks like in terms of events for So that's the kind of quick, sad news that we won't be at Kubecon this year. However, there are two events that are very much moving.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney: First one is Mainnet Massari, which is happening. The September in New York, we are working on our documentation. Right now, getting things paid, citing agreements as a part of the sponsorship. We're gonna get a 15 second video ad that plays at Massari Mainnet. So, sorry, minute is a huge event for folks that It used to be in New York at the Hilton of attended that one before. I don't think. And now I think it's moved to Austin. Is that right Cheng? You might remember, I can't remember. I'm pretty sure it's in Austin now and I have an attended the Austin one yet. no. Sorry. It's here.

Adam Wozney: That's right. So last year was the first year that they moved from the Hilton which was in Times It's like four levels giant event to the seaport I believe last year was the first year that did that. I was unable to attend that one. So I'm not sure what it looks like this time, but this go around. It looks like I will be in attendance. So one of the things that we get, as a part of our sponsorship is a 15 second video ad, that is gonna be played on 40 different monitors throughout the duration of Sorry Mainnet, which is kind of exciting those ads play every two minutes. So that's basically every two minutes throughout the duration of massari, there will be some form of advertising of As a part of that I've actually started working on creating a bounty for the community to develop.

Adam Wozney: A video ad that can play at Massari Mainnet. I'm putting the finishing touches on what that bounty looks like. Some of the requirements, the timeline, all that good stuff and I should be posting that probably in the discord channel. It cost escort here at some point this week before the week is over. But basically what we're looking for is the community to create a 15 second ad, That's super unique. There's a lot of noise at Massari Mainnet, There's a lot of attention going all over the place. So having an ad that really pops and gets people's attention and having a nice QR code that people can, scan to go and learn more about Akash, is gonna be really important. I'm super excited for this ad. I think this will be something that can be really unique and draw a lot of attention to So I'm kind of excited about it but as for that bounty I should be posting the bounty probably this week. I don't know before the end of the week. Right now I'm just kind of reviewing the copy that I put together.

Adam Wozney: On top of that for sponsorship, we're also going to be able to host. It kind of an informal talk, believe it's about 30 minutes on the Expo floor is where all the different sponsors have booths. There's sponsors from all across the crypto spectrum that are going to be there and Massari is actually set up, kind of a smaller stage that's inside of that expo area, where we're gonna have 30 minutes to kind of informally introduce folks to I think we're gonna look for some technical person to come and give a talk tvd and who that'll be. But that is one additional thing that we're getting as a part of the sponsorship along with all the other nuts and bolts, branding on different printouts, email blasts, social media posts that Massari is doing. So I'm pretty excited about Massari Mainnet.

Adam Wozney: What else? and one other edition is I was able to get in touch with someone who is one of the main content organizers from I mean that and we were able to get Greg on a panel. This is free of charge which I'm excited about and we also get a speaker ticket from it. So that'll give us some more tickets to attend the event.

Adam Wozney: Greg will be on a cosmos panel. I don't know who the other cosmos folks are, I think, actually, they sent over information, but if you're interested in learning more about that panel, send me a DM and I can send you the details, but I don't have them in front of me right now. So, that's Masari Mainnet. The last event. That's kind of main focus is Cosmo, verse. That's the one that everyone's excited about. That's probably the biggest and largest Cosmos related kind of conference HACKATHON that's taking place this year. We're doing a bunch of stuff for Cosmo verse. So right now, they confirm things that we're gonna be doing are we're gonna be on a panel. I'm gonna be on a community panel, so at Cosmo versus median. Last year, I gave a kind of fireside chat with Demi, from Juno Network on kind of the business of community building.

Adam Wozney: So that's one thing. We're gonna be doing. Another thing is Greg's gonna be on a panel tbd on, who's gonna be on that panel. What we're gonna be discussing or what he'll be discussing. But that's one other additional thing that we're gonna be doing at Cosmo Verse. We're also getting involved in the first ever Cosmo Cosmo verse hackathon called Hackmos and hack, most is basically just an opportunity for builders in the cosmos ecosystem to build cool things that, benefit to the ecosystem overall. So we have a Dev workshop that we're looking to give, that's gonna be about or 30 minutes to an hour. I think, where we can kind of introduce people to akash in kind of highlight, some things that people can build on top of the Akash network. and this is a thing that I didn't know where we're getting, but it's a very much a value add is we're gonna get a boost at hack. Most and that booth is gonna be a small little area where people that just want to learn more about Akash come up and talk about Akash with some Akash representatives, in terms of who's all attending and all that stuff. I'm still working out people.

00:10:00

Adam Wozney: Applied that are part of the insiders community to attend both Cosmos and Massari Mainnet. I think we have a pretty good lockdown on who from Overclock. Labs will be attending, but Tbd and I would say over the next week or two, I should be able to figure out exactly who are all the attendees and who can attend those different events and represent and the last thing I was going to mention on events before. if you guys have any questions is I mentioned this a minute ago but we are looking to get more involved in AI. Cloud kind of Web 2 events that are taking place. I have a pretty good understanding of all the crypto activities and web3 activities that are happening. The key events that cost you'd have a presence at, but as we grow, and, as I mentioned a minute ago, as we expand our community, we need to get more involved in these Web 2, ecosystems specifically around AI and Cloud.

Adam Wozney: So, if you guys know of any interesting events that you think Akash should represent head over to the discord channel or Discourse Channel or sorry, discord discord channel, the Events Working Group and just throw in your ideas on this could be a good event for Akash to represent and we can start thinking about that for Q4 this year and leading into 2024. so, before I move on to the HACKATHON, any events related questions,

Adam Wozney: All Moving on, Next up is the HACKATHON. So yes. We are a little over halfway through the registration period, for the first ever, kind of I guess community owned and supported Akash Hackathon called the Akashathon.

Adam Wozney: We partnered with DoraHacks on this, they've been a fantastic partner, really excited to get involved them. They're getting very very much involved in the cosmos ecosystem, which I think is beneficial to Akash long term but we are in the registration period right now. The HACKATHON is due to kick off which essentially means submissions can be coming in by This coming Monday up until that time I've been working with four Akash insiders to find judges for reviewing HACKATHON submissions to lock in workshops. We're going to be doing weekly workshops introduce kosh and different aspects of Akash and then finally finding HACKATHON sponsored tracks and basically sponsored tracks are, for example, We're talking with archway and Archway wants to figure out a way to There's only a few requirements to be a HACKATHON Track one is, they have to be willing to get participating in one of the workshops that we're hosting.

Adam Wozney: hello. Dan one. Is that to be willing to participate in the workshops that we're doing? As a part of the HACKATHON two is they have to come up with what that HACKATHON track looks like and it has to have some sort of connective tissue between a caution their project for people to build out. Two is they have to be willing to provide community support inside of The HACKATHON discord channels that are going to live soon. And then three is they have to be able to put up bounty for their HACKATHON track. So, we should be having all of that stuff locked in sponsored tracks judges and the workshops, by this Thursday. Because Fridays, when we're gonna do a big push to get more people to apply and register to the HACKATHON, which without any really promotion. So far, we have around 15 to 20, folks, who have registered. So I'm happy about that. But we want much more.

Adam Wozney: As for the timelines. So yeah. HACKATHON kicks off next week. It's gonna run about a month and a half. So it's editing around end of September. There will be a long judges period where we send all the submissions from all the different HACKATHON tracks to our panel of judges to choose first. Second and third place. Their favorite ones, we're gonna tally up the votes and then in early, October, we're gonna announce the winners. And that's kind of it for the HACKATHON. I think. Do we have Rodrigo? I know you're part of the HACKATHON team. Do you have any other high level updates you'd like to give on the HACKATHON? Yeah, go ahead.

00:15:00

Rodrigo Rochin: I'm still waiting on some judges to confirm, hopefully, they'll do it today or tomorrow. And since Cheng is here and he's also in the list, maybe we can confirm him right now.

Adam Wozney: So yeah. we have Cheng's face so I had Cheng listed as a TBD. I want to keep him as a backup plan. In case we can't get additional judges which I'm not too worried about on my I spoke with Shade and there's someone from secret talking with Archway and then I think there's a few other Cosmos projects that Put me in coach that are potential judges for this HACKATHON. I'm hoping to get them locked in Thursday, but if it does take a little bit longer for a few other judges to confirm, that's fine because the hackathons going on for almost two months. But right now we have Greg for sure. I still need to tell him he's doing it, but he's doing it whether he wants to or not and we can have Cheng as a backup plan. So that's where Cheng's at right now.

Rodrigo Rochin: We have all those human validators team andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: I'll let you know Cheng.

Adam Wozney: Yes. andâ€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: There are two,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: they're confirmed.

Adam Wozney: Sarah from Yeah, so we have three judges basically confirm Greg Sarah,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: Yes, and

Adam Wozney: the CEO of Loom Network and Vladi from Post Human Validator. So those are the three confirmed judges right now, but we're looking to add up to 10 because I think the more the merrier and it'll just be benchworm for searching. I think it'll be beneficial for promotion having additional cosmos projects, kind of represent and judge the submissions So that's kind of it for any questions on the HACKATHON and to learn more? Just head over to door hacks, you can read alongside

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Adam Wozney: Only a couple other updates unless you guys have other things. The first one is a  Akash Insiders, so I've been fairly occupied helping put together what our events look like, and who's gonna be going, sponsorships all of that stuff for the past few weeks. So I haven't had too much time in reviewing insider applications but we do have about, eight or ten that have applied that I need to review and reach out to and hopefully on board one is actually someone on this call's brother. So I'm excited to onboard them. They're basically whitelisted, but there are other insiders that have applied. If you guys know or see anyone who's actively involved in other communities outside of Akash that you guys on this call, or potentially watching this call, I think would be good candidates to join our insiders community, basically, ambassadors for Have them applied, just head over to the website, click on the community page and they can apply there. I want to try to get more

Adam Wozney: Insiders as a part of this community because the more insiders, we have the stronger. The community will be and the more support Akash ambassadors can give to one another. So if you guys find anyone or know of anyone of interest, feel free to introduce them to me or just send them to the website to apply, because I'm trying to review those applications in a weekly basis. But I am a little behind given all the event related and HACKATHON related activities going on. So, I wanted to mention that last thing is something that I actually thought up about a month ago and I put together a kind of rough agenda on but I want to host a caution cider appreciation day, I'm thinking it'll be some time in December makes sense the holiday season and basically the idea behind the Akash insider appreciation days to highlight all the contributions being caution ciders, Basically the cream of the crop of the Akash community have given to Akash because really at the end of the day, if if it wasn't for Ambassador Community, the insiders the

Adam Wozney: Cards. They're just wouldn't be a cost. It would be me and Cheng just messaging each other on slack and nothing happening. So I want to host Akash Insider Appreciation Day. If anyone on this call wants to get involved in the planning. doing the contributing for that to send me a DM on discord. We have plenty of time. It's not until I've had roughly scheduled for December before everyone's gone for the holidays, but if anyone wants to get involved in that activity, I think it's really Highlight our community members. So feel free to message me and we can kind of put that together. Other than that That's it. I wanted to see if you guys had any questions and any feedback any ideas anything you guys want to highlight as a part of this particular call feel free to raise your hand. Otherwise we might be able to wrap up 30 minutes early which is cool.

Adam Wozney: maybe not cool. But I think it's cool. I think we went through a lot today. So any questions feedback or anything at all? Feel free to raise your hand.

Adam Wozney: Got one from Go ahead. Robert.

00:20:00

Robert Del Rey: Hey guys, how's everybody doing? Okay? I see you.

Adam Wozney: Mm-hmm

Robert Del Rey: Okay, Adam thanks for putting this open. Thank you all for joining so I didn't want to add to what you were saying, I want to add another topic and it's about the cash silly initiative. I've been able to discuss with George and with Oakley. And at the moment, it's just a street, designing, the document and designing the campaign we chat last week and yesterday, we made good progress shaping up the campaign, again, And if you want to get involved passed by the Sealy Working group, we have on a cache discord, that's what I wanted to say. Thank you Adam.

Adam Wozney: For And the zili, that's the Web 3 kind of community tool, right?

Robert Del Rey: That's right. It used to be called Crew 3. Exactly crude tree. That was its name and they rebrand to zili.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Very cool. Yeah. I've totally missed that working group.

Robert Del Rey: Yes, sir.

Adam Wozney: I just opened it up right now that you guys have made a lot of progress. That's super exciting. Yeah, I would love to get involved in zelix. I feel like there's a lot of particularly cosmos projects that are involved and it's just a great way to community build. So I think it's really exciting that I would say That's the first time that anyone inside of the community is kind of formed a group started building things out. And we're to the point where we could potentially launch this bad boy. So that's exciting. So if there's anything I can do to help with that, just tag me in that channel and I'll try to get involved when things come up. But yeah, other than that, keep going, that's exciting.

Robert Del Rey: All right, thanks.

Adam Wozney: Cool. And Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, hi guys. So I had one question. I'll do so Robert about the zili. I was talking to post human validators since they're our judges now. one of them right on HACKATHON so they have their own daily page. I guess with lots of followers because they like big validator and they were willing a month before I've talked to them and they were willing to put our challenges into their page. To use their community to horse dancing on a cash. If this would be helpful, I could just connect you guys or as them to Contact us on the discord with this stuff.

Robert Del Rey: That sounds great, I'm happy to use all this pusher, I can get. So if you can put me in contact with this person and we can talk more about it. That'd be awesome, man. Thank you.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, yeah, sure will do and So I know it's not an hour budget for HACKATHON but some guilty funny near a pack region called a row to be a few days ago and said they are looking for projects and sponsors so the HACKATHON and in epic region and ask if we are willing to do that. I didn't reply yet because I don't know if we still like out of budget or we still should consider Should I like forward? Sure to you, something like that. I know.

Adam Wozney: So this is something I'm seeing come up a little bit more frequently basically community members such as yourself saying here's an opportunity for Akash to get involved in this in-person event an XYZ region, it could be a HACKATHON, it could be a conference, could be whatever. Technically the events budget that was approved through the governance proposal early, this year, our specific to those particular events that were on it. However, we do have overage budget for events that we just didn't know about that. We want to get involved in.

Adam Wozney: I think it's worth reviewing these opportunities and then kind of taking them case by case right now not guaranteeing that we can get involved but at least opening up for a discussion because at the end of the day it's not just me deciding, I want community members to be like this seems good. Let's move forward or This is no bueno, you know what I mean? So, I think when these types of opportunities come up taking a route similar to what George has done and the events channel, the working group channel, and discord posted in there,

Adam Wozney: All the information you have about it and what you think the benefit to Akash would be and then the We all as a community can start to review it and be like, Yes, this sounds bad. And it seems like it's a good thing to move forward on. We can see if there's budget from the proposed budget that we have. That's been approved already to sponsor those types of events. But I think it's something that maybe going into 2024. We may want to put together a standalone budget for events that we aren't familiar with. So, basically, that would mean creating two governance proposals for events, one would be for events. We know we want to be at and having allocation for that. And then one would be just a bucket. Basically, x amount of finances set aside for these types of community opportunities where community members can highlight. Here's an event that we should sponsor participate, in whatever having the community decide kind of ad hoc whether or not, we should attend those events. And then the

00:25:00

Adam Wozney: We take those funds and then put them into those events. You know what I mean? So for now I would just say throw it in the events discord channel and we can kind of review it from there. Does that make sense?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Definitely totally. Thanks.

Adam Wozney: Tight, for Any other questions concerns thoughts feedback?

Adam Wozney: Nope, cool. Then I think that's going to be it for this next month community sig call. I don't know when it will happen because I believe I may be out of office for a little while. Thumb up some of you guys, probably know what that is but I won't say it. but if you guys are interested in potentially even hosting some of these communities like calls, I know handful of folks have actually offered to host insider office hours, which I'm super appreciative about. But if anyone from the community is interested in hosting these calls in the future, I think we can work with some OCL members to kind of put together an agenda and then have folks host these calls, because at the end of the day, this is your community, get involved. But other than that, I want to thank you guys for joining this. Month's community, Call the recording, should go live on the website soon and I'll see you in the Metaverse. So, you guys later,

Andrew Gnatyuk: You guys, bye. Thanks for the

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe, everybody.

Max: You guys. Thanks. Adam.

Adam Wozney: You guys.

Julius Haus: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:26:56 ðŸ‘‹


