# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #8

## Agenda
- Planning for upcoming events in 2024.
- High-level overview of Akash Education.
- Review of recent hackathons and their outcomes.
- Discussion about the insider program.
- NodeOps demo

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- Cosmos Hoss
- Damir Simpovic
- George Pro 
- Julius Haus
- Naman Kabra
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, October 10, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Meeting Notes
- Adam discussed the current status of the community, highlighting the completion of the 2023 series of events.
- Mentioned that they are now looking ahead to 2024 and evaluating the community's achievements and future goals.
- Adam mentioned the need to build up AkashEdu and thinking about the next Hackathon.
### 2024 Event Planning
- Adam mentioned that they are working on events for 2024.
- Adam encouraged participants to track and share ideas in the "2023 Events" Discord Channel.
- Adam emphasized the importance of community involvement and making the Akash community more decentralized.
- Adam is planning to host a working group call to discuss the event list, gather community input, and solidify the events list for funding proposals.
- Adam mentioned that this process will happen within the next month.
### Akash Insider Program
- Adam explained the Akash Insider Program, which is community ambassadors praogram of Akash.
- Adam mentioned that he is conducting an audit to assess current members' involvement and looking for ways to increase engagement and support.
- He highlighted the aim of reaching out to inactive members and considering onboarding/offboarding.
- Discussed plans to revamp the Akash Insider Program for the New Year with potential improvements.
### Hackathon Updates
- The first virtual Hackathon with Dorahacks is over, with 24 valid submissions out of 56 (others were spam).
- Adam is discussing ways to decrease spam and potentially hosting another Akash Hackathon in the New Year.
- Adam stated that judges are currently reviewing submissions, and the winners will be announced at the end of the week.
- Adam highlighted that community members are welcome to help organize and put together the new Hackathon.
### AkashEdu
- Adam Wozney discussed the [AkashEdu initiative](https://akashedu.omniflix.tv/), which was launched around five to six months ago with the goal of creating educational content.
- Currently, there is one curriculum available for becoming certified Akash experts, focused on becoming providers on the Akash network.
- The plan is to expand the educational content and curriculum to cover more topics and areas related to Akash.
- Adam is considering how to source content and allocate resources to build up Akash Edu.
- Adam discussed the goal of creating certified Akash experts. He mentioned the need to expand the curriculum and plan for the New Year.
### NodeOps demo
- Naman Kabra introduced [NodeOps](https://akash.nodeops.xyz/), a tool that simplifies Web3 Development infrastructure for new developers. It has been under development for over six months.
- Nodeops aims to streamline the life of node operators and developers, making it easier for developers to work with various app chains within and beyond the Cosmos ecosystem.
- Naman explained that Nodeops leverages AI and focuses on developer tooling and simplifying infrastructure for developers. It offers features like spinning up a node, a developer tooling playground, and automation of various complex tasks involved in setting up infrastructure.
- Adam expressed his appreciation for the demo and asked Naman how long he has been working on NodeOps.
- Naman revealed that the work on NodeOps began in March 2023, with the live launch in mid-July and plans to deploy infrastructure on Akash for new chains.
- Mentioned discussions with Tyler and the Overclock team about template types that would benefit the developer community.
- Tyler thanked Naman for the demo and emphasized the importance of feedback from the community, especially developers and less technical users. 
- Tyler encouraged everyone to continue testing and providing input, highlighting the goal of adding tools to support Akash network adoption.
### Action items
- Adam Wozney to create a rough timeline and proposals for 2024 Akash community initiatives.
- Adam to develop a list of events for 2024 and host a working group call to discuss and finalize the events list.
- Adam to conduct an audit of the Akash insider program.
- Adam to discuss the expansion and improvements in AkashEdu in future sig calls.
- Naman to collaborate with Overclock team to determine useful templates.
  
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, thanks everyone. For joining, today's SIG community call for those that don't know I'm Adam. I had a community for Overclock Labs. I'm basically the Sherpa for these calls but as with all of our SIG calls, always looking further, folks, to jump in and kind of take a leadership role. So, if you're interested, let me know. But in the interim and the foreseeable future, I am happy and obligated to manage these calls. This is the first one we've done in a while. The last one we did was in August in September, there was a handful of events that were going on. So we had to postpone, our regularly, scheduled monthly cost community call until today. But there's a few things that I wanted to cover. And if anyone else has any yet items or questions or anything, just raise your hand. And I'll get you involved in the conversation, but to kind of kick things off. I want to start at a pretty high level. So folks that are just watching this recording or haven't been on this couple before

Adam Wozney: The whole purpose of this call is to kind of discuss support and manage akash community initiatives. They could be anything from events to educational materials to content to Twitter spaces, to even other SIG calls, special interest group calls. So really, it's all about discussing the Akash community at a high level and understanding what we can do to kind of make it better for everyone that's involved. Today's agenda is pretty straightforward. you talk a little bit about the upcoming year. Want to talk about our hackathons that we participated in. We ran recently, talk about upcoming ideas around 2024 events, getting community members involved in upcoming events for 2024 I want to talk briefly about Akash Edu, which I think some of you are familiar with, I'll kind of give a high level. That is

Adam Wozney: Talk a bit about the insider program and then we should have plenty of time to hand it over to naman from node ops to do a quick demo. so before I jump into that, any questions or agenda items that people want to discuss or bring up, you can feel free to put in the chat too as well if you're in a loud space,

Adam Wozney: Cool then Yeah I'll kind of kick things off. So currently I would say where the community stands is 23, series essentially wrapped up at this point. There are no more events that it cautious participating in. We're starting at least on the overclock lab side. Think about 2024 in terms of community, I'm starting to kind of evaluate where we stand as a community today. What have we done over the previous year? What we can do in the future and I think we'll be starting. So in the next community Sig call. My goal is to have kind of a rough timeline or rough outlook or what we can do. what are some proposals, we can put together for 2024 as the Akash community.

Adam Wozney: So where things stand in terms of that is I'm currently working on our events for 2024 2023. We held as the first year that we ever really worked with the community to put together events where Akash could have not just overclock labs representation, where I work in Tyler and others but bring community members into representative cosh to make it more of essentially, a Dow structure. So, I'm thinking about what that looks like. I'm thinking about

Adam Wozney: Continuing to build up Akashi Edu that's been a bit on the back burner, but that's because we had a lot of events going on, and I just really didn't have time to kind of shirp of that. But I'm starting to think about how I can push forward to cash you to educate people on all the different aspects of Akash, so people can become certified. I'm also thinking about what our next HACKATHON looks like, which I'll cover here in a second. And then I am doing a bit of an audit of our current Akash insider program. And for folks, listening on this call, people in the call right now. Cash, insiders are essentially a cautious community ambassadors. They're people representing and events creating content providing community support, doing a handful of different things inside the Kaash community.

Adam Wozney: So, I'm doing a bit of an audit looking through. Who's currently in our program, seeing who still wants to be involved, looking for things that we can do to kind of spur engagement, and support and educate people that are in the program. Then also ramping up onboarding and applications essentially lead generation to get new interested parties to get involved in the community. So that's kind of the high level of where we're at right now and what 2024 looks like still a few months left in planning but I just want to plant seeds of interest for people that want to get involved and what that looks like. Going on to some different community initiatives and projects. So our first ever virtual HACKATHON with door hacks is over, currently the judges are reviewing about 24 submissions of the 56 submissions that came in. why only 24? Because the other 24 were essentially spam. So I'm working with Dora Hacks on figuring out how we can

00:05:00

Adam Wozney: Decrease spam and increase the number of projects that are submitted because I am thinking about another presentation, at least creating a governance proposal on hosting another caution in the New Year TBD. I want that all looks like what the focus of it will be. But anyone inside the community is welcome to help organize and put that together similar to what we did to this previous HACKATHON. what does that mean, essentially creating another working group for a new HACKATHON? So that's kind of where that stands. yeah. Last thing, Is I think we're gonna reveal the winners judges are currently reviewing, but we should be reviewing the winners, hopefully, at the end of this week or early next week, so stay tuned for that.

Adam Wozney: On the event side. Yeah, as I mentioned I'm starting to think about 2024 events where Akash can have representation from the community and from Overclock. So currently I'm starting to develop a list of events that would make sense for a cash to participate in. The plan is, once I have that list ready, I want to host a working group call similar what we're doing right now. Inviting anyone that's a part of the Akashi community to join where we'll discuss the events list that I created? Talk about what doesn't make sense for us to Hear from the community itself on events where maybe missing? Hopefully, solidify that events list. Put it into a governance, proposal for funding, get approval and then start working on what our presence looks like that at those events from sponsorships, to community representation,

Adam Wozney: So that should happen. I would say within the next month or so, stay tuned for that. But if you want to track or you have ideas, head over to the discord Channel, 2023 events to get involved. Go ahead, Andrew.

Adam Wozney: Yep. That's a great idea or Capo Troy so yeah one of the things I want to do I was thinking about similar what I was just talking about and thinking through 2024 is potentially in the next SIG community call doing kind of a recap of 2023 community initiatives which would include that and then kind of plant seeds for what 2024 could potentially look like. So totally with you, makes total sense, Andrew, good feedback.

Adam Wozney: I'm just gonna write that down.

Adam Wozney: next up is yeah Akashi news. So for folks that aren't familiar cashews, something that we launched actually a number of months ago already if you want to review exactly what akashi to use, I'll put in a link in the chat but basically that's the wrong link. I don't know why that one was selected.

Adam Wozney: it is this one copy and go here there, that's the one. So akashi to use, essentially a initiative. we launched maybe five six months ago, all with the goal of creating educational content. So folks could become, certified to cache experts. Currently there's only one curriculum that's loaded, that's entered a pretor. So people can become providers and the cash network. But I think there's a lot of content that we can create the recent akashathon. People will actually created some Kashi. Do you content that? I think we can add to the platform, but my goal is to build that out. So folks can become certified experts. So I'm starting to think about what that looks like going into the New Year, We create we can source content, how we can resource allocate individuals to participate and building up Akashi edu.

Adam Wozney: So, I'm starting to think more about that, and I think that's something that we'll talk about maybe in the next SIG, call or I'll be able to talk about in some of these insider calls that we have for the insider community. So, starting to think about that a bit more And then the last thing that I mentioned before we hand it over to naman for the node ops demo is the Akash insider audit. So currently as I mentioned we have about 50 or so around the world. Insiders for folks that aren't familiar are the akash essentially cost ambassadors. They do all the things that really help make a cosh.

Adam Wozney: Is from creating content to Hunts to participating a hackathons to attending events representing They do a lot of different things. It is totally volunteer based. There are no requirements. The only kind of unwritten rule is If people join the program it's kind of expected that, if you joined it, we thought you'd be someone engaged. So, I'm currently going through our current list of insiders, just seeing when people were active inside of discord, seeing when people have been active at, attending our insider calls just kind of doing a general audit of the insider program right now.

00:10:00

Adam Wozney: so my goal is to reach out to people that haven't been to engaged, see if they're still interested understand where they are and then either, help them kind of off-board or just get a better understanding of what they're interested in. Because we do have a lot of applications that have come in for the insetter program. And I want to make sure that people that we bring on board, when they join our discord channel or jump into the regularly scheduled weekly calls we have for the insiders, it's not a ghost town, that's just not a good onboarding process. So I'm doing a general a caution cider kind of audit, not just, seeing who's participating and who isn't. But also thinking about onboarding off-boarding, what are some new programs or initiatives? We can put together to kind of get people involved. What can we do? A better job in terms of support and education.

Adam Wozney: So I'm hoping to kind of revamp a new and improved in a caution cider program, going into the New Year. I don't see too many giant changes. I think it's at a pretty good stage right now but there's always some room for improvement. So I'm looking at kind of updating the insider program going into the New Year. So with that, those are really the big high level things in the community side that I'm been thinking about. And that I think the community's been working on. Are there any questions comments or any other items that people wanted to discuss before I hand it over to naman from node ops for a demo?

Adam Wozney: If not, that's totally cool. Or if you do have thoughts, feel free to ping me and we can kind of or just go into the discord channels to community discord channel and let folks know there.

Adam Wozney: All So with that, I think we can hand over to Naman for a note Ops demo. Go ahead naman.

Naman Kabra: Hey Thanks, I did have a couple of questions but I think those would be on set after, I quickly walk you through Nodeops is very glad to be here. Guys could to connect with each. One of you just a quick background of when working in the Cosmos space for a while. And node offices essentially something that has been under the hood for, more than six months now. And the reason for that is very clear, we just wanted to have more foundations coming on board and eventually helping each and every foundation to drive more applications and developers towards, building out some crazy apps and use cases, within and beyond the Cosmos ecosystem as Thanks. So I'll just quickly share my screen and walk you through what we've been doing around at Nodeops as well. And I think Tyler has already shared one of the very first

Adam Wozney: Looks good.

Naman Kabra: So Nolox essentially is focusing towards simplifying the Web 3 Development infra for new developers Looking to tap into Building on any particular app chain in this case. Right. So what was the actual motivation for us to build this out? there has been lot of chatter around, Developer experience needs to be improved for onboarding more and more applications from the traditional world towards a particular protocol, or particular app change, And Yeah, I recently have seen, a good amount of traction towards building out some really good use cases as well. But when you look at infra ways applications, and in probe is toolings and setting up things, when it comes to note operations, a lot of the things are redundant, and the process is typically,

Naman Kabra: repeated throughout right and that is where, we started with Node ops as the name, suggest, simplifying, the life for node operators initially, right? So what were the problems for being near developers after talking to multiple developer communities, within and beyond Cosmos couple of things, which we observed was, the struggle when it comes to configuration and troubleshoot.

00:15:00

Naman Kabra: You do to multiple reasons, One of them could be, developer dogs, limited support, in terms of the use cases or limited support in terms of the setup process and getting started, right? So that's where, we're decided to build nodeops, which essentially is one of the very first apps. That is leveraging AI as an infra but more focus towards developer tooling and simplifying, the infra for them to get started, right and a couple of things, which, nodeops eventually provides you is, you can spin up your own, while later node here. So imagine it as a node as a service for anyone to quickly, not just having no code environment, but a low code environment where they get to walk through the entire process as if they're interacting with the document right within what UPS and fried itself and dep.

Naman Kabra: Nakash in this case, And on top of it. The developer tooling infrastructure is nothing but a simple playground, right? Which we have kept very close to, typical ID which developers generally interact with so that it not only acts as your co-pilot but also gives you very updated backend infrastructure when set for you, right? So you not only have to

Naman Kabra: you literally don't have to do anything around initial pre-installation of binaries ensuring that you're using the latest upgrades and interacting with the right rpcs nodes setup All of those things. When it comes to interaction with the chain We take care of setting that up and eventually simplifying this complex loop. When it comes to set up to a very Structured process Driven route for developers to onboard them as an active developer, So all in all the objective remains for developers to focus on the business logic and rest of the things been taking care by no dogs as an infra, where exactly this comes into handy as well? Right. So I think right now, because you were talking about Akashi, do you and a lot of hackathons, as well? One of the

Naman Kabra: Core Challenge for Hackers to participate. the last thing they want is within the 72 hours of Hackathon. they spent two days in just setting up the infra, or two days and just interacting and building out the very base application. All of those things could be easily eliminated when we use something called playground, which I'll also show you, after this slide, which would eventually be for you to just start.

Naman Kabra: Out the application, using the Boilerplate code snippets everything. In terms of test, nets accounts, faucets node interaction. Everything has been set up in the backend already for you, So that is one of the best use cases for such educational tutorial. Workshops wherein, playground become so one stop solution for developers to get started with building out the application and for hackers to quickly validate, whatever they are building, and focus on the application logic again, right? And on top of it.

Naman Kabra: we are going to integrate this playground across multiple developer channels. For example, Dora Hacks being one of them we are in talks with multiple different developer community as well. For example GDC Google Developer community across a pack wherein all the workshops which they organize we would be providing a playground for them and be there. Infrastructure partner so that they can literally consume the playground for the workshops which are very specific to a particular protocol or a chain, right? So that's where we would have a lot of ecosystem. Daps been coming out and build right. We've made more of life close to three to four chains right now. For example, mean Cosmos hub, excellent archway, and akash as well. We spend up with template eyes and automated it. So

Naman Kabra: That we can spin it up for any new chain within seven days, So, I'll quickly show you the current version of Akash as well and walk you through the components of how it looks like throughout, right? So, the signup process is very straightforward because the objective here is to onboard, the newer developers, we are eliminating all the friction in terms of setting up a wallet and stuff, you can literally sign up with Get Up Gmail and get started. You do have an own chain wallet required when you are, having a contribute and own setup, So I'll walk you through that process later but just quickly showing you the components here, So right side is more focus towards just being a Aggregator wherein, what we do is we maintain the most latest, direct access of the links around data sources chain. Registries are PCs for

00:20:00

Naman Kabra: Is Right and Documentation and GitHub for both Mainnet and the latest Testnet. The GitHub section. You see is basically not only tracking the latest commit across the open source repositories of Akash. But there is also an automated vulnerability tracker in the backend. What that would do is let's say if any of the repositories is having we a critical vulnerability, interact by the pipeline, it would automatic

Naman Kabra: Quickly trigger a sticky note here, for developers to ensure that they know that their app might be exposed to certain vulnerabilities. So, because there are no critical to see, your vulnerabilities been tracked, right now by the pipeline, there are no sticky notifications but once the vulnerability is tracked, rather than waiting, for the official communication from the foundations, about the app been exposed, you would directly get a notification right here. So that, this becomes a one-stop solution for developers to also track, what's happening on the get up front, right? So

Naman Kabra: that was more from the data aggregation side, the middle interface is simple, Charge GPA type of interface but the one step ahead, which we are taking it is, the try it functionality, So if you have used anything like geeks for geeks, where you have everything been set in the backend, this is actually very similar to that wherein. All you have to do is select the language, it's like everything in terms of binaries. All of those things has been set up in the backend for you, right? So this acts as a simple CLI which is already been set for you to test out certain quotes snippets when it comes to interacting with the node. let's say there are certain use cases or templates which is literally a mandate when it comes to getting started, right? So for example, if someone is interacting with Akash, that's not right now.

Naman Kabra: And all he wants to do is just have a sent transaction using CLI bin set, rather than asking them to set up the wallet and doing all of those things. We have a one-click deployment here, wherein all you have to do is just update the RPC and you can literally run this code snippet on your own right here, So this templates are right now, just contribute it from our end that is node of steam but very soon we would also have a gamification monetization mechanism wherein any developer can come in contribute the templates and they would be incentivized for those contributions right here so that the data would be automatically trained, we would be very fine. So there would be two sections here. One is very fine and one is So anything that comes from community side of things, Why are this contribute and mechanism would actually be put in under the section and once it's very fine.

Naman Kabra: Goes throughout actual verifications by Boat Devrel team from the foundation, from our. And from our end, we would put it under verified section and then it would be monetized based on every consumption right now to take it a step further, right? That's where the playground comes in, which is

Naman Kabra: Basically a one-stop ID for, anyone to actually get started with building out, So what we do is we have a entire docker based back in province. we maintain everything starting from binaries to the correct set of repositors and this is fully configurable, right? So all we have to do is ask developers to just come here, build out use cases or literally utilize the existing one and everything when it comes to binaries. Yes. As the case is actually been, set in the back and for you, right? So,

Naman Kabra: this eliminates all the configuration side of things for you and you can literally plug in this playground anywhere, So let's say Dora access hosting any HACKATHON, All they have to do is just let us know, what are the core use cases? We take care of the setting up of this infra and giving you a simple widget which you can stick it up on the Dora Hacks website itself. So anyone once click on that playground, they would just be given a sign in button and it would take you directly to the playground or if you are literally hosting some, workshops in Akashi, You can literally have one of the, pop up as sort of widget as playground and anyone can literally play around with the tut.

00:25:00

Naman Kabra: Else as well, So this is what we have created so far. in terms of traction as well, we live with archway version of it mid of July that is July 15th. Within two months, we had close to 6,000 conversations, been done, and

Naman Kabra: Around 120 plus developers coming in and interacting with the playground close to 200 plus containers where built out that is nothing but 200 plus, repositories been out by leveraging playground and templates were consumed as well. And on an average, each developer spend close to six minutes for utilizing templates and playground, which is comparatively longer than what we anticipate them. We want this to be, as quick as possible for developers and for them to literally have the solution for whatever they're looking in less than five minutes. Right. So that's the journey so far. And, we live with just the very first version a couple of things which should be optimizing. Here would be in the template section for and I think this is something which we are in talks with Tyler balls and the Foundation team as well in terms of what type of templates.

Naman Kabra: Would be super helpful for developer community and courses, like Akashi DU and initiatives like hackathons, and also leveraging playground at its best for any kind of node operators related, system here, right? So Yeah, this is the progress right now. I'll be happy to take any questions if you have.

Adam Wozney: That was awesome naman. Thank you so much. Only real quick question Holly. Been working on that.

Naman Kabra: So we've been working on this, since March, right? So first couple of months just went on ideating and simplifying. The UX first setting up the right architecture, we live with Archway in July mid, And after that, we've just been spending it up for multiple chains. Like a car acceler Akash main Cosmos hub as well Tera classic as well. There has been a lot of interest from the Terra Classic Foundation, by the way, for more of their testnet side of things. So we did span of the new top version for them as well because the documentation was a mess after the Tera Collapse Inter Classic Foundation. So, yeah, that's been the journey so far for us.

Adam Wozney: Very cool. thank you for the demo. Any questions for naman before we wrap up today's call?

Adam Wozney: Tyler, go for it.

Tyler Wright: And necessarily a question. But again naman, thank you for the demo. I just want to add if anybody here because I know number of folks here are on the insiders Vanguards can continue to play around with it. I know I put it in discord but if anybody here wants to continue play around with it and give feedback. We're continuing again, That's a great support from folks, like you all on this call that help out with many people that are developers or less technical folks We're just trying to add tools like what no options built. So just again looking for feedback. I just continue getting more adaption on the cash network. So thank you very much. and I guess,

Naman Kabra: Thank you. And this is just the very first version, guys. So, of course, the responses would also be compatibly slows because we have not scaled up the infra since it's been under the testing phase. But the plan is for every new chain, whatever infrastructure we would be setting up for them. We would be deploying it on Akash so that's gonna be the plan and we've been discussing with the foundation around the Process for setting those things up as super excited for it and would love to, hear your feedback, your views and, of course, anything that you see in particular, which we can improve upon as well.

Adam Wozney: Thank you so much Any other final questions for myself naman.

00:30:00

Naman Kabra: Thank you, everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:30:59 ðŸ‘‹








