# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

## Agenda
- Overview Of Community Sig Group
- Discussion on 2024 Events Working Group
- Discussion on Hackathon Working Group
- Community Support Proposal
- Community Recap blog post
- AkashEdu Progress

## Participants
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Dimokus
- George Pro 
- Kamuel Bob
- Robert Del Rey

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, November 15, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

# Meeting Notes

### Overview Of the Community Sig Group
##### Adam Wozney: 
- Adam Wozney welcomes everyone to the November special interest group Community call.
- Focus on discussing, supporting, and managing Akash Community initiatives.
- Mentions the Events Working Group as a successful example of a community initiative.
- Special Interest Groups (SIGs) are constants throughout Akash's lifespan.
- SIG calls lead to the formation of working groups with specific timelines and task-oriented goals.
- Explains the iterative nature of SIGs and working groups using the example of the first Akashathon.
- Highlights the success of working groups, citing the positive outcome of the 2023 events working group.

### 2024 Events Working Group
##### Adam Wozney: 
- Working group has met twice to discuss events for 2024.
- Proposal is [live on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/380) for community review and discussion.
- The proposal covers event selection, resource requirements from the community pool, and a proposed budget.
- Discussion period on GitHub until November 27.
- Not a fund withdrawal proposal, but a signaling proposal for community agreement.
- If passed in December, a resourcing proposal will follow for event logistics, sponsorships, etc.
- Adam acknowledges his role in leading the organization of Akash's presence at events.
- Suggests the continuation of his role as the lead organizer unless there are significant objections.
- Assures the community that all event details will be made public before implementation.
- Community members are encouraged to review and provide feedback on the GitHub discussions for transparency.

### Hackathon Working Group
#### Adam Wozney: 
###### Hackathon Overview:
- Formation of a working group around the first Akash hackathon discussed.
- Acknowledgment of both positive and negative outcomes from the initial Akash hackathon.
- Acknowledges the beneficial role of hackathons in onboarding new developers to the Akash ecosystem.
- Highlights the purpose of providing tools, training, and resources to encourage building on the Akash Network.

###### Post-Hackathon Actions:
- Proposed Changes for Next Year's Hackathon:
- Proposes a rough plan for three hackathons in the next year, spaced approximately every three or four months.
- Key focus on determining the budget considering Akash's delegation of tokens to Dorahacks.
- Highlights that 70% of staking rewards delegated to Dorahacks will return to the community pool for prizes and hackathon operations.
- Contemplates using Dorahacks resources for prizes or potentially requesting additional funding for prize amounts.
- Open discussion on whether to increase, decrease, or maintain the prize amounts from the initial 50k USD.

####  Robert Del Rey:
- Asks about the possibility of obtaining Twitter data to measure the reach of the Akash hackathon.
- Expresses curiosity about the Twitter metrics during the hackathon and its impact on developer attention.

#### Adam Wozney:
- Responds that tracking Twitter metrics is challenging, and he doesn't recall if there was a specific hashtag for the hackathon.
- Suggests combining retrospective documents from various sources, including dorahacks and internal discussions.
- Proposes including the compiled information in the end-of-year report and community section for a comprehensive overview.

### Community Support Proposal
##### Adam Wozney:
- Adam introduces the Community Support Proposal, a project he has been working on.
- Considers the possibility of creating a working group for further collaboration but acknowledges the existing number of SIGs and working groups.
- Describes the Akash Vanguards program as community technical support, content creators, and event organizers.
- Specifies that the proposal includes a budget for the Akash Vanguards program, which involves incentives and rewards based on program requirements.
- Outlines the inclusion of a budget for specific roles at Akash, such as community manager roles.
- Clarifies that the exact nature of these roles is still under debate and development.
- Details a budget for bounties and rewards, offering a straightforward mechanism for the community to propose and fund specific tasks or projects.
- Explains that bounties are funds allocated for community proposals, allowing individuals to contribute to Akash-related goal
- Consider the possibility of creating a working group for the Community Support Proposal.
- Highlights the ongoing development of the proposal in collaboration with members of Overclock.
- Plans to share the proposal on GitHub discussions for community feedback.
- After incorporating feedback, the proposal will be presented for a governance vote.
- Aims to have the proposal live for a community governance vote before the end of the year.

### Akash Community Recap Blog Post 
##### Adam Wozney:
- Adam Wozney discusses the agenda item of the 2023 Akash Community Recap blog post.
- Mentions ongoing collaboration with the PR agency at Overclock Labs to draft the year in review for the Akash ecosystem.
- Specifies that the blog post will encompass product launches, mainnet launches, and the significant addition of GPUs to the network.
- Highlights the importance of including community-related activities in the recap.
- Encourages community members to contribute by suggesting specific highlights, initiatives, or programs.
- Urges participants to share ideas in the Sig Community Channel or send direct messages, expressing interest in community input.
### AkashEdu Progress
- Acknowledges the launch of Akash Edu earlier in the year with one curriculum.
- Highlights the addition of two new videos created after the recent hackathon, featuring Robert and another community member.
- Mentions two more videos in progress, one on putting GPUs onto the network and another on terraforming a project.
- Proposes adding the new curriculums and video demos to Akash Edu to enrich the educational content.
- Discusses ongoing collaboration with Omniflix for platform updates streamlining the Signup Process:
- Shares concerns about the complexity of the current signup process on Akash Edu.
- Anticipates a smoother journey for users interested in Akash Edu, eliminating unnecessary roadblocks.
### Community Awareness and Engagement:
- Robert expresses concern about how to engage and update the community effectively, considering the diverse audience, including both tech-savvy developers and general community members.
- Adam acknowledges the challenge and provides insights into various initiatives to address this issue.
##### Approaches to Community Engagement:
###### Events Participation:
- Adam highlights events as a way to engage and introduce more people to Akash.
###### Hackathons:
- Adam acknowledges the positive impact of hackathons in bringing new developers and insiders to the community.
- Acknowledges the need to improve tracking methods to measure the effectiveness of hackathons in onboarding new members.
###### Community Support Proposal:
- Stresses the importance of a robust support system, particularly through the vanguards program, to ensure timely responses to technical queries.
- Recognizes the potential negative impact on the community if technical questions go unanswered.
###### Akash Edu:
- Adam Highlights Akash Edu as a valuable tool for onboarding individuals interested in Akash but unsure how to get started.
- Acknowledges the need for more automation and user-friendly processes in education initiatives.
###### Local Meetup Groups and Regional Engagement:
- Adam expresses support for Robert's initiative of local meetup groups, seeing it as a valuable way to engage with the broader crypto community.
- Shares the desire to build on this idea and utilize the Insiders program to introduce Akash to new communities.
###### Scaling Community Activities:
- Adam emphasizes the need to scale community activities and create a flywheel effect by involving more community members.
- Envisions a cycle where increased community involvement leads to successful tracking, enabling the request for more resources, which, in turn, attracts more community members.
- Acknowledges the current robust of the Akash Community in terms of active contributors and members.
- Expresses the intention to grow and scale the community in the upcoming year.
###### Call for Ideas and Contributions:
- Encourages community members to share ideas on reaching new audiences and increasing Akash involvement.
- Suggests posting ideas in the Community Sig Channel or the Insider Chat.
- Proposes the creation of a proposal template to make it easier for community members to present their ideas coherently.
- Outlines potential components of the template, including an idea overview, impetus, timeline, resource needs, and forecasted outcomes.
### Other Matters discussed
#### Idea Review and Working Groups:
- Andrew raises the question of who will review community ideas and work on them.
Adam outlines a potential process:
- Community members submit their ideas using a proposed template.
- Ideas are shared in the community, inviting comments and suggestions.
- If the idea gains interest, it could lead to the creation of a working group.
- Working groups can further refine and develop the idea.
- For resource-intensive projects, a community support proposal can be initiated.
- Adam emphasizes that the entire community has the opportunity to review and contribute to ideas.
## Action Item
- Adam to finalize the hackathon proposal and budget.
- Adam to Schedule a hackathon working group call before the year-end to review the proposal
- Adam to finalise the Community support proposal before the year ends
- Adam to  Work closely with Omniflix to implement AkashEdu platform updates and streamlined signup process.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, welcome everyone to November's Sig special interest group Community call. I think it's the first one we've done in a couple months. I'm actually gonna have my video off because I'm just right and I've been on video calls all day and I can't help I got to stop looking at myself. So my video will be off but I'm a real person and I'm happy to leave this community call. Just as a reminder. we're getting someone else. Let me add them in here.

Adam Wozney: Just as a reminder the community Sig call at least the definition of the community sake call is to discuss support and manage Akash Community initiatives a good example of an Akash Community initiative is what formed out of our very first special interest group Community call the events working group and just as another quick reminder special interest groups basically live on they're kind of constants throughout the lifespan of Akash and the ecosystem there's clients. There's website there's design there's a bunch of other special interest group calls and from those calls working groups can be formed and working groups are meant to have kind of a timeline. They're almost more task iative related. So good example of that is 2023 events. I think we're officially done with 2023 working group and now we're on to 2024 events. So it's a new working group. That's formed proc same.

Adam Wozney: Is just a different working group another good example of that is the first akashathon that we did last year or this year. That working group were really well. I think we had a lot of key learnings from this act from that hackathon, but that Spawn from this call. So I think this is an opportunity for folks that have ideas on larger tail initiatives to kind of, share those ideas get feedback and then look for additional resources or support and proposing those ideas potentially to get funding or other folks involved in those initiatives.

Adam Wozney: so that's the community Sig group. We have a couple agenda items to cover a lot of them are things that I'd probably covered in previous Sig calls for Community, but I wanted to see before I Are there any agenda items that you guys would like to discuss or bring up for consideration before I get into my agenda items anything that's top of mind for you in relation to how we can discuss support and manage the Akash Community initiatives. Look at the chat, if there's anything on here. Oops, looks like we're good. Cool. So, there's really one two, three four five things. I want to cover today. So the first thing I want to talk about was our 2024 events working group.

Adam Wozney: We're at the point now where we've met as a working group twice. We've discussed upcoming events in 2024 that we think it makes sense for a cost to participate in and from that we've all gone back to our corners and The Proposal is live right now for discussion on GitHub. And I'll put a link in the chat if you guys want to review it, if you haven't seen it. Basically this proposal is kind of a signaling proposal. So what you're going to see here as soon as I put in the chat. There you go is the high level on how we as working group decided on which events. We believe the cost should have a presence at We discussed and decided on how much we would need to pull for resources from the community pool for 2024 events.

Adam Wozney: It lists the meetings we had and recordings to those meetings and then it actually showcases the final 2024 event proposal. So this is going to live for discussions on GitHub until the 27th of November. So basically another little under two weeks. People have already started putting comments in there so far. It's been positive views. So nothing really we have to update on the proposal because this is just a signaling proposal. We're not pulling money out of the community pool yet. This is basically saying the community agrees that the events that we have listed and the proposed budget that we will pull from the community pool is okay.

Adam Wozney: Once that goes up for a vote in December. Hopefully it passes again. It's just signaling. So we're not gonna pull any money from the community pool at this point. But if it passes we're going to put together a resourcing proposal and that proposal will be just spend for events that we want a cost to have a presence at each of those events have already been determined by the community. They're all listed in the high level Community signaling proposal that's live right now for review and if that q1 proposal passes, then we basically have budget to start debating and deciding what we want to do at these events who can go and start locking in the logistics and sponsorships and all the other side of an activities that happen at these conferences and events up until this point.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney: It's been me essentially leading the charge on organizing what our presence looks like at events. But a lot of folks in this call and in across the community have helped with the deciding who goes what we what people can do to support the events on site and all that stuff. So unless there's any, giant issue with people saying no, we don't want Adam to leave these events anymore, which I understand I can be annoying sometimes.

Adam Wozney: We can kind of continue to use me as the kind of the sherpa for these activities, but all of these events, will be made public before they go live all the details on who's going and what we'll be doing there is live for the community to review. So everything will be very Case by case. But I'm one final note on this is events. I mentioned this in the proposal. It's not a perfect science. So things can change, we might decide we don't want to go to an event in a specific quarter and that's fine all the resources that we pull off from the community pool per quarter. Go right back into the community pool that aren't used. go and review the events that are upcoming leave your feedback and the GitHub discussions. There's two more weeks before we put this proposal live so we can still have time to update it or add some notes, but I think it's pretty well thought out is the second time we're doing it. So we're getting better at kind.

Adam Wozney: event proposals any questions on upcoming events as a part of the community Sig

Adam Wozney: I think be look good cool. next up is the hackathon. So yeah as mentioned from these calls we formed a working group around a first Akash hackathon, there were good things that happened as a part of the Akash acted on there were bad things, but that's okay the goal really for me for my perspective of the working group for that this first Akash hackathon was to learn what doesn't work because I know and I think

Adam Wozney: Folks in this call would agree. Hosting hackathons is a beneficial way to bring on new developers into the ecosystem to introduce them to Akash and to give them the tools training and resources to hopefully build on the Akash Network, which is good overall. So from those key learnings, we had a retro call with the different community members that participated in support we had call set with door hacks, which was our hackathon service provider and we're starting to work on the budget right now for next year's hackathon. This year will be a little different the next year and I'm still putting together a rough proposal and I want to set up a hackathon working group called before the years out to kind of discuss the proposal that I'm working on but the idea is right now at a high level I want to potentially host three hackathons next year, basically. every, three or four months.

Adam Wozney: TBD and what we want people to build TBD on the timing and all that stuff, but the big question that we need to kind of figure out right now is budget because since Akash is delegating tokens to Door hacks to be able to use their platform 70% of the staking rewards that door acts will go right back into the community pool for prize winnings and for the operations of the hackathon.

Adam Wozney: So because of that we might be able to just use door hacks resources for prizes or we might want to in The Proposal ask for a small amount of additional funding for prize amounts. Because the first one we did was 50k USD. We didn't spend it all which was good went back into the community pool. The next ones we might want to raise it. We might want to lower it TVD. We're still kind of working on that. So the hackathon's idea right now is still kind of being locked in in terms of what the proposal looks like and the budget but the goal is once I have that and kind of a good spot. I want to set up a hackathon working group call where I can review The Proposal of folks that want to join that call and then see if there's any issues and if not that will go through a very similar process as the events calls and go up for GitHub for discussions for review and then any issues or ideas we can Implement into a potential proposal for 2024 hackathons.

Adam Wozney: So that's kind of where it stands right now any questions on the hackathon working group?

Adam Wozney: All right. go ahead Robert.

00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: Hi all again about that the hackathon Adam. For the next working group. Do you think it's possible maybe to have the Twitter data to see how many reach that cash hackathon had during that time because during hackathons like you say, I agree with you hackathons, bring lots of developers and lots of attention to the network that is hosting the hackathon. So I'm curious on how that data on Twitter look like while Akash was doing the hackathon if you know what I mean.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, totally. I'm not sure I can't remember if we had a specific hashtag for the conscientathon. Twitter metrics are kind of difficult to track. So I don't know if we have anything from the akashathon that we can share in an easily digestible format where you can kind of see how many people liked or retweeted or shared or whatever. I think we use the hashtag akashathon. I can't remember but I would have to look into that. we did a couple Retros one with door hacks one with the ins.

Adam Wozney: Is that participate in supporting the hackathon and I think we did one internally just at overclock labs to kind of talk about it. So I think if anything what I can do can combine those retro docs that I've created to maybe do and include in our end-of-year report that we're working on right now to put out as a newsletter blast and as a blog post 2023 Akash Network and review there will be a community section there. So I think that's something we can maybe include in that but I think that's a good idea.

Adam Wozney: cool all right. Next up is a community support proposal and this is something that I've been kind of working on by myself. It might be worth maybe even creating a working group around this. I don't know if we want to do another one. I feel like there's enough sigs and working groups as it is. but if it is something that you guys think is valuable maybe we could open it up to the rest of the community be like, hey help us kind of Define community support at Akash and basically the community support rules that I'm working on is something that we also did last year. It's essentially a resourcing proposal from the community pool to Resource the Akash vanguards program.

Adam Wozney: Which is kind of our community technical support and content creators and event organizers all the people that are actively doing things for There are requirements the part of the vanguards program. So because our requirements there is incentives and rewards as a part of that so it would include in a budget for that. There's also going to be a budget for specific roles at a cautious essentially contract workers. So Community manager roles still working on exactly what that looks like. It's still up for debate. But the idea behind that is finding people that can kind of work on specific tasks for Akash and that's essentially their roles. And then finally there's a bounties rewards and bounties rewards are basically pretty straightforward. It's like a bucket of funds that the community can propose. we need this belt or hey, can someone help create that and we'll put out a bounty for it. So there's really three separate kind of

Adam Wozney: Did proposals inside the community support proposal that I've been working on along with some members of overclock? And the idea behind that is once it's ready to kind of be shared. We'll put it up and GitHub discussions for Community feedback. Once we implement the feedback. We'll put it online for a governance vote. And if it passes then we'll have budget for vanguards next year. We'll have for bunties budget for some kind of specific tailored goals that are beneficial to the Akash community. So that's still under development. I'm hoping to get both the hackathon and this community support proposal live in the next week or two. And that way events hackathons and Community Support can all live for Community governance vote before the end of the year so we can hit 2024 running to kind of start doing all the stuff that we're talking about here. So right now from now into the end of the year, it's a lot of planning around support props.

Adam Wozney: Any questions on the support props that I mentioned Community Support hackathons or events.

Adam Wozney: No, go ahead Andrew. You can type itâ€¦

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Then okay.

Adam Wozney: if you need to.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I just be quiet. So, we had lost the overhead also additional budget for the bounties. And did you spend some of those did work we have bounties that problem is this part?

Adam Wozney: Sorry say that part again.

Andrew Gnatyuk: That we had about a budget for a bounties for last year, So did we spend some of those budget money for bounties?

00:15:00

Adam Wozney: Yes.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I did we have some bounties.

Adam Wozney: Yes, I believe we did Tyler has been the one mostly mostly and actually Zach to a certain extent because he's been working with folks like dimokus and chimpa and maybe even you Andrew on specific tasks. So I would have to check with him to see what was spent and what wasn't spent throughout the year. Also Scott. UE he's the one that kind of manages he's the master of coin for all of these kind of programs so he has a lot of that data in front of him. He's not on this call, but if you are interested you could tag them in the community Sig Channel and say hey, I just want to know how much was spent and how much wasn't spent from 2023 on the money side if you're interested in learning more.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I'll just ask him. Thanks.

Adam Wozney: Cool for And that's actually a perfect transition to my second to last kind of agenda item today, which is the 2023 kind of Akash Community Recap blog post So currently we're working with our PR agency at overclock labs to draft a kind of 2023 year in review for the entire Akashi ecosystem. It will include, product launches. It will create mainnet launches. I don't include obviously gpus added to the network will be a big part of about that and it'll be a community part as well.

Adam Wozney: I wanted to pitch to you guys that if there's anything specific that you want to highlight things that you were working on or things that you think were interesting that of benefit to the ecosystem. Feel free to send me or message the Sig Community Channel say, hey, I think it'd be great to highlight this activity or this initiative or this program that we worked on collectively as a community in that blog post. There's only all sorts of data in there.

Adam Wozney: spend from the community pool for I thought the hackathon that we ran to our events that we actually participated in. So we're looking to kind of put essentially it's going to be a 2023 recap report on the Akashi ecosystem. Not just Community, but I want Community have a big part of that. So if you are there is anything that you'd like to think about that still a few weeks till that would go live. But if you have ideas put it into the community Sig Channel and we can make sure to add that into the report that will go out at the end of the year. So I wanted to mention that

Adam Wozney: and then the last thing is Akash edu, so personally the four things and Robert's very familiar as I've been chatting with him about it the four things that I'm very much focused on up until 2024 where I can start executing on this stuff is the events getting budget approved from the community pool for that so we can actually start attending events and getting insiders to represent a cash out events. One is the hackathons that I want to run three. Hopefully hackathons next year. There's a lot of planning that goes into that. The community support proposal, for vanguards budget for bounties budget for specific roles. And the final leg is Akash edu, Kashi to you is something that we really launched, earlier this year and I would say too much fanfare but because it was the first time we're doing this there was a lot of Road.

Adam Wozney: Stocks to kind of going through the program. We only had one curriculum added. But after this past hackathon, there were two new videos created one from actually Robert on this call one from another Community member and then there are two other videos one from someone that overclock on how to put gpus onto the network and then also one from an Insider Mr. Luna who's been developing a video on how to terraform a project that he's been building out for a while now because there are four essentially curriculums or for new video demos. I thought we should add those to shi to you. I'm also working with omniflexes are platform for Akashi to you currently if you actually go through the platform. It's a little bit too difficult in my opinion you have to apply and then you have to whitelist your akt address and then you have to get an nft just to gain access to the prerequisites docs and is just a lot of roadblocks to kind of having it turnkey.

Adam Wozney: People just to go and actually get this education and get an ft saying that they've accomplished it. So a flex is about halfway through their update to the sign up process for Akashi to you. and basically the signup process is gonna be much more streamlined. So all we have to do now is point people you want to learn about You want to get an nft for going through a curriculum go to this website once they're on that website. They'll just log in through their Kepler wallet and then they're gonna access to prerequisites the video demo and the quiz and then once they pass the quiz they get an nft.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney: So the idea is we're gonna add four new videos which will to us five videos on different aspects of Akash teaching people about how to do things on the network and then also getting them streamlined. So all we have to do is point people to the website and we gain access to the folks that have passed these courses, who they are. There will be a contact collection form so we can reach out to people after the fact when we have new courses that go up. So that's the main focus for me. I would say over the next, one and a half months before the end of the year is to get the events hackathon Community Support proposals past and then I can work on all the things that are aligned with that and then included in that is Akashi to you updating that sign up process and once the curriculum is added once the sign-up process has been simplified. Then I can start working on adding more curriculum tokashi to you.

Adam Wozney: If you look at across Cosmos, there's really only one other similar platform that has an educational platform and They have kind of a Builders education platform, but that is a lot more handholdy. It's like a six week course, you have to sign up that people that actually host workshops. because we're pretty small team because we want to make this TurnKey as possible. We want to make this automated. So the goal of Akash edu is to make this an automated process where all we have to do at a certain point is just add new curriculum to the course and then people can go through it without us having to kind of hand hold them. So those are really the big four things on the community side. I would say that is being built out over the next few months here. So that's kind of it for the

Adam Wozney: for the updates. Do you guys have any questions on anything that we covered Akashi to you Community Support hackathons events.

Adam Wozney: Cool seems like everyone has a pretty good understanding.

Adam Wozney: Go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I guess that's the thing like the people. Very simple with the community the most and even those that are building developers. Usually we are very up to date about what is happening with the network. I'm just wondering now how we could

Adam Wozney: Yeah. I mean, I would say there's so everything I kind of mentioned is kind of what for me personally because I work on this full-time and I know you guys kind of a lot of you, volunteer your time or you're part of the vanguards program to kind of get involved.

Adam Wozney: I would say the events that we are participating in that's one Avenue of getting more people involved in Akash because we're meeting people on site and getting them to apply to insiders inviting them into our community. One. Other thing is the hackathons. I think from this past hackathon. There's a couple insiders we got out of it. We introduced a costume people that didn't know what Akash which I think is beneficial. I think we could do a little better job of Tracking how many people join the network from that hackathon? And that's a key learning from this last one.

Adam Wozney: The community support prop that's a big part of it because vanguards being able to respond to Community Technical Support questions in a timely manner is essential the worst thing that can happen is somebody finds a caution. They're really interested and excited about it. they go to Discord and ask a technical question and they get radio silence and nobody responds to it. That's a death knell for a community. So I think getting those support proposals are all super beneficial because it's focused on awareness getting people into the network and support and then Akashi you for people that maybe are interested in Akash, but don't know how to get started. That's a way to kind of get people onboarded and get them involved. The one thing that I really want to do on top of these things and this is something that I want to build out maybe with community members as well. One is what you're working on Robert which is kind of local meetup groups where people can actually host meetups in their regions. Not just about a cash but about crypto

Adam Wozney: I think that's a great idea and that's something I've wanted to do for years. And I think we're just about at the point where we can start building that out. And then in addition to that, I think there are other ways that we can utilize the Insiders program to introduce a cost to new communities. We're pretty small team. I actually just got off a call with one of my former colleagues that works at consensus and just to put it in perspective. I'm the only one that's full-time working on community initiatives for overclock Labs at consensus. They have a team of about 12 Community people managing a pretty Global program. There are definitely things about their program that don't make any sense. But there are definitely things about their program that makes a lot of sense and it really just comes down to bandwidth and the availability to people to work full-time and knowing who has the skill set to do specific tasks as a part of community building.

00:25:00

Adam Wozney: Because it's not just the fact of saying hey, let's go out to different communities and let people know to gosh that's cool. And that's great. But how do we actively track and measure the success of initiatives? That's how we get resources for future activities. It's great saying, hey, we want to host, a bunch of meetups all around the world and people are doing it cool sounds good on paper. How are we tracking the success of those activities? That's how we can get additional resources and funding.

Adam Wozney: For getting more community activities going and it becomes kind of a flywheel effect, more people involved the more you can track it if tracking successful you can ask for more resources to get more people involved and then it goes back to finding more community members and I would say since I've been here this is probably the most solid the Akash Community has been in terms of community members that are active in terms of people that are contributing but now we're at the point where going into next year. I want to kind of grow it I want to scale it and the things that I'm mentioning right now the support proposals Akashi all of this stuff goes into that higher level kind of vision of what the Akash Community can be. But as always if people have ideas.

Adam Wozney: On ways they can reach new audience members get more people involved in Akash and what we're doing here throw them into the community Sig Channel if you're an Insider, which I think most everyone on this call is you can put your Insider ideas Insider chat. I would say if you're really serious about a specific idea. The best thing you can do is create a document on it. and I'm actually going to make a note and this is something that might be beneficial for folks. make a note on this just for myself. documentation on your ideas

Adam Wozney: Create template.

Adam Wozney: Template so one maybe thing that I'm gonna take away from this is I've been doing community building for 10 years now. I'm an old salt. one thing that I think that could be helpful for folks that have great ideas and just don't know where to start I think something I can go back and do is create a proposal template so similar to the GitHub proposals for people that want Community Resources. I think I can make people's lives a little easier that have ideas to pitch and ways they want to support together template that people can just fill out and that would include an overview of your idea the impetus of your idea. why you think this is a good idea the timeline for building out your idea from inception to launch if there's resources needed in terms of financial resources or swag or just other people to help you free resources. That's a big one.

Adam Wozney: And then what the proposed or forecasted outcomes over that timeline look like that is something that I think I could put together that would make it a little bit easier for folks that have ideas on ways. They can find your community members launch specific programs or initiatives because at the end of the day, you have to sell your ideas to not only myself and overclock Labs members, but the community itself. I know if somebody came to me and said hey, I have a great idea to do XYZ thing I'd say that's awesome. Do you have something I can review because that's where you can actually start building out your idea. your ideas really don't become real until you put pen to paper and I think that's something that needs to happen for every good idea. Otherwise, it's just nothing it doesn't exist.

Adam Wozney: So I think that's something that's a way I can help folks that are interested in doing things that we're not doing right now get resources funding support. So I made a note of that and I think that's kind of a good idea to put together folks that want to build things out and create new things that don't exist yet as a part of the ecosystem.

Adam Wozney: Cool any other thoughts ideas or feedback before we wrap up today's Community sake call?

00:30:00

Adam Wozney: if you guys wait actually says who will review those ideas who will be working with the guy who have ideas. great question Andrew, so just kind of spitballing here. I would say let's say Andrew you're like, I really think it would be awesome if akash, Had some form of I don't know.

Adam Wozney: Let's see here. I think we should start to host or create telegram groups that are language specific people in Costa Rica people in Japan people here people there. I love it on paper. I love The template that I think I could create would list out the overview of your idea. why you think it's important the timeline for creating it the resources needed into forecasted outcomes. And then once that document is filled out, I think the best place to share that would be probably first thing is put it on the community hey guys, here's an idea. I've been thinking about for a while would love your guys's thoughts and feedback open it up for comments suggestions, whatever from there. It could go into the potential creation of a working group where people Join that call that are specifically interested in that idea.

Adam Wozney: And then from there if resources are required, you could create a community support proposal. You could put it up and potentially get funding and then once you have that funding you're basically able to go and build out this idea. As for who's reviewing those it's no particular person. It's the whole Community. It's people that are part of this that want to get involved. If nobody, contributes to that idea then you still have the ability to go and put it up on line or up on chain for a vote if there's no resources needed you could just go do the idea. There's no one stopping you anything that's free. You guys can go do that's one thing I think people don't realize if you have a good idea and you don't think it's gonna cost you anything to do it, but it's gonna be successful and you really want to get involved. You can just go do it. I think for most people though, they're probably gonna look for some sort of financial resources to kind of

Adam Wozney: Dedicate their time to building out something but if you don't need those resources, you're able to do it. So high level answer for you Andrew. Is anyone can review those ideas it all would go online. It would all go in the Discord Channel people can put their thoughts and feedback in and then it kind of goes from there. There's no single person that says yes or no to potentially developing those things. I hope that answers your question.

Adam Wozney: cool anything else before we wrap up today's call?

Adam Wozney: thank you guys for joining November's Community sake call. I'm sure December we're gonna have a handful of things to cover again. Hopefully a lot of the stuff that we caught talked about today will be wrapped up or live online for votes, but I'm excited. I think 2024 is gonna be a huge year for Akash and for community. So thank you guys as always for joining this call. If you have any feedback thoughts questions head over to the community Sig Channel and leave your notes in there. But with that as always I'll see you guys in the matter verse. Take care everybody.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Stay safe everybody.

Meeting ended after 00:33:37 ðŸ‘‹

 
