# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda
- Discuss progress made since the last call and identify new initiatives to work on.
- Review of the community initiatives and programs that have been developed and launched, including the Insiders and Vanguards programs.
- Discussion and feedback on the community initiatives within Akash.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, March 14, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Notes
- During the meeting, Adam Wozney, Head of Community for Akash, kicked off the call and began recording the session. 
- Adam provided a reminder of the purpose of the Community-SIG, which is to discuss, support, and manage Akash community initiatives.

### Community Programs 

Adam Wozney provided an update on Akash Community programs:

- **Insiders program:** Volunteer-based program for people who want to get more involved in Akash activities.
Members can participate in various activities, from joining discord channels to developing content.
Currently has 50 members globally. Adam clarifies that the insiders program, being totally volunteer-based, does not need to go through a governance proposal. However, the vanguards proposal would have to go through that process because it requires resourcing. Long-term vision is to have a presence in every time zone. Adam Wozney is still onboarding new members.
- **Vanguards program:** Paid community support representatives.
Members dedicate part of their time to helping support community questions.
They can also choose to participate in other activities, such as events or content creation.
Adam Wozney invites anyone interested in the program to send him a DM on Discord.
- He explains that payments for the program currently go out through OverclockLabs team, but they want to switch to a community-funded and supported activity. 
- Adam is working on a governance proposal to be posted on Github for discussion, which will include information about who the individuals in the program are, their responsibilities, and how to support their initiatives. The goal is to get some resourcing from the community fund to support those initiatives and onboard more vanguards to participate in community activities consistently.

### **Note Taking**
- Adam thanks the participants who have volunteered to help take notes during the numerous meetings that take place in the New Year.
- Adam mentions that it is virtually impossible for the OverclockLabs team to support all these meetings and take notes for posterity.
- He expresses gratitude for those who raised their hands to help take notes and mentions that he has a rough document that displays the structure of the notes taking idea, which he will share with the note-takers.


### Community Contribution Page

- During the meeting, Adam Wozney brought up the topic of creating a Community Contributions page in Akash Network website. 
- Adam explained that the purpose of the Community Contributions page is to provide a place where people can see what the community is building and what contributions have been made so far.  
- Adam mentioned that he had submitted a pull request for the Community Contributions page about a month ago, and it had recently been approved. 
- The page will be split into videos and written guides.
- The idea is to have a central repository for anyone interested in Akash to learn more about what the community is building
- The page is expected to be live by the next call

### Discussing Topics From The Previous Community SIG Call
- Adam explained that he has been leading and putting together their ambassador or insiders program, events and different community activities. With the new framework, community members have the opportunity to participate in community activities and develop their own strategies through governance proposals and discussions which is the core behind the Community Special Groups.

**2023-events Working Group:** The 2023-events Working Group was formed to determine which events Akash should attend, the resources needed, and who would participate in them. [A governance proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/99) was put together and listed on GitHub for potential events Akash should attend. The budget was also allocated for these events.
- The next step is to get the proposal on-chain for a governance vote.
- Adam Wozney highlighted that all the details are available on the github discussion and discord channels for transparency and community feedback.
- He also mentioned upcoming events and the need to know the resources available before committing to them.

**Akash Hackathon Working Group:**  Adam discussed the progress of the HACKATHON idea and aims to launch it within two months and complete it by the summer. Adam mentioned that a Work group call was made to discuss the resourcing and roles for the hackathon.
- Adam is hoping to get feedback by the end of the week to put together a proper governance proposal and work with a validator to get the proposal on-chain for voting.
- Adam explained that, it will take time to put the hackathon together, and roles such as managing, creating rules, marketing, and partnering with sponsors need to be allocated.
- Adam has started the process of bidding on the tooling and resources for the hackathon, and Devpost and DoraHacks has been considered as a potential partner.


**Crew3 Working Group:** a Web3 community building tool, was discussed
- Andrew and Robert are noted as leading the Crew3 effort, but there are no updates to share at the moment
- Adam offers to support the effort and directs the group to the Discord channel for updates
- Adam suggested that the participants can catch up on this later on and continue the discussion on the discord channel.
- Robert asked if they should add a Crew3 update to Github. Adam suggested that they wait until they've discussed it further in working group calls and on Discord, and agreed that they need resourcing before they add it to Github.

### New Community Initiatives

 Adam Wozney brought up two small things that he had realized during the EthDenver conference. First, people are very passionate and excited about Cosmos. EthDenver had 10x more Cosmos-related activities than the previous year, and there is no animosity between the Cosmos and Ethereum communities. Second, there isn't alignment on community activities that are happening between projects, and some projects don't have proper community representation.

To address this, Adam has taken upon himself to start reaching out to different Cosmos projects and finding individuals or small groups of individuals that are leading community strategy for those projects. He wants to bring them together in a working group to align community strategies and support each other. 


Adam also noticed that there is no repository of all the Cosmos in-person activities happening around the world in 2023 and has created a spreadsheet to keep track of them and plans to share it in the Discord channel. The idea behind this is to avoid missing out on events as it happened last year.

### Other Matters Discussed.
Coney Daddy is working on a saga video and has been busy, but he's glad to make it to the community call.
Andrew Gnatyuk expresses concern about the impact of taking 10% from the community pool for events on the token price.
Adam Wozney responds to the concern by explaining that events are not a perfect science and the proposal has rough math around different tiered events. He mentions that the resources needed for events would go from the community pool into a separate wallet and all the unused resources will go back into the community pool at the end of the year. He also notes that from his experience, the actual cost of events is generally much less than the initial budget.

## Action Items
- The Crew3 Working Group will provide updates on the Discord channel and discuss further in working group calls.
- The 2023-events Working Group will get the proposal on-chain for community voting.
- Adam Wozney to put together a proper governance proposal for the Hackathon idea and work with a validator to get the proposal on-chain for voting.
- Adam Wozney to start reaching out to different Cosmos projects and finding individuals or small groups of individuals that are leading communities.
- Adam Wozney to work on a governance proposal to switch payments for the Vanguards program to a community-funded.

# **Transcript**
