

# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, January 31, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://fss4l23i24p6gntryybnqrr5mss4u2bhkutvcdq7avzexqhchida.arweave.net/LKXF62jXH-M2ccYC2EY9ZKXKaCdVJ1EOHwVyS8DiOgY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Agenda

- Upcoming events
- Bounties
- The Insiders/Vanguards Program
- Akash EDU


## Participants
- Adam Delderfield 
- Adam Wozney 
- Andrew Gnatyuk 
- Anil Murty 
- Boz Menzalji 
- Cheng Wang 
- Denis Lelic 
- envy 
- George Pro 
- Joao Luna 
- Julius Haus
- Luca Fortes 
- Max 
- Poroburu 
- Robert 
- Rodrigo R. 
- Russell From 
- Scott Hewitson 
- Tyler Wright 
- Zach Horn

### Meeting Notes:


- Sig-Community structure was outlined by Adam Wozney.
- Insiders/Vanguards Program at Akash [link](https://akash.network/community/insiders/)
- [Governance Proposal](https://github.com/akash-network/community/discussions/categories/governance-proposals)
- [Crew 3 Community tool](https://crew3.xyz) was discussed as way to promote engagement and gamify community growth at Akash. Some participants had use the tool in the past with other projects, and thought it may be worth exploring at Akash. 
- There was a discussion around whether a working group for "Crew3" was necessary. It was determined by the the participants that a working group makes sense. 
- With many events happenning in Crypto, it is important for the community to make sure we can be represented at as many events as possible. It was determined that a working group for "Events 2023" was necessary to have consistent conversations about potential events, experiences, and budget for attendance.
- New education curriculum is coming with Praetor very soon. Adam Wozney is also talking to Max from Cloudmos to create a similar curriculum.
- The participants determined that "education" is a big enough theme to be a Special Interest group; not just a working group.

### Hackathons
- A theme that Adam Wozney wants to focus on for 2023 is Hackathons. Whether Akash members participate in hackathons, or whether Akash hosts hackathons, it is important to highlight 
- Akash owned [hackathon](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AE0k3QdejTY-s3B7zTZuCP06A5ie8n_yXF_lZGmUKUc/edit)
- Do we need a working group for Hackathon program?

### Action Items:

- Robert will create a working group for "Crew3".
- Adam Wozney will Create working group for "Events 2023".
- Adam Wozney will create a Sig for "Education".
- Participants should review [Hackathon doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AE0k3QdejTY-s3B7zTZuCP06A5ie8n_yXF_lZGmUKUc/edit) from Adam Wozney
- Adam Wozney will create a working group for "Hackathon".


## **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: To record this. All right, I'll say the welcome again. Welcome everyone for joining today's hit first ever community SIG meeting for folks. That haven't met me, but I think everyone this call. I know I'm Adam, I had a community at Overclock Labs, and I'm kind of leading the SIG right now, but, you know, maybe someday someone else can leave the snake. That's what the whole point of this new kind of framework is Today, I kind of put together a very rough agenda. I put it inside the discord channel with a few ideas and some things we could talk about. But this is definitely meant to be open to people's thoughts opinions feedback. So if there's anything missing or did anything you wanted to discuss, what's you, feel free to raise your hand, we can jump in and kind of go from there.

Adam Wozney:  Um, I did want to maybe very briefly hand the mic to Tyler, just because Tyler's been involved. If you've attended other SIG meetings, he's seen kind of how the operations of these have all gone from the recording of this, where the recording will live where people can put in their thoughts around agenda, topics items, things like that. But I wanted to see if Tyler maybe you could briefly talk about kind of how these sibs Sigs have kind of operated in the past and how you see the community say kind of operating going off of those previous meetings.

Tyler Wright: No. Absolutely. Um and I think Anil's here and he can feel free to chime and as well but much like many of the past Sigs Obviously sick community has a number of focuses on you Adam and other members of leadership who can identify themselves. At any point, we will look to have discussions between meetings using discord to continue to push topics conversations forward. But really want to use these six to have like conversations about things that are important to Akash and really whether it be something that we need to turn into a working group, to discuss further or whether it's something that we should talk about implementing, whether it's a HACKATHON or specific initiative, the members of this SIG and the participants in the SIG can work together to make those kind of decisions and really, if we need any support from other,

Tyler Wright:  Working groups or any other special interest groups, or we need to talk to the steering or this SIG needs to talk to steering committee about that. Then again, representatives from the SIG can show up at the steering committee and bring up relevant topics at that point. But it's really, again, GitHub is where the meeting notes will go in some conversations will go. If there's any specific projects that come out of SIG community, the work that will be done around those projects will live in SIG community. And then again, the discord channel, which many of you use a fair amount, will be a place for continuous conversation between meetings to happen. Because again, these great these meetings are great but the conversation and ideas that happened between meetings is also very important. I know that you have anything to offer. I don't want to put you on the spot. I know that you have a lot going on.

Anil Murty: I know that's a pretty good recap. Sounds great. And yeah if there's any you know part of it is also us figuring out how to actually run these things. The sigs in our group.

Tyler Wright: Yep.

Anil Murty: So something's may not be 100% perfect.

Adam Wozney: It.

Anil Murty: Although Adam Wozney's doing an amazing job of some of the other six that wiki top. So if there's any suggestions any ideas, you know, if they do, post them up on any of the C channels or the general discord channels and we'll take those into account.

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely again. If anybody again wants to be participating in a larger role right now. Again, the notes are recorded and transcribed from there. We'll take some high level notes, but anybody here can participate in adding to those notes and submitting a PR. If they have ideas or thoughts that they thought were important from a meeting, feel free to add those notes. Um, I'd also be open to again leadership in any of the sigs that wants to be like a secretary note-taker. And I know that there is some Akt available to those that may want to take on a little bit, more of a leadership role in kind of managing notes. And up, keeping things related to this SIG and maybe other sigs and github. So it's just something to keep in the back of your mind.

Adam Wozney: Cool. And I thought a good way to kind of kick off this since this is our first one, it's kind of just the definition around or how I'm thinking about and this is open for feedback and discussion. It might be even worth throwing in the Our Github website. What the definition of this kind of community say is so you understand what the purpose of this one is compared to some of the other other kind of sigs that have been launched. And very quickly, if you haven't learned SIG is short, for special, interest group, basically, taking things that you're interested in, or you'd like to participate in or ways that you think you could potentially get involved using like things you're, you know, interested in getting involved in and defining things, building things around that subject or that feature that product launch, whatever, whatever it might be.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney:  So the way I'm kind of thinking about this community saying is very similar to a program. I think almost everyone on this call. Except for maybe a few of you are not familiar with it's called the Akash insiders. It's basically our community leaders community ambassadors, community evangelists. They're folks that have raised their hands saying Hey I want to get a little bit more involved in Akash. How can I go about doing that the joint essentially this ambassador group? And from there we have regular calls with Private discord channel. And then we look for other additional ways, to kind of work with folks that are interested in what's going on at Akash to kind of develop community activations, initiatives rewards programs around, kind of community building

Adam Wozney:  Um, so the way the insiders program is kind of built out is very similar to how I see the SIG group, kind of potentially being built out. But maybe with the SIG, there will actually be more funds and ways to kind of get involved in what's happening on a community level and within community activations within Akash. So, the first kind of pillar as I described the insiders program, and how I think of the SIG, the SIG Working Group is community, moderators people, who are actively involved in discord. People who are answering questions instead of telegram, people who, you know, attend regular meetings, people who are kind of involved, like, all of you are right now.

Adam Wozney:  Um, the second kind of pillar of the insiders group. And again, similar to how I see the SIG potentially build out is content contributors, so people who have developed written guides or created videos around akash or around decentralized, cloud, or even around Cosmo seekers and beyond people who have actually developed content. That is educational and informative and nature. And in the final leg that I'm kind of unit. As like event organizers, people who are hosting in person events and their region, people who are hosting online events, live streams, Twitter spaces, events looking for ways to kind of support and work with those individuals. So that kind of continue to what to do. What they've already been organically you

Adam Wozney:  That's how I'm kind of defining the community SIG group. Does that seem to resonate with you all and maybe if you have a thought or a suggestion kind of raise your hand? If not, I'll assume that you guys kind of agree that that seems like a good kind of framework for how we can kind of approach the community SIG. Any thoughts suggestions? We got a thumbs up. That's a good sign.

Adam Wozney: All right. Cool. Okay. Yeah, oh, here's again. I think he was giving me a thumbs up, or do you have a question? Thumbs up.

Cheng Wang: No. Sorry it was a wrong wrong finger.

Adam Wozney: No, no worries, cool. And for, folks on this call, I see a couple names that are not involved in the insiders group and I think a handful of you already are insiders. But if you want to get involved, the insiders group. Just let me know, I or maybe Tyler. If you can do me a favor and inside the chat, just throw in the Caution Cider sign up form, or just on the website, they Couch Network website, that's where you can go and sign up. It's just a simple application.

Tyler Wright: and,

Adam Wozney: I usually reach out to those individuals set up a call, kind of understand if it makes sense. If they're interested, then add them to our private discord channel and add them to our weekly calls on community updates. Cool. Thank you, Tyler. Um, next up. So there was something that you you mentioned Tyler around taking notes. So yeah, so these meetings I'm expecting there might be a lot of things that come up outside of like the agenda that I maybe throw together to kind of kick off conversations but we are looking for potential note takers. So basically I think that's someone that will take notes on everything that's been brought up discussion points things. We need to follow up on these calls are happening monthly. Is that correct? Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely yes, that is correct.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. And as for support for that, I we do have a budget now. I don't know. And this again, I'm going back to Tyler. I don't know if that's that budget is coming from. Oh, go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yep, I can jump in there for that. I hear budget and my ears per cup. So, for absolutely, for, for anyone in the community, and this isn't limited to one person for any one individual, who wants to participate and help in any way shape or form. Even if you're not technical, for example like myself, I'm not very technical, but from administrative or operational standpoint. Absolutely anyone can contribute to that and SIG meetings happen once a month, working groups, probably a bit more frequently. For example, the one working group we've had for a few iterations of is the provider Content. Moderation. Working Group, which means, I believe by weekly. And so to that end, we'll have, you know, several meetings per week on a regular basis. And these meetings are of course, recorded for video and audio. And then transcribe the, you know, Google's AI transcription tool, which isn't perfect, one of the big things is no, you know. Very few people I think are going to watch half an hour hour long video.

00:10:00

Cheng Wang:  Read through transcripts that may or may not be very legible. So notes are really important to condense saline points. So that when people come in, it's basically a tldr right? Like Hey, I wonder what happened in this meeting. I want to go in and figure it out or Hey, I participate in this meeting two months ago, I kind of forget what was discussed in the last couple. Let me get a refresher, you're not gonna go through like 5,000 lines of transcription, right? So the notes here to condense, what was discuss is super duper important and then the budget here would be for each completed note, You know, section that can be. I mean you can commit to get help in a pool request and you know, the powers that be will approve that. Exactly exactly as Anil said in the note below.

Cheng Wang:  And we can, you know, walk you through the process of a whomever is interested. Please reach out to Adam or any one of us and the budget is $50 us in Akt for each completed, note session at this point in time where that'll come out of for the time being it'll come out of Overclock labs the Treasury at this point in time, but ultimately on a go forward basis will be covered by the community pool and it will be funded via governance proposal. So hypothetically we had you know, 100 meetings from here to the end of the year. You know, $50 times that that'll be the amount of Akt would request. And then, you know, we would probably do a true up if there's Akt price moves dramatically.

Adam Wozney: Cool. And this actually goes into something that because of the first community SIG and unfortunately I wasn't able to tend previous ones. One of the goals for I think all these SIG calls are to propose. New features proposed community activities. That folks on this call outside of people from Overclock Labs or folks on the leadership side of these SIG, working groups is to get funding for these for these initiatives. I have my own thoughts on how that process works but I wanted to see while I have Tyler because I think that's gonna be one of the things from this. I think some folks might say, Hey, I can do this and it's gonna be free. But, you know, I really want to participate in kind of this this program and they can just kind of go and do it without, you know, any kind of, you know, vetting process, but some initiatives. As an example events, say there's an event coming up in your local region that you really think we beneficial to a costume. You want to represent Akash there.

Adam Wozney:  You want to go to this event, you need a little bit of funds to get some swag or to host an event. The process for that isn't really quite defined yet, or I want to maybe see if you guys can give an update on What is the process for everyone in this call because I'm sure there's a lot of ideas, like screaming around in people's heads and how to participate. But, you know, budget lays into this stuff. So I'm wondering Maybe Tyler Cheng or Anil has that been kind of defined yet, or what does that look like in terms of getting a budget for initiatives?

Cheng Wang: It's a, it's a great question. As far as have we defined it. No, in terms of where I think my suggestion is a good place to talk about it. Initially it's a lay that groundwork I think having that conversation here at this level will be perfect, but to discuss events specifically that community members can attend. What is the mechanism for them to participate in online offline in person, whatever? Right. I think we probably should spin up a working group for that working group events so that we can talk about that subject in a more contained fashion, right? Because community will touch all of those things and more. So that's my suggestion and but we haven't yet define exactly how people will go about doing it again. As far as funding goes, that would be, it's up to us to the side as well. Us meaning not just, you know, overclock labs individuals but also for the community members, who have a thought or idea as far as how they think it could be best designed. So,

Cheng Wang:  In terms of funding, is it on a event by event basis and we submit separate proposals for each one of these and is there a nomination process? Volunteer process. Like What does that mean? And ultimately like, you know, not everyone can say, Hey, I want to go to this place because it's cool to visit and just that kind of couch it in that in some like random thing that just kind of burns away funds for her. No good reason that I have to be a good process for vetting. You know, this person's contribution to some events, maybe it's based on their historical contributions or to date whatever they may be. But I'm just highlighting that there's there's a lot of there. A lot of moving parts that we would have to flesh on and a working group and that's what a working group, would be great at on the output of that would be some sort of document right outlining. What the process would be what the channels would look like, how many could participate potential budgets and all that? So I highly recommend working.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney: so,

Adam Wozney:  Would. So that's helpful. So would you say And this is, I'm kind of, I feel like I'm asking this on behalf of the community, I'm a little interested in this too because this is the first 36, I think this is the opportunity for us to kind of like figure this out a bit. But um would you say one of the best ways to go about proposing potential community funds for an initiative? Whether it's, you know a new feature on the network or an event is spending up a working group developing a proposal and then once that proposal is created, go to the steering community where it can be discussed, demo decided on and then with the steering community agrees that this is the right move. Does it go up to like the community for like a governance vote similar? Like how all these props within Cosmos? Have governance boats, and there's a lot of fun conversations that can happen in those forums? Or is it really just steering communities? Kind of the the siding factor to say, Okay? This sounds good, let's move forward on it.

Cheng Wang: No, I think what you outlined is exactly it. So working group would discuss exactly what you talked about once that proposal comes out of the working group, it goes up to the SIG first actually, so the SIG will say, You know what, this is good. We like it or Hey, this isn't good requires more work, pushes it back down to the working group to, you know, you would red line it or something like that, right? And the working group would complete the document, not documentation, but the proposal, right? And once that proposal is approved, then sent up to the SIG and that's good to go. I'm, I would think it would probably be green lit by the the Syrian committee but at that point in time. But once it's Greenland by the SIG that can already go into discussions on GitHub again, right, for governance. Proposal like, If you wanted to the, If the SIG decides, Hey, we want to submit a governance proposal. As is based on these particular parameters that we've already worked on and they're approved. We can go ahead and push.

Cheng Wang:  If not, then you can push it to discussions. Yeah, go ahead. Now,

Anil Murty: Yeah, just also a couple of other things. Worth mentioning is one for people that are not familiar with the idea of work groups because I know Chengy and Adam both of referenced idea. Working groups, the idea of working groups essentially is the way they're different from Sigs is Sigs are dealing with things that are happening on an ongoing basis. So these are for things that pertain to that specific verticals, in this case It's community it could be, you know clients it could be providers something else. If there's like just, you know, ongoing maintenance things. Those get that by the SIG. So for example, if there's, you know, regular bugs that are reported by the community for, for providers those get prioritized by the same providers. Similarly, if there's, you know, something to discuss about insider program or something that's already in implemented, and being worked on those, get discussed by the Sigs, but if it's something brand new and it's a significant initiative. So let's say, You know, this year, there's cost more what's happening and we want to kind of figure out what a game plan is for that, that would be a good example of something that spins up as a working group, right? So that's kind of one mission to keep in mind.

Anil Murty: And then the second thing, what mentioning is? There is going to be a governance proposal, that's going to be coming out soon and this will be discussed at the economics SIG, which I think is tomorrow…

Adam Wozney: The.

Anil Murty: where we will or Greg will outline a proposal for how, you know, there's gonna be a more sustainable way of finding any of these things that get approved program, it's proposal. And then the last thing I'll say before I stop talking is pretty much testing pointed out, You know, it's great to bring up these. The SIG Sig leads would bring up a lot of these things at the steering committee. But then, there's obviously going to be situations where something needs to be acted on faster than when a steering committee would meet because you committee meets once a month, a great way to discuss that is on the Github discussions and see if there's enough momentum. Then it, you know, there's something that you can propose as a governance proposal.

Adam Wozney: Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Well I just wanted to point out like one thing or two things really is the end of the day. Anyone can put up a proposal at any point without any of the working groups without the sigs without any of this stuff, anyone can put up a proposal and it can be voted on all this is doing is providing like a formal structure and it's like, Hey, this this proposal has the stamp of approval of the of the steering committee and you know, people have looked at this and so when people who aren't in it they see this. Okay. Yeah it's it's a good requirement. Um, you know, to I think in Andrew, put in the chat. You know every event? Yeah, it's for doing. If we're doing proposals for every chat or for doing proposals, for every event, I just think it gets kind of cumbersome. So, what I would propose is, you know, we take a look, we can do a working group, we look at events and then,

00:20:00

Scott Hewitson:  you know, you have say, there's ten events that are of interest this year, and then you say All right, you know, this event, we're gonna get three slots, maybe one, technical, two non-technical and you know, Say like Put up these put up like slots for it. Not like people but say, Hey we're gonna allocate slots and then from there, you know, once it's passed, it's funny. Then we can kind of, you know, together decide who goes or what. But yeah. It I don't think we can do proposals for everything. It's just going to get two cumbersome on the network.

Tyler Wright: One thing.

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, Adam just quickly worth adding is just to add on to what Anil was saying because we meet on these special interest groups on a monthly basis and just add to Cheng as well. You have, if let's say the meeting we happen today for community, Sigs, our next one is in a month from now. We can still develop a working group that can meet in a short amount of time. We can figure all this stuff out. Via discord had the working group have a session, create some sort of speck or PRD close that working group and that can all happen before the next special interest group meeting. You know. So there is working groups can have a speed and efficiency that like special interest groups have a normal cadence. So, you know, you can still be pretty quick and efficient in how work gets done. How product specs get developed

Adam Wozney: Correct. Cool. Any other questions on the process? On the process of kind of coming up with proposals getting approvals potentially getting budget. George's interested in note-taking. We're just Adam Cool. Yeah, that wasn't maybe another question, maybe Tyler. I'm assuming the best place to kind of have follow-ups on some of the topics that we bring up in, these calls is just go on to discord and tag. The person leading these individual sigs,

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Yeah. Just going to discord in the respective channel and were those conversations will continue to get monitored and then if we need to follow up with you, about access to Github or whatever, we can do that,

Adam Wozney: Cool, cool. All right. So I have a couple agenda items and I'm looking at time I think these go 45 minutes. Is that right? Tyler. Oh no it's our. Okay cool. So I have time to and then we can have some time after this. Oh go ahead Andrew before jump in.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, hi guys, I'm sorry I'm a little quietly maybe. So um what about are they stop the original stuff. So let's say we have like I have a deal with for Hector for us with Let's say salana but they kicking off in two weeks and we need like five hundred grand for that happen but it's gonna be a huge deal. Can be like can we somehow deals this without like going all this through this comedies…

Adam Wozney: It.

Andrew Gnatyuk: if it's an ocean deal or not. That houses will.

Adam Wozney: Like a fat like a fast track. You're saying. Got it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah. Is there is any possibility or

Adam Wozney: I'm assuming Yeah, I'm assuming in Tyler, I saw you unmuted so you might have something. I'm assuming the best place to bring up these kind of fast-tracked initiatives would be making it known in the discord channel, sharing with maybe some of the steering committee members and saying We need to know pretty soon to to like ramp up this initiative and then it's kind of a decision based on that. There wouldn't be really time for kind of a proper community forum and governance around it. It would just basically did be decide on by the steering committee. Is that your thoughts Tyler or Cheng?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that my thoughts were had the conversation in real time in discord and special interest group. And then if it's something that needs to be fast-tracked weakening that the desire pathwork, either be spin up a working group and figure out something. In a timely fashion again, a working group could live for a day if it needs to. Um, or again, depending on the initiative, we can figure out some sort of track and where the funds theoretically would come from.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I would, I would propose what we do for these types of things is what you're proposing. Andrew Wright is could be batched into, for example, hackathon rewards, or something like that. And so, in that, in that,

Cheng Wang: If we were to do that, we could say the community SIG could then submit a proposal to say, Look, we would like to fund this particular wallet with this much Akt has a budget anticipating to use, you know, over the course of this time. And each time we use it for some specific reason it would be documented,…

00:25:00

Adam Wozney: It.

Cheng Wang: right? So in other words, you would prefund an account with a slightly larger amount such that and on a go forward basis, you wouldn't have to request or submit a governance request or spin up a group, every single time for every small thing.

Adam Wozney: and,

Cheng Wang: But that remains just be that. That's just my purpose, right? So if you want to, if you knew you wanted to do 10 hackathons over the course of a year, you wouldn't necessarily do a separate governance proposal for hackathon rewards or whatever it is every single time 10 Separate times, right? You would just do it once and say, We're gonna participate in this many hackathons we anticipate this many rewards and then if there needs to be a true midway through the year or quarter or whatever it may be, we can do that. But so that way can A bit more. Just the lower on the overhead.

Adam Wozney: Cool, cool. Awesome. So I have a couple things that I wanted to cover and we're in regards to potential working groups, but before I did that, I wanted to open it up to a couple folks on this call. I believe it's Andrew and Robert in the community SIG discord chat. You've mentioned this tool called Crew 3. I believe it's kind of like a community social networking, kind of organizational tool. I wanted to see if you guys can maybe chat a little bit of what your thoughts around. We're around crew three and like, how we can potentially use it as a part of this new kind of akash framework with sigs and working groups and whatnot.

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Robert.

Robert: Awesome, Adam. Thanks for asking. So about through three I've seen it implemented in a few cosmos networks like you Me Crescent Network and others, how they use it. And how I believe we a cash can use it to take advantage of the platform. Is basically to gain exposure and ensures how it works. Let's say, I the organizer. I prefer some missions. Let's say you gotta like and retweet one of cash to it. For example, people go ahead and do that and they claim on the mission and they earn points for that. so, what this networks do is like,

Robert:  Every month, they go to the leaderboard and the top contributors, some of them get paid, for example, in secret to get paid to do some of the missions. But if you do like content, if you help people in the community you can earn more points and and since they are in the top of the of the leaderboard, right? They get contributed in entry. So yeah, I believe if it's a good tool if we want to get more people involved and it looks like a game the user interface for me looks great so far, they have they have done a few upgrades if you want the alpha, I actually am testing the platform out myself. So we can implement the artist taking and see how we can make that work with the staking community. So yeah, I have no issues and in training it out, I believe it's a great tool so maybe Andrew has some more folks on it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so um, this actually can be as far as as I get it. I didn't like quite a participate in this stuff, but as far as I get it, it's on connected with discord and you can give like a explicit dykes tasks based on what role you have in this course. Let's say you are like tested participant. Yeah, they can have like, task to test the console, or test some box, or like, write some feedback, right? Or you're a deploy or a validate or you can or provider, right? Or like test provider, you can like try new features on some our partnerships like handy host or like or bright or, you know, like set up a provider try it, since about sense of feedback and and the main point is it you don't pay everyone. You like have a little board and you say like, Hey is this like that people can get like really well, and if he's from a cash right or this one, can get some Akt.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Some sweat, you know? And the rewards can be different and like many people can join like this is a big platform and just like it's just a step and we can give like as many rewards as you want and it's like pretty much can be really cheap and like forward and with like rewarding for us.

Adam Wozney: Very cool. Does it How I mean I guess how would you all suggest approaching potential implementation of Crew 3? Like What would that look like? I'm assuming we'd want to maybe spin up. I don't know if we want to spend up a working for everything we're talking about because some of these things we can kind of go about on our own path. But um, is this something that you think would be worth while potentially spinning up a working group and talking about how we can implement it and kind of the community SIG framework? Go ahead and enter.

00:30:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I guess it's better to work. Do you do the working group? Since it's not just about like implementing it. It's about like creating the missions for the grocery, right? And connecting with different six and see if they need some help with with their stuff, they're doing, you know,

Adam Wozney: Very cool. And Robert.

Robert: yeah, you know, something else I'm thinking is that What I've seen so far is like Super Community focus, like Do this on Twitter, follow this page whatever but I just thought about this and maybe we can expand a later after I tell you. But what if we could create missions? That are focus to providers or focus to people that want to host things on a cache.

Adam Wozney: It.

Robert: For example, there is one mission that you can set up and they can upload a file, an image or even a text. We can make A mission and if someone can prove that they're hosting something on a cash, can be whatever. With that, maybe they can earn some credits in Akat for their deployments and stuff. I don't know if I'm making sense to you or…

Adam Wozney: No, it definitely.

Robert: you're getting like the idea,

Adam Wozney: No, I I think it makes total sense. Um, oh. Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. And I think that makes total sense and this kind of feeds a little bit into what we were lightly ideating within this internal group before which is a bounties.

Adam Wozney: So instead of I think we're all kind of in agreeing for this is something worth, kind of building out potentially instead of chatting about it more because I think there's maybe some other stuff we can we can talk about here. Why don't we add this to a working group and folks that want to join that can jump in and working groups? I'm assuming Tyler and correct me if I'm wrong, we're gonna spin up meetings like this whenever they feel like it and then in terms they just use our discord chat for talking about specific things within Networking group is that right? Cool, cool.

Tyler Wright: That is correct. Yes. There is a specific function. So like, at least for the time being, please include me if you if you decide to spin up a working group meeting just because even if I'm just there as a A tool to hit the Record button and hit the Transcribe button. We just want to make sure that everything we do on this. Special interest groups and working groups is publicly available and publicly seen. So yeah,

Adam Wozney:  And I think maybe a good way to approach working groups. Is if there's a minimum of three people in these community SIG calls that agree that something should be approached and initiative should be developed if there's three people Then. I think it's worthwhile to spin up a wording group and start discussing, because more people might jump in at a later date and the next community sig call, There will actually be some updates in regards to that working group, that was decided upon in those previous community calls. Does that feel right to everyone?

Tyler Wright: I I second that.

Adam Wozney: Okay, a lot of thumbs up. Awesome. Love the thumbs up features. This is great. Cool. So I'm gonna add crew 3 to a working group. We'll start a conversation. It's gonna be. We just make those public, right? Tyler. We don't feel like add anyone and then people can just kind of jump in.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly.

Adam Wozney:  Okay, perfect. So I'm gonna add a crew, three Working Group. Oh, and actually one final question on the working groups, Tyler, and this is actually more for me, so I'll probably be the one to spin it up. Can anyone spin up these working groups? And discord, it has to come down to like an admin because I think only admins can actually spin up new channels and discord.

Tyler Wright:  Um, no, no, I think anyone can spin up a channel, I believe Luna's was did the SIG design channel. Go ahead and

Anil Murty: Oh yeah, I'm not sure about speaking about discussion, but you can definitely create a repository in Github, which is really the official thing, right? The github.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Anil Murty: The discord is just for discussions, but github is the source of truth, right? So anybody can create a submit a pull request for creating a repository for adding any files or changing code whatever on the Akash community Reposit repository. So one way to, you know, make this official is to submit a pull request for working group, which would basically be a fold, a subfolder under the community depository and then my general suggestion and you know that we have done this with some of the other working groups as well. The best effective use of time if you're gonna bring you know 10 15 People. In this working group is for somebody to write a rough proposal of what at least like, you know, bulleted list of. Hey, this is kind of the things we want to talk about or at least ideally, if possible like a proposal for what you think, the ideal solution is or the problems I just

00:35:00

Adam Wozney: Got it and actually quick question on that on that Anil in regards to proposals. So before we'd even launch this discord channel, we'd go into Github and put in a proposal is there. And, and actually haven't seen, I'm assuming there's a place where do we go? Where do folks go to actually create these proposals?

Anil Murty: The first thing you want to do is you want to create a sub repository, or a folder essentially subfolder under the Community folder. So here is an example of one. This is a work group for GPUs.

Adam Wozney: and,

Anil Murty: All it is is a folder under Community Akash Network, Akash Network, Slash community. Similarly for provider attributes or client libraries. So you know Luna's leading a client libraries effort that has a working group, you know? Once you do that and create that even if you can't create the discord channel, one of us can go and create this Scott channel for you once we see this.

Adam Wozney:  Got it. Cool, Tyler that's unmuted.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, just going to say, just to keep the same syntax. So just WG lowercase and then dash. And then the name of the Specific Working Group and then we can update the Readme file. You can update the readme file as well. I think again, Luna has a good example for a sig designs that he did Luna. I'm gonna follow up with you about the time.

Adam Wozney:  Cool cool. All right so we've already formed or at least we're proposing a working group. That's great. Thanks guys. There are three other working groups that I've been thinking about that. I think most of you might be familiar with two. You're probably. Can kind of see the writing in the wall and one is something that I've been thinking about for a long time and now with this new kind of community framework, I think it makes sense to propose this and I've already started to work on a bit of a proposal for it. But the first one is around events. There are thousands of events that take place every year, some more important than others. Some

Adam Wozney:  There's more involvement than others to participate in them. I'm not going to be discussing East Denver. This was either US folks from Overclock Labs attending East Denver to actually participate in the HACKATHON and speak. At some of the events was kind of decided late last year before this new framework was kind of implemented. So youth numbers kind of a side note, but if you are interested in getting involved Denver, or you want to attend or somehow participate, in some way, just DM mean, we can kind of discuss that offline, but I do think it's worthwhile getting kind of a community consensus around potential events that we believe we should be at creating proposals for that. And then also getting resources for whatever we decide to do at those particular events. And the only way to do that would be to form an event working group. I think I already maybe added or maybe I don't remember Cheng, maybe you added but I think we have an event working group inside of the discord already. But yeah, Cozmo versus absolutely Luna. That's definitely on the short list for what we should be participating at some shape or fashion but I think the best

Adam Wozney:  Step for this is to create a github page, around working group events, create a discord channel, around events, and start talking about. And maybe in the next community, call presenting to the rest of the folks, in this call are rough ideas on what events. We think we should take place in what our potential spend be things like that. So, if I get thumbs up from most everyone and I'm thinking most people in this call are down for it to start a working group for events and I see two already Tyler. You don't count that we need other, We need help, you don't count either Scott. We need other folks that are in this call. If they give thumbs up, We got Andrew, Julius. Okay, now, we got three. That's, that's an official agreeing. We are gonna launch a or I'll propose of working group inside the Discord and, and Github. And we'll be launching that. And for participation in that just jump into the discord channel. Oh, Rodrigo. Go for it.

Adam Wozney:  That works. That works. Um, cool. So oh Mr. Luna go for it.

00:40:00

Adam Wozney:  Totally.

Joao Luna: Best way to proceed, but

Scott Hewitson: 2023 events.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's the point that we're working group for every year,…

Adam Wozney: Yeah, so that's

Tyler Wright: I get…

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright: what you're saying, Luna but the thought processes we the beginning in would be right now. The end they would be at the end of the year and we would just focus on this year and then we make a new working group for 2024 and beyond.

Adam Wozney: Yep, exactly.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah. Now that that's good. Okay.

Adam Wozney: Cool, cool.

Adam Wozney:  So that's one working group. And I have that as on my list of to-does after this call, the next kind of idea around a working group that I've had is around education. So you might have seen, I think most of you on this call, I've seen Akash edu with our first curriculum being with pretor that is still kind of under development. They're doing round two testing. I think a handful of you guys have been doing round two testing. I was hoping by the end of this week, we will launch it. I'm not sure if we're gonna be able to, it's kind of an ongoing saga but the idea around Akashi, do you working group was to outside of just akash? Ecosystem partners like pretor Eventually. I'd love to get Terraform on there. I've been working with Maxine for Cloud. Most, that's kind of the next curriculum. Was things external to just ecosystem partners and actually getting folks that are interested in presenting curriculum and creating video guides around specific subjects within decentralized cloud or even crypto spinning up. A working group on what that could potentially.

Adam Wozney:  Look like right now. We're partnering with omniflex to host. All of this content, it's where the quiz will be, it's where the demos will be. It's we're prerequisites. Will be people that go through these curriculums will actually get nfts saying that they've finished and, and have passed these quizzes that are taking place inside of them. But I do think it'd be worthwhile to get expand upon the rough idea that has been built out around, Akashi, to you on having just ecosystem partners, but I would love to get folks feedback on on education on curriculum around Akash does a working group sound like something that should take place? Do you think if I just keep kind of building out in the path that I've been doing? That's okay, what are your guys's? General thoughts, around Akash and Education? Do you think it makes sense to launch a working group?

Adam Wozney:  Oh, got a go for it.

Anil Murty: We actually. Yes, I we actually have a SIG for education. because so, I think we know.

Adam Wozney: so we we combined it into community because I thought that this is…

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Adam Wozney: where we'd bring up this subject matter I…

Anil Murty:  Got it, nice.

Adam Wozney: because there's a lot of there's a lot of content that's developed as part of like community bounties and community content. That's just fits under community that could be also called education. And I was trying to limit the scope and just kind of have like communities the hub for all community activities and then spawning off like educational, you know, working groups of whatnot. But I mean do other folks think it's worth while having a call specific to education. If not don't raise a hand, or put in your thoughts right now.

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I think it's worthwhile for the community the group here to discuss within asynchronously. If anything, you know, then in in this quarter, I think it definitely is worthwhile.

Adam Wozney:  Got it. I'm go ahead. Adam first, then we'll go to envy

Adam Delderfield: Sorry, he's trying to figure out how to get my mic on. You able to hear me. Um, it's a little bit stop.

Adam Wozney: Um, it's a little bit. It's a little bit silent but

Adam Delderfield: It's a little bit silent. Oh, I try speaking up. I was actually, you know what, I'll just wind up, almost mirroring. What a Cheng said. In terms of wanting the education group to be separate, from the community group. Because I think it's a specialized group of people that could really be decision-makers in education, because I think a lot of us in the community, myself included, I'm not necessarily. That knowledgeable about the technical side of things and learning how to use a cache and what the real benefits and distinctions are about a cash. Because obviously I know the project, well, from a non, Person's perspective. But if someone said to me, Adam, what input would you have for the education materials or what could be developed? almost the only thing I could say is as a student, of course, I'd like to know more about

00:45:00

Adam Delderfield:  You know, how to deploy something but I would never be able to produce an educational material or to really be a productive. I'm more like the target rather than the producer and I think maybe the community group is not, it's too broad, it's not really limited to the producers of educational material because being so broad. We don't all have that background

Adam Wozney: yeah, I think I actually think that's great feedback and before I even get any thoughts, go ahead and envy

envy: Yep. Just also in support of education, task force. Like the biggest thing that I see from people who are just unaffiliated crypto. Enthusiasts in Cosmos, they think Akash is really cool but they have no idea where to start. and just having any really any amount of accessible materials on Pretty much any platform. Whether it's written guides, whether it's videos, whether it's just like group, teaching sessions, anything like that. Could I feel that would be very beneficial

Adam Wozney: Cool, cool. So I think we're getting around a consensus around reestablishing and akash education Sig. Does that resonate with everyone. It seems like everyone's kind of in Agreeance. That's why we have these calls right initially. I was like, Oh we can just kind of blend in together. We'll limit the amount of calls, a lot of SIG groups right now, but I think education is a big enough initiative, where there would be working groups around specific curriculum or ideation of content or all that kind of different stuff. Um, so I think it's worthwhile spinning up and I think everyone is in Agreeance that will spin up a education Sig. Looks like everyone's cool that any other final thoughts. I kind of an education SIG or an Education Working Group.

Adam Wozney:  Well, I think everyone agrees. Cool, so I'll work with Tyler. We'll spend that up again. And then pay attention to the discord events for the upcoming Akash Edu Sig. Um, last thing I have that, I wanted to discuss was actually kind of my own proposal and I think this would be probably spawn into a working group. So this goes into a lot of the stuff that we've discussed today. So I feel like this is a nice rapper for everything. We've been we've been chatting about, but again this is just proposal but I think it's worthwhile to actually put together our own Akash owned HACKATHON. And I have a whole document. Actually, I'll just share with you guys. It's open. It's public. This is kind of my rough proposal around what this Akash HACKATHON could look like. I'm just gonna put it straight into the chat.

Adam Wozney:  Make sure it's the right document here, and you guys can kind of review this on your own, but the concept of this would be spinning up. A working room or working group around in a cash-owned HACKATHON. Partnering with other cosmos, ecosystem players, Why? I think this is important is with the amount of new sigs with the amount of waste, folks, contribute to Akash. We need to get more developers into our ecosystem, to understand what we're doing, why it's important and find individuals that can join this community. So, you know, a year from now, this community call is going to be so big that Google hangouts is gonna break because there's somebody people involved. And if you look at what other major ecosystem players are doing like you look at ethereum I put in even Aptos because they're new. But a lot of these new ecosystem players what they'll do is host hackathons because it gets people in, it shows them the technology there's people and mentor and judge, and support them, and they're kind of journeys within these different projects. It just makes

Adam Wozney:  Chance and I feel like where we are at this stage. I think it just makes sense to start to potentially host one. If not many hackathons all around Akash around Cosmos, getting partnered with other ecosystem players as a part of this. This is a rough proposal. I came up with this is before a working group is formed because I just had to get my thoughts down and it was just a good exercise for me to think about what in a contract could look like,

Adam Wozney:  But I think it's worthwhile to put together a working group on what this could potentially look like. How could we develop this? How would we partner with other folks? What are the resources needed from the community fund to kind of like spin this thing up? So if folks are interested and putting together and joining this working group specifically around our first ever a cost-owned hackathon, I think it's something that could be worth while. So I just want to get your, your thoughts on on this. If there's a thumbs up and hearts and squiggly stars and stuff and thumbs up, I'll look at this as something that we can develop and we can build out and I'll create a working group. Wow. This is the most one I've seen. This is great. Um, wow, I'm I don't know you guys can't see this, but it's like exploding right now. It's crazy. Um, so I take it that people are into this So we have some raised hands Cheng. Go ahead.

00:50:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so real quick I think this is a great idea. Having a cache hackathon here and and you know, driving the use case in this case, you know, like building stuff that's that's gonna live on Akash or That'll be absolutely beautiful. I think the yeah I I think so. Another kind of facet of these working groups and sigs. That's worthwhile mentioning here. I know some are familiar some might not be but our user groups. So if there is a particular subject that you don't have super high conviction for establishing a working group for,

Cheng Wang:  A user group's purpose is literally freeform discussion and anybody can join whomever you want to join, right? And you can discuss it's literally, Hey, let's ideate a little bit, talk about this stuff, but it has a particular purpose and subject matter. And once you get to a certain point, you're like, you know what, actually this can be rolled up into this working group, okay. Cool user group expanded or Hey, this work, This user group should actually be evil further into a dedicated, working group also can happen, right? So they're kind of the three tiers here and the working groups are, you know, non-permanent, but user groups are even more ephemeral than that, and less formal

Adam Wozney: Cool. And Excellent and Adam. You have your hand over. Is that from your previous question?

Adam Wozney:  I think it might be from his previous question. Oh, he's down now. Oh, now he's up again.

Adam Delderfield: Yep. That was most certainly from my previous question. Thank you.

Adam Wozney:  No problem.

Adam Wozney:  Um cool. So it looks like we have kind of mass approval of the idea of a HACKATHON working group. Again, what I put together is a very roughest, my own thoughts. So this can all be changed entirely because I want other folks to get involved in this in some meaningful fashion. And this was just to kind of get the ball rolling around what this could potentially look like. I'm super passionate about hackathons since I've been at Akash in my or working at Overclock for going on. Almost two years now, Wow, I should get a badge or something. Um, it's something I've wanted to do and just haven't had the bandwidth to do it, but with this new framework, I was like, You know, this is an opportunity to get community members involved in something that I think they can learn from and Akash could benefit from as well. So, I'm still that you guys are all down for this. So, this is gonna be on my marching orders of creating a working group, putting into the Github and starting some conversations around a HACKATHON. So, I'm stuck on that. So we have about

Adam Wozney:  Minutes left those are the three working groups that I want to discuss. So just as a quick rehash, the three kind of marching orders are for marching earners. That have are around an events working group for 2023, re-launching and setting up a call similar to this around specific to education. We're all probably dive a little bit more into how I developed Akashi to you. And what, you know future renditions of this program could look like a HACKATHON working group on what that would look like and a crew three working group which I think could look. Looks like a really interesting community tool to kind of like help gamify a lot of community activities, is there anything else in the three minutes left that you guys want it to bring up any thoughts around working groups? Any thoughts, around sigs, any questions you have on, you know, funding your ideas, this is your opportunity to kind of like raise your hand and throw in your thoughts.

Adam Wozney: No. Cool.

Adam Wozney:  So, I think that will do it. And someone went unmute, Was there something to say Tyler. He got something.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I was just going to say I've taken some rough meeting notes. What I'm going to do, I'm going to put those rough meeting notes in here, based upon a new Thing we're trying at Overclock, you know, to manage time but again others can add meeting notes. Um, I went the meeting recordings and trans transitions comes through. I will make those available George or anybody else that wants to help with the no process. Please put a Please put a message in discord in this specific channel or any specific or any respective channel that you want to participate in take notes for and then we can set up some time to really formalize it. But again, for the time being I'm just going to try to do my best to structure it and make it available as quickly as possible for everybody.

Adam Wozney: Cool cool. So the next community say call will be one month from now. Hopefully by that point we'll have working groups for events, the education SIG up, and going, working risk for HACKATHON and crew, 3 up and going. But, you know, it's a month from now in Crypto, you know, it's in the fast lane. So there might be new working groups, new things to chat about then, but in the meantime, those will be the things that we're gonna work on. Yep. Go into the community Sig. If you have, any thoughts, questions, concerns about anything that we've discussed today. But I want to thank you guys for joining. This is the first community SIG call, so snap to you guys for participating. Without you, There is no akash so much appreciated. But if you do have any thoughts concerns questions feedback, head over to the community SIG. So with that, I'll give you 30 seconds of your day back. Thanks for joining everybody.

00:55:00

Tyler Wright: You.

Robert: and when I say,

Scott Hewitson: Thank you.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thanks guys. Bye.

Cheng Wang: Around and…

Rodrigo R.: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: thank you. Bye everyone.

Luca Fortes: Thank you guys.

Meeting ended after 00:56:46 👋

