# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Upcoming events and participation plans.
- Akash Accelerate - Planning and involvement.
- Hackathon updates and community involvement.
- Zealy and competitor insights (Galaxy).
- Insiders, Vanguards, and event support framework.
- Open floor for feedback and new initiatives.


## Participants
- Adam Wozney  
- B S  
- Damir Simpovic  
- Dimokus  
- Jannick H  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Rodrigo Rochin 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, March 12, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://kfjya5cbx3z2in47ezw4zqihodav3zdo3dyqct34wgovcyimvgka.arweave.net/UVOAdEG-86Q3nyZtzMEHcMFd5G7Y8QFPfLGdUWEMqZQ)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- Adam Wozney welcomed attendees and acknowledged the impact of daylight savings time on attendance.
- Emphasized that SIG community calls focus on discussing, supporting, and managing Akash community initiatives such as ambassador programs, bounties, and hackathons.

### Event Updates
#### **KubeCon Europe (Paris)**
- Akash will have a booth presence, marking its first participation in a Web2-focused event.
- Akash representatives attending: **Adam Wozney, Artur from Overclock, and several insiders**.
- **Rodrigo Rochin** shared that KubeCon is organizing side events and will track relevant ones for the Akash team to attend.

#### **Nvidia GTC (San Jose)**
- Akash will sponsor a booth in partnership with Brev.
- Sponsoring a cocktail party alongside Brev.
- Community members attending are encouraged to engage via the **Nvidia temporary Discord channel**.

#### **Consensus 2024 (Austin)**
- Akash will sponsor the event, with planned participation in **side events**.
- **Akash Accelerate**: A **full-day summit** for the Akash ecosystem, taking place **one to two days before Consensus**.
- **Event logistics:** 
  - Event production company will be selected to manage venue, catering, branding, videography, and event operations.
  - Planning includes a **VIP dinner** and a **cocktail party** for networking.
- **Community involvement:** 
  - Part of the event budget includes flying in insiders.
  - Opportunities for insiders to help with event execution or host workshops.

### Hackathon Updates
- **Target launch date:** Early April (tentative April 1).
- **Themes:**
  - Increasing long-term deployments.
  - Building tools that make development on Akash easier.
- **Community input requested:** Suggestions for hackathon tracks can be submitted in the **Hackathon Working Group Discord channel**.
- **Sponsored Tracks:** 
  - Looking for projects with existing Akash integrations to sponsor hackathon bounties.
  - Community members can suggest potential sponsors.

### Bounties Update
- **Three active bounties** on GitHub:
  - Dataset commitment of cost provider incentives.
  - Hybrid processor provider documentation.
  - Akash content slides.
- **Call for bounty ideas:** Community members encouraged to propose new ideas on **GitHub or Discord**.

### Zealy Campaigns and Competitor Insights
- **Zealy Campaign Progress (Robert Del Rey)**
  - Community engagement is growing.
  - Notable contributions: A video tutorial from **Joe (Akash Alpha)** on how to get started with Zealy.
  - **Next steps:** A review with **Benjamin** to analyze Zealy campaign performance metrics.

- **Galaxy - A Competitor to Zealy**
  - Adam had initial discussions with **Galaxy**, a larger community engagement platform.
  - Open to running parallel programs on **Zealy and Galaxy** for increased visibility.

### Insiders, Vanguards, and Local Event Support
- **Insiders Program:** 
  - Review of applications delayed due to event planning.
  - The program remains **invite-only** with an application and interview process.

- **Vanguards Program:** 
  - Paid roles for community support on Discord.
  - **Application reviews pending**.

- **Event Support Framework:** 
  - Community members are hosting **local events** independently.
  - **Pilot initiative planned** to support local event organizers with lightweight incentives.

### Adamâ€™s Parental Leave Plan
- Adam expects to be offline from late May to early June.
- Looking for volunteers to manage SIG community calls for four months.
- Potential bounty incentive for managing calls.
- Rodrigo Rochin volunteered to assist.

### Open Floor for Questions & Ideas
- Rodrigo Rochin volunteered to help with SIG calls during Adamâ€™s leave.
- **Robert Del Rey & Jannick H:** Expressed interest in evaluating Galxe vs. Zealy for future engagement campaigns.

### Closing Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** thanked participants and encouraged community members to get involved in upcoming events, hackathons, and governance discussions.
- Encouraged community members to use the SIG Community Discord channel for discussions and feedback.

## Action Items
- **Rodrigo Rochin:** Share details of KubeCon side events in the Events Working Group Discord channel.
- **Adam Wozney:** Finalize event production company selection for Akash Accelerate.
- **Community Members:** 
  - Submit hackathon track ideas in the **Hackathon Working Group Discord channel**.
  - Suggest projects for sponsored hackathon tracks.
  - Provide feedback on Zealy campaign and Galaxy as an alternative.
- **Adam & Tyler Wright:** Develop a framework for local event incentives.

## **Transcript**

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*

Adam Wozney: All Welcome to Daylight Saving Time office Community Sig working group. I think next month might be a little bit better but I think times are weird and schedules of change. So this might be a short one with a small crew of people. But all I need is you guys on this call. today is the 12th of March. It's March's Sega Community call and just as a reminder for folks that might be watching recording the focus of these calls around discussion support and management of Akash Community initiatives. mostly around Ambassador programs programs that community members are involved in bounties stuff like that.

Adam Wozney: Before I get into my agenda. I wanted to see if there is any items that you guys wanted to discuss or include on the agenda anything top of mind for you or else all this kind of jump into mind my spiel.

Adam Wozney: All right, First up on the side events take up a majority of my time as of late. So I'm hoping to get some event support here in the future but it won't matter soon when I'm out of office for fraternity leave. So you guys are on your own once I'm out here. No, hopefully we'll have someone to come in and help support all the event stuff going on. But there are a couple of events that are on the docket. Next week. We're going to be at two separate events.

Adam Wozney: First is kubecon in Europe myself our tour from overclock and a few insiders are going to be in attendance for kubecon. This is the first kind of traditional web 2 event that we've sponsored. We're gonna have a booth there. Obviously Akash uses kubernetes. So I'm really interested to see the interaction kind of just a general Vibe of what two devs think about Kosh and what kind of Interest we have there.

Adam Wozney: That's the big outing for kubecon is our booth. Normally I can get plugged into a side events and other activities, but I don't know the web to space as much as I used to so I'm on the active lookout for side events that are taking place alongside kubecon. So if anyone knows of jump into any of the events working group Channel or the kubecon temporary channel that we have on the Discord and this share links to other events that you guys might see happening at coupon. Go ahead rodrig.

Rodrigo Rochin: So I received an email from kubecon about two or three hours ago. And it said something about they are gonna have different side events. I haven't clicked on the link or check them out, but they probably have something there for us to attend to And I'll also be looking out for what else they're there. Is that next week in Paris related to webdream blockchain?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I haven't seen any show up on my email yet, but if you do find any side events that are happening to share them in the temporary channel in the Discord the coupon Channel or in the events working group Channel. I'm hoping to get plugged in. I think once we're out there we'll be able to know, if there's some side events happening through conversations with folks. But it's a little different than what I'm used to like in crypto. I know exactly where to go to find side events and things happening around the major reason why everyone goes to these places, but it's a little different and what two space. I just don't know where to go for that right now if you see any put them in the content Channel we're gonna have a small contingency of folks at Nvidia GTC. We're sponsoring a booth with an organization called brev, and we're also sponsoring a cocktail party with brev.

Adam Wozney: So if anyone's gonna be in San Jose for NVIDIA go check out the Akash folks there and connect with people or if you have any updates or want to share things just head over to the temporary Nvidia Channel inside of the Discord. That's what we're using for updates and seeing who else from the community is gonna be in attendance. those are the two events that are happening next week upcoming the next big one is consensus, which is happening in Austin. That's about a two months away or so. We are sponsoring that event. There will be side events. But we're still pretty far off to figure out what side events we want to participate or get involved in. So I'm kind of keeping an eye on that. But the big one is through the governor's proposal. It's just past around Akash accelerate. This will be happening either one or two days before consensus officially kicks off. This is in Austin.

Adam Wozney: We do have a nice sized budget for this event. I'm currently reviewing event production companies as a part of that budget to manage and run operations for that event. This will be our first kind of fully Akash ecosystem day long summit. We're also looking to do a very small kind of VIP dinner with selected individuals and a cocktail party for after the event is over the main event. Both will be open to the public right now. We're still kind of in a holding pattern until we lock in our event production company. But once we have that things will start moving fast from finding the venue catering chair rental videographers photographers branding all that stuff.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney: So that's gonna be the big one coming up and that'll be a day but two before consensus part of the budget includes bringing in insiders to participate. I don't know to what extent that participation looks like could be helping with, checking people in at the door just attendance could be giving a workshop. We still need to figure out a lot of those things but I think within the next week or two, I'll have a better understanding of what that looks like. So, stay tuned for more updates for Community involvement in Akash accelerate which will be happening in Austin towards the end of May. Those are the big upcoming events other event related activity is the hackathon.

Adam Wozney: So we've started work on our next hackathon. I'm hoping to kick it off by April 1st. I'm a little behind with planning for these other events that I just mentioned. So if I doesn't kick off April 1st, if my kick off the week after the second week in April, but if I can get things together this week, I'm hoping to actually start that up and start planning around the hackathon the two things I was gonna call out for Community Support around is hackathon tracks. If anyone on this call has ideas on what we think will be beneficial for the community to focus building. I'm trying to keep it within the themes of increasing long-term deployments and increasing or making it easier for building tools to make it easier for people to build things on Akash. That's the themes if you guys have any idea on specific tracks, whether it's educational, not technical tracks or technical tracks like building the next

Adam Wozney: XYZ thing head over to the hackathon working group Channel throw in your two cents on what those hackathon tracks could be. And then in addition to that we are looking for sponsored tracks something we did last go around the idea around sponsored tracks are finding projects that have some sort of Akash.

Adam Wozney: A red where they can kind of put together a bounty and say build this on, our project while it's also supporting the Akashi ecosystem. So if you guys know of any potential projects that have an Akash kind of vibe to it or an Akash connective tissue to it head over the hackathon work group Channel share that project in there one of our community members that has signed up to help out finding sponsored tracks and judges for this hackathon will reach out to them and maybe on board them to be one of the hackathon track sponsor tracks. And really the goal behind that is to kind of increase awareness into other communities of this hackathon taking place. head over to the hackathon working group channel for this or any other kind of hackathon support. You guys would like to give

Adam Wozney: That's it for kind of events. So any questions or thoughts around the hackathon or the four upcoming events that I had mentioned?

Adam Wozney: Make sense. All right, excellent Only a couple other items here one is around Bounty. So there are three bounties that currently live inside of the GitHub bounties board. I think some people are working on them. But if you do want to get involved head over to the GitHub bounties board and check out those bounties one is around data set of commitment of cost provider.

Adam Wozney: Incentives documentation for a hybrid processor provider and the story of Akash content slides not sure exactly what it is. But head over to the bounties board most of those things happen fairly ad hoc. But if you do have ideas for bounties I really think it could benefit from this and I would like to build it. You can start a conversation in the general chat inside of Discord or just kind of head over to the GitHub bounties board and make some comments and some things that you'd like to participate in our potentially build.

Adam Wozney: Next up is zeely. I know it's something Robert and Benjamin have been kind of spearheading. It's going and one quick thing before maybe handed to you Robert if you wanted to give any updates on zeely is I had a conversation with a competitor to zeely called Galaxy one of my friends actually works there now. He used to work at serotonin kind of a blockchain marketing agency. And now he just moved to zealy or to Galaxy to head up their marketing operations for my understanding Galaxy is a much bigger project that has a lot of community members involved.

00:10:00

Adam Wozney: I don't know what we could do with them. I put it on their radar that if they are interested in kind of creating a similar program that you Robert and Benjamin one of our other community members has developed that they can create a GitHub proposal and put in all the nuts and bolts and how they would actually run this because I would love to actually see the differences between zealing Galaxy. If anything I think having Akash representation on both of those platforms is beneficial because we're hitting two communities that way so I just wanted to kind of call that out. It's something that I'm kind of keeping an eye on I haven't had time to really dig into it and figure out what we could do with it. But I just wanted to call out Galaxy as a competitor to Z Lee but also they have a strong community and it seems like they're moving the right direction in terms of kind of building support for folks that want to get more involved in akasher and in crypto in general

Adam Wozney: But in terms of zeely I wanted to say maybe Robert if you had any very brief updates on how the zeely kind of pilot not even pilot anymore. The program is going

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, it's It's going as strong. Let me know if you guys can hear me, right?

Adam Wozney: Yep, you're good.

Robert Del Rey: Okay, okay, my screen was froze. right guys. So yeah, the silly campaign is it's going fullest team. I would say we post a few tweets about it from now. We're seeing community members getting more involved in the campaign. There is one guy called Joe. He's behind a cash Alpha and he share a video tutorial about how to get started in silly which was a really nice tutorial. You see people asking in the Discord so yeah, everything is going good. So far the same week tomorrow, I will catch up with Benji so we can go over a few stats and see where are we going from here that is in preparation for the silly working group call which is gonna happen next Monday the 18th.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: Excellent. Do you know how many folks is there any data on how many folks have actually gone through all of the kind of quests or how many quests have been completed anything like that?

Robert Del Rey: The catch up we're gonna have tomorrow. It's to get that data. So I will keep you posted.

Adam Wozney: Done it. Okay, Cool, awesome.

Robert Del Rey: No worries.

Adam Wozney: Great work on that. By the way, I feel like any additional attention to akash's beneficial. So I'm really hoping that this program goes well because I'd love to keep it going and then maybe even add Galaxy to it someday.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Thanks, man.

Adam Wozney: But yeah jannick put in the link to Galaxy if anybody wants to check it out. You can see it's very similar to zillion what they offer. I just think they might have a larger community. So just something that kind of think about as well.

Robert Del Rey: thank you.

Adam Wozney: cool For sure, next up is very briefly on insiders vanguards. So for folks listening in insiders are kind of the tip of the Akash Community sphere and vanguards are the I don't know the very tip of the sphere. right now I haven't had much time to review incoming applications for the Insiders program. There's some people I need to follow up with from my Outreach from before Denver just to set up calls to see if there's interest and it makes sense from the program. Insiders again it's totally volunteer based. There are no requirements, but it really gives you closer to other community members that are doing similar things to you get you closer to the Akash kind of core community and gets you more involved in kind of a related activities and then vanguards are folks that are actually paid for providing Community Support specifically in Discord and

Adam Wozney: Doing a lot of other odds and ends and getting involved in other ways. So I need to review all of the applications that I've come in. I just need to find time to do that. One thing that I want to call out is I actually put this inside of our private insiders Channel around Frameworks for event support So as this, little mini now, I would say it's official kind of Bull Run has kicked off across the crypto ecosystem. There's just more interest and more people get one involved in Akash and a local events that are popping up and a number of our community members are hosting local events already and some want to start hosting them without ever doing them before.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney: One of the big things and that I've always been interested in is developing a framework for local event support. There's one Community member in particular that I want to potentially pilot a kind of a incentivized framework for what it would look like to support local event organizers that want to host events about crypto and then introduce folks to Akash as well. it's a bigger project because figuring out what the ultimate outcomes of a local event could be and keeping it within reason in terms of incentivizing. These activities is difficult.

Adam Wozney: So I'm thinking about potentially doing a small pilot what this guy and seeing where it goes. But if anyone is interested in kind of Hosting local events and building a local community being coming kind of a leader within their local regions around like crypto and Akash stay tuned because I need to build that out and I think this many pilot could be a way to do that.

Adam Wozney: or in the last thing on insiders in vanguards is if you do know of anyone that is super motivated to get involved in a related activities is very technical or maybe even non-technical but we're leaving a little bit more towards technical side of the coin right now. Then you think would be a good person to maybe become an Insider and get more involved just have them go to the Akash website have them apply to become an Insider and then hopefully within the next few days weeks here, I can start reviewing these applications that have come in because there's a lot of applications and it takes a little while to kind of review them set up interviews on board them. Make sure that folks are being taken care of that join the community because I don't want people to join the Insiders program unless they're, eager to be involved and then also that we can support their individual needs. So just wanted to call out the Insiders program for folks that are maybe interested in joining or know of anyone who

Adam Wozney: to join the last thing that I'm gonna cover is actually just on my upcoming time off. So as you guys know, I've been leading these communities Sig calls for since kind of we started sigent working groups. my wife is pregnant, I think most everyone of this folk everyone on this call knows that she's doing June. So I'm expecting that sometime in mid to late May. I'm probably gonna have to start to be offline as soon as the baby's born. And then once the baby's born I will be offline entirely for a minimum of two months. And then I'm hoping by the third month. I'll start to kind of trickle slowly back into Akash and then by September, I'll be kind of fully back online.

Adam Wozney: I'm looking for folks that might want to help manage this event and then maybe even other events that might be coming out other working group calls that we're hosting. This is the one that I kind of lead for the most part. So if anyone is interested in getting involved in this particular supporting these monthly calls Thinking the way I'd do it is they're probably four calls that I'll want someone to public starting in May. So next month might be my last one and then in May I would like to be around but have someone else manage it so I could be on that call just for any support needed and then up until September manage these calls on a monthly basis.

Adam Wozney: I'm thinking about putting together a bounty for basically incentivize people that can help out with these events particularly. I don't know what the Bounty would look like. But if anyone is interested in helping kind of manage these calls going forward send me a DM or just message in the general chat. If you're not in the Insiders Channel and let me know because I would love to start to bring someone on to kind of help manage these events and kind of go over all the stuff that I go over. It's a bit of a kind of Finding information, but I think it's pretty straightforward. I think the Frameworks in place so it should be too difficult to the list. But finding someone to help manage these while I'm aways kind of one of the things I need to sort out before I'm fully offline starting, end of May ish time, but I'm Rodrigo for it.

Adam Wozney: You're muted if you're saying something.

Rodrigo Rochin: My So first two things, I'm definitely interested in helping with this calls. That and if you'd like me to help get let me know. Also another question which you might not want to answer. Do you know the sex of your babies you're gonna be a girl or a boy? All right the price.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney: Okay, we do know it's gonna be a boy which I'm pretty stoked about. We were gonna be happy either way,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: cool Of course.

Adam Wozney: but I feel like I know boys more because I'm one so it helps but we were gonna be fine. We're gonna be happy either way. So yeah,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: What happens if?

Adam Wozney: it's gonna be a boy andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: his name will be Everest after my grandpa and my dad's side. Yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: nice Nice man.

Rodrigo Rochin: Congratulations, and it's always good to know because you can get prepared with whatever you're gonna buy in clothing and the room andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: exactly Is just being mentally prepared?

Rodrigo Rochin: everything. We also decided to know before of course.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. exactly

Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, right later and yeah, that was it.

Adam Wozney: Thank For So yeah. Rodri send me a DM just so it's in my brain and then over the next day or two or three. I'll kind of see who's interested. I'll try to put together what it would look like in terms of a framework for these so that way when I'm gone people we have everything they need to kind of help out with these events. I'll probably Loop in Tyler because Tyler kind of helps organize this things and working groups. But you won't be whoever helps out with these whether it's one or two or whatever people on your own you'll have some support for this. So if you are interested me or send a message in the general chat and just tag And that's really all I have for this month's Community Sig call.

Adam Wozney: are there any questions anything that anybody wants to kind of highlight or cover or maybe you have an idea around a community initiative that could be interesting. I know the zeli working groups bond from this. So if there are any in the hackathon working group Spawn from this as well and events Spawn from the working groups, but if there are any Community kind of initiatives that you're like this would be a cool thing to do. Any thoughts on that any ideas or if not, we can wrap up the call.

Adam Wozney: damir, you joined the perfect time. I think this is a short one. I think we're wrapping up already.

Damir Simpovic: I knew that that's why I joined now.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, it came with the perfect time. There's nothing you have to do.

Damir Simpovic: And that was intentional.

Adam Wozney: excellent just as an update for you, damir. We covered most everything you're probably aware of the upcoming events are doing the hackathon some of the bounties very briefly and zeely and Galaxy potentially, which is like a competitor to zealy talk to briefly about insiders vanguards and my upcoming time off which will be happening towards the end of May early June TBD can't really plan when the baby decides to come out. So, if you have any questions or anything send me a DM, but that's basically what we covered today.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: For any other final thoughts questions concerns feedback?

Adam Wozney: We're All that'll wrap it up for today's this month's Community Sig call as always. If you have any thoughts ideas concerns feedback questions head over to the Sig Community Channel. That's all I've got. So you guys have a good rest of the week. And as always I'll see you guys in the metaverse. Let everybody.

Rodrigo Rochin: You guys.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, though. Stay safe everybody.

Jannick H: All right.

Meeting ended after 00:23:45 ðŸ‘‹
