# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Welcome and opening remarks.
- Discussion on Shaga Teamâ€™s proposal for game streaming on Akash.
- Review of Spark the Summer Hackathon proposal by Fenil Modi.
- Updates on Ring Masters Program and local event support.
- Akash Accelerate planning and watch party opportunities.
- Ongoing Akash Hackathon and timeline for final submissions.
- Review of bounties, Zealy updates, and competitor insights (Galaxy).
- Open floor for questions and community feedback.

## Participants
- Adam Wozney  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- B S  
- Cheng Wang  
- Fenil Modi  
- George Pro  
- LOWO  
- Maxime Beauchamp  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Scott Hewitson  
- Shaga Team  
- Tyler Wright  
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, May 15, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://c6legrr5fmbtbkclr2zvhx3dgho6rwkegpwk5zycliz6wbqgl6na.arweave.net/F5ZDRj0rAzCoS46zU99jMd3o2UQz7K7nAloz6wYGX5o)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

# Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- Adam Wozney welcomed participants, highlighting that it was great to see an increase in attendance.
- Shared a quick overview of the agenda and encouraged additional discussion points.
- Tyler Wright suggested adding a discussion on Shaga Teamâ€™s proposal to the top of the agenda.

### **[Shaga Team Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/580): Peer-to-Peer Game Streaming on Akash**
#### **Presentation by Shaga Team**
- **Shaga Team (Weirdo)** introduced their project, which focuses on decentralized **peer-to-peer (P2P) game streaming**.
- Concept originated from personal experience: gaming PCs were expensive, leading to research on leveraging hardware for **compute sharing**.
- Initially used **Google Cloud Platform (GCP)** but switched to **Akash** due to better availability and cost efficiency.
- The goal is to improve **frame rates for game streaming** by processing **controller inputs locally** rather than sending data back to central servers.
- They see **Akash as a partner, not a competitor** since Akash focuses on AI-grade computing, while Shaga prioritizes **consumer gaming hardware**.

#### **Funding Request**
- Requesting **150K AKT** in total, distributed in monthly tranches (similar to GCPâ€™s credits model).
- Funds would not be transferable to other tokensâ€”strictly for compute usage on Akash.

#### **Q&A and Community Feedback**
- Tyler Wright asked about funding structure and whether the full amount was required upfront.
  - Response: Funding can be done in stages.
- **Zach Horn**: Asked about the hardware usedâ€”whether gaming GPUs (e.g., RTX 3060) or AI-focused GPUs (e.g., A100s).
  - Response: **A100s are currently being used** for training.
- **Scott Hewitson**: Emphasized the need for **financial transparency** if community funds are used.
  - Response: Shaga Team is open to **wallet transparency** and **funding oversight by Akash**.
- **Final Action Item:** Shaga Team will share a **demo video** and update the **GitHub discussion** with more details.


### **[Spark the Summer](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/571) Hackathon Proposal by Fenil Modi**
#### **Overview**
- Fenil Modi presented a proposal to host a hackathon in India with 400+ developers in attendance.
- Goal: Increase Akash adoption among Indian developers and provide mentorship opportunities.
- **Request:** Akash sponsorship and community engagement.

#### **Community Questions & Feedback**
- **Tyler Wright**: Asked for **proof of past hackathon success** and whether participants are **crypto-native**.
  - Response: **Fenil shared details on past hackathons** but was asked to provide additional clarity on participantsâ€™ **Web3 experience**.
- **Adam Wozney**: Highlighted that **Akash does not have a dedicated hackathon sponsorship budget**.
  - Akashâ€™s hackathons have always been community-governed and funded.
  - Suggested Fenil add more supporting details in GitHub discussion before considering governance voting.
- **Final Action Item:** Fenil Modi to **update proposal** with past event performance and **submit for GitHub discussion review**.


### **Ring Masters Program & Local Event Support**
- **New initiative for local event organizers** within Akashâ€™s **Insiders Program**.
- Designed to **support local meetups** on Akash, AI, and decentralized computing.
- **Structure:**
  - **Quarterly grants:** **$1,000 in AKT** per quarter for active event organizers.
  - **Per-event budget:** **$250 in AKT** for snacks, drinks, and swag.
  - **Requirements:** Organizers must provide **event photos, RSVPs, and social media posts** to receive support.
- **Current status:** **6 Insiders signed up**, first events launching soon.
- **Final Action Item:** Interested members should **apply as an Akash Insider** before joining **Ring Masters**.


### **Akash Accelerate & Watch Party Opportunities**
- **Akash Accelerate:** Akashâ€™s **first full-day ecosystem event**, scheduled **before Consensus in Austin, Texas**.
- **Community watch parties:** Local groups can **host viewing events** for **Akash Accelerate livestreams**.
  - **Support available:** $300 in AKT for snacks, drinks, and light swag.
- **Final Action Item:** Members interested in hosting a **watch party** should **sign up via Discord**.


### **Ongoing Akash Hackathon & Submission Timeline**
- **Current hackathon in progress** via **DoraHacks** with **$200K prize pool**.
- **Final deadline:** **May 17, 2024, at 11:59 PM PST**.
- **Next steps:**
  - **May 22:** Finalist live-stream demo session.
  - **May 23:** Winners announced.
- **Strict timeline** due to:
  - **Consensus event conflict.**
  - **Adamâ€™s parental leave in June**.
- **Final Action Item:** Developers should submit projects ASAP.


### **Bounties, Zealy, and Galaxy (Competitor) Updates**
#### **Bounty Program**
- **Bounty board has $5K in AKT per month** for **community-driven improvements**.
- Community members can propose **new bounties via GitHub**.

#### **Zealy Engagement Updates**
- **Robert Del Rey:** Zealy has **300+ active members**.
- Community engagement is **higher at the end of each month** due to reward deadlines.
- Ongoing discussions about **moving to Galxe**, a competing platform.

#### **Competitor Insight: Galxe**
- **Galxe vs. Zealy:**
  - Galaxy has a **larger user base**.
  - Potentially **higher engagement** for Akash.
  - **Robert & Benjamin** leading evaluation efforts.
- **Final Action Item:** Community feedback is encouraged on **Zealy vs. Galxe** in **SIG discussions**.

### **Closing Remarks**
- **Adam Wozney** thanked participants and emphasized the importance of **community-driven governance**.
- **Encouraged engagement** in GitHub discussions and Discord channels.

## **Action Items**
- **Shaga Team**: Upload **demo video** and **clarify transparency measures** in GitHub discussion.
- **Fenil Modi**: Provide more details on past hackathons for stronger funding case.
- **Robert & Benjamin**: Finalize Zealy vs. Galaxy evaluation.
- **Community Members**:
  - Submit **hackathon projects** before May 17.
  - Join Ring Masters by applying through Insiders Program.
  - Sign up for Akash Accelerate watch parties  via Discord.
 

## **Transcript**

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*

Adam Wozney: All right, we got one person jumping in and they're in thank you guys for joining today's Sig Community call on the 14th of May 2024 super stoked to have you guys here. It's always nice to see a bigger crowd in the city and It's very important that Trend keeps going. thank you guys for being here today. I have a handful of agenda items. We haven't met a little while. So I'm sure there's a few things you guys want to discuss as well. But before we get into the kind of the community updates I have to discuss wanted to see if there's any agenda items that you guys want me to add to today's agenda. I'll be covering ring Masters which some of you might be familiar with some of our upcoming events consensus accelerate very briefly talk talking about the hackathon with Tyler on the call. I thought I'd be getting worth while to talk about Bounty if there's any bounties updates and then with Robert on the call wanted to discuss zealy and I didn't want to be at time discuss a little bit about Galaxy.

Adam Wozney: Which you and I have talked about before in the past Robert but maybe worthwhile diving into that a bit more. So any agenda items feel free to raise your hand. I want to make sure that we include you guys go ahead Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Yet I know there with the agenda and there's a discussion that was brought up by the Shaga. if I mispronouncing that but from that discussion, I think Robert invited them to the Sig Community call to just talk a little bit more and we can have it on the record or maybe at answer some high level questions. I know usually during the steering committee. We have some more in-depth discussions where a number of people from the community as well as the steering committee will be there to just have these discussions but it's also great to start somebody's discussions prior to steering committee meeting. And so again then with the Shaga team accepting the invitation, maybe we can start the call off by talking a little bit about the discussion for maybe five or so minute so we can get it more in layman's terms and then it's implemented questions and then we can make sure that this discussion gets added.

Tyler Wright: To the discussion on GitHub and then we can get some more feedback ahead and steering committee which will be happening in three weeks, but that would be great if we could do that.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, that's the top of the list here. So once we get there, what was your name, by the way, Shaga team. That's what you want to go by.

Shaga Team: All right, it's weirdo. Yeah. Widow yeah

Adam Wozney: weirdo got it. We know So yeah, we'll add you to the top of the call any other agenda items that I haven't discussed in the updates. I mentioned that you guys want to make sure we cover.

Adam Wozney: No. Allâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: someone dropped another discussion in the chat 571

Adam Wozney: Daniel I want to make sure am I saying you're right your name right fennel.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, yeah.

Adam Wozney: Perfect Okay,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Adam Wozney: So we'll go to a Shaga first and then we'll do the summer hackathon chat spark the Summers make sure I get that cool All right, So no more agenda items. I think we're good. All right, so just as a refresher for everyone the definition of the community Sig call is to discuss support and manage Akash Community initiatives. So we'll be covering some of those things that I mentioned and then we're gonna be diving into some of these GitHub discussions that are taking place with Shaga and fennel. so I wanted to kick it off with maybe Shaga. So feel free to introduce yourself. We do and talk a little bitâ€¦

Shaga Team: yeah, and

Adam Wozney: what your discussion if you want to share your screen. Feel free.

Shaga Team: Yeah, Yeah. Thanks a lot for getting the name right A lot of people say Shaga but it's Shaga. yeah, thanks. So. Yeah, what we're doing is we're building these peer Xbox cloud. the idea came to me when I was in university and I wanted to buy a gaming PC, but it was too expensive. So I was like, why can't I buy one and make passing with it? So after that we've been through a process of thinking how can we optimize things? And that's why we came around the idea that motto that I shared in the GitHub discussion. So initially we were using gcp because we got the web free startup credits, but there was no availability was a bit of a mess. So I know some people from Helium because

00:05:00

Shaga Team: m He's an angel in Shaga. So I got connected to Greg and I asked for a hundred dollars just to try Akash, and we've been trying that and it was the much better than the gcp at least. So yeah, we started training that small model. So we got proof concept now with trained on a small game. It's not like a triple A. He's like a platform game in 2D just to show that on the mentals work. So yeah, the basic idea is that when you're doing games screening like you have the round trip time from the client to the server for the updated frame. So what we thought about was the information about the future of the game is local you have the controller on your clients. when you press X the information should probably eager to the client rather than to the node and then to the know that the frame is updated.

Shaga Team: Nations of it and then he comes back. So we thought about leveraging these thing to basically improve the frame rate for game streaming. So it's really research and development in this stage. it's a proof concept but there was a question in the comments. That was how you plan on monetizing this so basically we're going to have subscription plans in Shaga gonna have basic plan Premium plan andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Thank We do. yeah, this is cool. So I'll share my screen real quick,â€¦

Shaga Team: super plan.

Adam Wozney: but then while I'm sharing my screen if anybody has questions for we do on the proposal on the technology on maybe your background â€¦

Shaga Team: So we are planning to have these model available for the super subscribers. So that'sâ€¦

Adam Wozney: you got into crypto anything atâ€¦

Shaga Team: how we plan on monetizing this andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Feel free to raise your hand andâ€¦

Shaga Team: since there was a bit of questions we see Akash as a partnerâ€¦

Adam Wozney: we'll call you out. I'll go first with Tyler. I see Tyler's hands up.

Shaga Team: not as a competitor because there is an abundance of AI cards on So usually if you want to play games you can use 30 60 or 40 50 so morally it's more for Consumer hardware for that is meant to use for gaming. So we see as potentially bigger partnership where if we become profitable and we can buy more compute than we can keep training these models on So I would say this is more or less intro if you have any questions that

Tyler Wright: Need 150k in akt up front to move forward.

Shaga Team: No, I would say definitely tranches is the same as gcp work we have maybe 10K credits per month and they compound if we don't use them is something like that so definitely not all upfront. But yeah, the idea is that this tokens will not be convertible to other tokens, which just be usable on two paper compute. So yeah, but it definitely like trenches is what we were expecting. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Thank you.

Adam Wozney: awesome Thank Next question is to Zach.

Shaga Team: Yes, we've been using a hundreds on Akash seen that there might be some 800s. But yeah, it's mainly compute used for the scope of training. So don't really gaming Hardware but more like AI Hardware.

00:10:00

Shaga Team: Not yet.

Adam Wozney: Thank you Zach next up. We have Scott. Feel free to ask your questions.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, thanks for joining by the way. It's always nice when stuff comes in and then we get on calls. We'll start talking about it's really cool to see what comes out of the metaverse and just into the laps of the community members. I guess my first question is so y'all are working on gcp you said the cost was better. What about it is better because sometimes it's the oppositeâ€¦

Shaga Team: it was mainly

Scott Hewitson: where it's like, we want all these features and cautious doesn't have it.

Shaga Team: yeah, like I would say it was mainly the availability because we were having issues in getting both Us in data centers that we needed access to so basically Google took a couple of weeks to get back to us. Why you Akash was readily available. So it helped us not being bottlenecked by all the bureaucracy at Google. I need to call my manager. And yeah, so that was really faster get s*** done.

Adam Wozney: language language

Scott Hewitson: mother

Scott Hewitson: awesome And then I had another question, but I'll come back to me. I'll raise my hand when I remember it.

Adam Wozney: No worries. any other questions for we do the Shaga team? Network Scott.

Scott Hewitson: I got so the community pool right? It's Public Funding, there's kind of as people put up proposals like we try to stress transparency and where the funds going. I'm sorry as part of this I know I will be expecting but the community expecting some kind of transparency if you guys do it like hey, we spent this much this much. Obviously, we can always check the wallet. So if you're dumping and you're saying you're not dumping like I'm coming for you. so just something clean to where that the community can see. Hey, this is cool and there's value in it because end of the day what I want and I think most people want as Network spend for things that are actual use we don't need Network spend for stuff. That's not doing really anything. Yeah.

Shaga Team: So yeah that totally agree and we could even have a new wallet that is managed by someone at Akash and we just ask for the yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Cops or something or Okay, cool. I'm happy to hear y'all are flexible or you're open to being open.

Shaga Team: Yeah, and I'm always available if anyone wants to follow up and don't want to take too much time. There is other people.

Adam Wozney: Thank you. We do any other final questions where we do in the Shaga team before we move on to our next proposal

Adam Wozney: No, all right cool. So if you do have any thoughts comments concerns questions head over to this GitHub discussion down at the bottom leave your notes. Your thoughts now is the time to do that. So thank you we do. we got it.

Shaga Team: Yeah, thanks for having.

Cheng Wang: Sorry, I just from.

Adam Wozney: We got one more chain coming in late.

Cheng Wang: Coming off the top rope a day late with regards to the mileston.

Shaga Team: Yeah, Definitely and we also have the proof of concept that is going to be ready soon. we were thinking about releasing a video where we go through it. So definitely follow up on this. Yeah. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: That'd be great.

Adam Wozney: puzzles cool. All right any other final questions for the team at Shaga?

Adam Wozney: All right. So as I mentioned head over to the GitHub discussions leave your thoughts feedbacks comments concerns in there and we'll see where the scale is. But yeah, thank you for that overview. We do that's really cool. for sure next up we have fennel. Then are you there still?

00:15:00

Fenil Modi: Yeah, I am.

Adam Wozney: So I'll open up your GitHub discussion. Yeah, I would love to hear a little bit more about what you're proposing the spark the summer hackathon.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, so basically I'm a financial productive India was going to be a pretext assets degree in India, so I am organizing in person hackathon in India there will be 400 folks will become in his second and we are trying to get some support from us so make them out to make our life as well as successful it can be

Adam Wozney: Is this the first hackathon that you've run before?

Fenil Modi: locally. Yeah, it wasn't not what I got them because of before that we have run, in our irrespondence but this time we are organizations.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Excellent. I see questions coming in. If you do have questions for fennel, feel free to raise your hand, but I'll call out Tyler right away go for Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Cool, I will put in a hackathon. It's currently going on at the same as Pug as it is wrapping up this week. but in terms of I guess my couple of questions that I have and then again we can drop these in the chat but this is also very much Community related because there's a number of hackathons I get work. I'm this one right now. I guess my question is how confident are you in those 400 developers as you can imagine, there's been many communities and companies that have reached out to us talking about the large developer community that they have and then when we connect with them the communities aren't as large as they say,

Tyler Wright: But I just wanted to see how realistic and then amongst those developers how many of them are. I kind of crypto native and wouldn't feel comfortable like a setting up a wallet and leveraging a wallet. So those would be my two initial questions. That would be great for you to add to this discussion a little bit more detail how you're going to attract some of those so that would make a stronger case in my

Fenil Modi: So basically we have started about marketing while on also said videos and we did not start over of collectively application, but we have created our packet on page on their volume. but without any marketing there, there are also come 100 application for our person negative and we are also making a community members of another fast second that will happen in India of one of the best econom known as a heck this wallet at the mountain. that there was a 500 folks in one second. So that will be great and I have been also part in this fall as a organizer and have seen there is a many people are interested from and now louder and like that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if it might be good for you to add some of that detail to this discussion either as a comment or just editing the discussion because I don't want to speak for Adam who is the head of community, but I know that hackathons is something as one of The Insider program that Adam runs and at the part of the community to continue to find Builders, so technical folks that are using a cache looking to build their own applications and leveraging your cautious as a part that workflow. So that is always something we're looking to get involved in. But again, they're just a number of work organizations out there that can make a lot of promises about what kind of folks they can bring in. So we just want to be extra cautious especially as we move forward.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, and the only thing I'll add unless and if anybody else has questions on this feel free to raise your hand, but the only other thing I'll add is a couple points one is so you may be familiar with how we get funds for events that we sponsor. So for example, we're going to consensus. We're at East Denver. It's past February. We're starting to plan out our presence at ECC. These were all events that brought to the community voted on them and they all said, yes, we should use some funds to have a cost representation at these owned events, So we have a presence there. We don't really have anything where we've sponsored other people's hackathons. We've hosted two. We're in the middle of one right now, but these have all been done through a government's proposal it all started with a GitHub discussion like you're doing so that's the right way to do it, but it went through a proper governance proposal where the community voted on it, and then we pulled funding for that event to actually participate.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney: So that's one thing so we don't really have a hackathon budget per se. We do have a bucket of funds that we use for events that were supporting and we do have overage funds for Events. Maybe that's what Scott's gonna bring up. So we don't have anything that we have dedicated just to sponsoring and getting involved. In other people's hackathons right now. That's not saying that we couldn't still do this. We have to kind of figure out what that would look like. So just wanted to call that part out the other part that would be hard for. This is in your proposal you say, we have a cost representing representation for workshops or mentorships. I'm assuming that would want to be in stream workshops live stream work mentorship in my opinion just doesn't work. I've seen it just fail too many times from conferences to hackathons. So that's another thing that we have to include in travel to this event. And I'm just not sure what that would look like again, and I'm not saying it's not possible. I'm just kind of laying out all the facts for you.

Adam Wozney: I do think that it might be worthwhile to potentially and this is kind of spinning off of your proposal create working groups around other hackathons that are taking place that we maybe want to participate in so similarly to our event strategy where we put together a list of all the upcoming events that are significance that we want to cost up a presence at we bring that to the community. They review it we were together. We kind of say this one's good. Let's skip this one and then once we have that list, we send it off to the community to vote in a governance proposal. And if it passes we have funding to actually have representation at these events with the amount of hackathons that take place andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: Allâ€¦

Adam Wozney: this is definitely not the first time I've seen hackathons come across our path and this guyâ€¦

Adam Wozney: 

Scott Hewitson: Can you hear me? This guy get him off the call.

Adam Wozney: we just haven't had the resources or bandwidth to support it might be worthwhile to put something that together at some stage maybe not right now. You're back here cave.

Adam Wozney: 

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, you're right. I've been seeing too much sunlight. I need to get out of so the total amount looks like 4500 isâ€¦

Adam Wozney: But just kind of like laying out a framework for how we could participate in future hackathons like this one going forward.

Scott Hewitson: what you're looking for. We do have a Youâ€¦

Adam Wozney: So yeah, that's just kind of my thoughts andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: we passed the proposal for hackathon's earlier this year andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: feedback and going last thing. I'll mention before maybe go to Scott is going off of what Tyler said,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: â€¦

Scott Hewitson: we're using Dora hacks, but they're through other arrangements.

Adam Wozney: any additional detail you can add to this â€¦

Adam Wozney: what marketing looks likeâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: They're paying out prizes.

Adam Wozney: who are the other participants sponsorship tiers a link to your event.

Scott Hewitson: So there is a sizable amount on the hackathons budget I'll say for the year andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Previous events that you've participated in orâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: we did call out, three for this year so we can get creative like not saying we should do thisâ€¦

Adam Wozney: put together other hackathons just more details. So we kind of have the community review andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: but we can get creativeâ€¦

Adam Wozney: put in their additional thoughts could be useful for this asâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: if we wanted to use aquabon funds for a hackathon.

Adam Wozney: So just wanted to call that out too.

Scott Hewitson: Iâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Cool Scott go for it.

Scott Hewitson: it's not crazy in my mind the other thing, we have five k a month and downies that it's kind of been like the catch all youâ€¦

Adam Wozney: you hear me?

Scott Hewitson: little project little things little Pilots little list that and the other so I think there's funds available.

Adam Wozney: Thank you so yeah fennel, I think with all the kind of feedback and what everybody was saying here is maybe on the proposal go back in there and add some more details on who the other sponsors are how many hackathons you've participated in the past and what the outcomes of those were links to those hackathons or to this one. So people can go and review what's being put together. yeah, just I think some more detail that this could be useful because I do think there's potential to get involved in this the hardest part would just be getting Akash members to participate in person. I don't know if folks are able to go out to that. Maybe we could bring some insiders in there which insiders are if you're not familiar because you are Community ambassadors or on the tip of the spear in terms of interacting with different communities.

00:25:00

Adam Wozney: so yeah, I would say go back into this and then maybe add some more details and then I think we're connected on Discord. I think you've messaged me on Discord. So feel free to once you have this updated send me a DM and I can review it and we can kind of see where it goes from there. But does that work for you? Does that make sense?

Adam Wozney: Okay, Any other final questions for fennel before we move on to our next agenda item?

Adam Wozney: Thank you, sir.

Adam Wozney: Cool, next up. So I have a handful of things. I wanted to quickly cover. If you have any questions or thoughts, feel free to let me know but I think most of you might have seen that we recently launched a new program within our insiders program and for folks that are on this call who don't know what the Insiders program is. It's kind of our community ambassador program. It's a way of connecting minded individuals that are interested in depend Akash and crypto and AI into a smaller space where they can kind of support one another learn from each other get a closer access to the overclock Labs team and get updates as they happen within the ecosystem within the Insiders program. We have kind of two different pillars. the first pillar is vanguards and vanguards are basically paid for helping with Support Community moderation inside our Discord. Overclock Labs team is pretty small. So being able to have 24/7 support.

Adam Wozney: Coverage and Discord is impossible. So that's how we leave Leverage The vanguards to help support technical questions inside of our Discord. So when you go in there and people are responding to technical questions because of those guys so big shout out to the vanguards that is a paid program and the newest addition is going to be What's called the ringmasters and basically ringmasters are local event organizers and different parts of the world that want to build local community around crypto AI Akash all of these support of each other different ringmasters in the different parts of the world and overclock labs. So the idea is we want to make sure that we can support individuals that want to host local meetup events. We launched this program really last week and we have about six insiders that have signed up that say they want to participate in the ringmasters program.

Adam Wozney: I do have a doc. I'll just share with you guys here in this window. You can kind of check it out. But basically the idea behind this is hosting an event in your local region can be difficult finding content promoting it getting graphics for promotion swag financial support. All that stuff can be difficult. So really the goal behind this is to support local event organizers that want to build local community and get those event organizers in a smaller space so they can support each other and kind of partner in different ideas that they want to do. So we've launched this last week we have about six different insiders who have signed ups and they want to be part of this pilot program.

Adam Wozney: It's pretty straightforward how it'll work. Yeah, after someone hosts one successful event. Basically we get access to our CP lists so we can message people after the fact that to post some sort of thing on social and to create an event page you have to make sure they share pictures of the event just to prove that they actually held the event after that. They're starting to become eligible for rewards and basically how this is gonna work is we want to send a thousand bucks a quarter. So every three months paid an akat, of course to those individual event organizers and then for each event, they host 250 dollars in akt for snacks drinks or maybe even some light swag.

00:30:00

Adam Wozney: still working out exactly how this will work. We haven't started moving funds around or doing any of these things but people are starting to host their first events. So we'll kind of see how it goes similar to the Insiders program similar to the vanguard's program. The first few months. There is an experiment. We're kind of seeing what doesn't work making sure the budgets aligned making sure it all makes sense and then hopefully after three four five six months the framework will be solidified and we'll have a really strong program going. So this is a new program. If anyone on this call or watching the recording is interested in getting involved step one is you have to become the caution cider. That's kind of the funnel into the different programs that we have for high-tier community members. And then once you're there just let me know and we can start pulling you into the ringmasters kind of agenda.

Adam Wozney: So just wanted to call that out. That's something that we've recently launched and we'll see how it goes. We have a couple of events being planned out right now. And yeah, I'm excited to see what happens with that a couple of folks on this call are helping out with that as well. So big shout out to those guys any questions on the ringmasters program.

Adam Wozney: Good.

Adam Wozney: All Next up is Akash accelerate. So we have two events that are on the docket. the big event is our first ever full day Akash events. Gosh Summit that we're calling into Kash accelerate. Basically, it's gonna be a series of events panels workshops presentation's all the venue the day and the days leading up to consensus in Austin, Texas. So the end of this month

Adam Wozney: wanted to call out that we still watch party opportunities. So this kind of fits into the cost ringmaster world, but basically a watch party is not everyone's able to come out to Austin because that prior arrangements or they're busy or they just can't get out there. So we wanted to open it up to people around the world to watch party livestreams. So the idea behind this is local event organizers can reach out to their communities. They can partner with other meetup groups and say let's host in Akash watch party and all I have to do.

Adam Wozney: the event on put in a live stream and people can watch it and kind of network and connect with each other all watching the live stream from akashic accelerate. Currently. We have four that are solidified in different parts of the world and I'm working on doing five more so we'll have around nine. But if people are interested in participating in Akashi accelerate, we do have a small budget of about I think 300 us and akt or that event to get snacks and drinks and maybe a few swag items like stickers and whatnot. So if you are interested in hosting one of those in your region, or someone that would be Feel free to message me in a Sig Community Channel or sign up to the watch party sign up form, which is inside of the Akash Discord, so wanted to call that out. Only other thing is consensus is coming up right after a Kash accelerate. And we are bringing out some occasion Siders to help support our booth at a coccyx or a consensus.

Adam Wozney: I think we're bringing up four people total. we're going to have a meet up there I think we have six or seven different side events taking place that consensus. So we're gonna look pretty large Presence at Akash or a cash level large Presence at consensus. So if you are interested in getting involved, there is one to learn more head over to our Discord, whatever temporary consensus channel in there. You have questions or you're looking to get involved or this one updates head over to the Discord Channel inside of the sh Discord to get updates on any questions on those events or any of the stuff? I just mentioned before going on to my final few agenda items.

00:35:00

Adam Wozney: All Tyler did mention that we do have our Akash hackathon going on right now. It's our second one. We've been starting the last few days here. I'm seeing a lot more activities inside of our Discord Channel and inside of our door hacks page where we're hosting all of the different biddles that are taking place. There's three days left. So if you are interested in getting involved in that head over door hacks head over to the Akash Discord the support Channel. There's an announcement Channel as all the links that you need to get involved. everything's happening in there. So three days left the final submissions are due at 11:59 Pacific Standard time this Friday. So get your submissions in before then to be eligible for prizes. And There's a 200k prize pool up for grab. So now is a good time to jump into it. I saw a hand go up Tyler's you have something.

Adam Wozney: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: No, you're good. I actually got message by someone today too. And they're gonna try to speed run their hackathon project to get it in by this Friday. So the reason why I'm pretty strict on the hackathon timeline is two-fold number one is my wife's pregnant and she's due June 10th, and I'm kind of helping kind of manage the whole hackathon process starting next week.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: As Adam mentioned there is a andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Monday is basically when the baby could start to be in labor andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Scott is also mentioned. There is community support that is available every month to people in the community.

Adam Wozney: because we just don't know when the baby wants to come.

Tyler Wright: What we try to do with the bounties is folks that are participating in special interest groups of working groups andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: I just can't take the risk of not being around to make sure the hackathon is through to completion. So that's one reason andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: showing up they know all the various things that need to be done to improve the cost Network orâ€¦

Adam Wozney: the other reason is a majority of the overclock last team a handful of a caution cider.

Tyler Wright: they can say hey,â€¦

Adam Wozney: So a big part of the community will be in Austin over a week period I'm starting in a week orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I think this is something that'll improve the user experience on the docs page And from there,â€¦

Adam Wozney: weeks orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: youâ€¦

Adam Wozney: is it next week?

Tyler Wright: there's plenty of bounties to put around.

Adam Wozney: No, it's two weeks around.

Tyler Wright: So if anybody has anything really want to contribute and again, we understand that people's time is precious and people have other jobs. So for things that are pushing for the network and our open source, there are

Tyler Wright: Some akt available, but we just ask the people just come to the open framework or at least start discussions in Discord as opposed to just trying to ask me privately.

Adam Wozney: The idea that overclock Labs orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: It doesn't make any senseâ€¦

Adam Wozney: community members can help responded questions orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: because they get in this community spent. I'm just helping to Steward it.

Adam Wozney: judge the different projects that are coming in.

Tyler Wright: So again,â€¦

Adam Wozney: It's just gonna be too difficultâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if anybody has anything they want to participate in help with please let us know there is the bounty boardâ€¦

Adam Wozney: because people if you go to an event, I think a handful of you on this call of participated in conferences before you're kind of in the conference.

Tyler Wright: which is inside andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: There is no world outside of the conference.

Tyler Wright: get help.

Adam Wozney: So there's no way you could kind of get out and kind of help support. So that's why I'm kind of hard and fast on the timeline because the event will end this Friday there's a short review period for judges to leave in their notes on the different projects that are eligible for prizes next week Wednesday. I want to do a live stream demo with the finalists and then by Thursday, I want people to be able to know who the winners are because that Friday is when a handful of folks are gonna start heading out to Austin for all the consensus activity. So it's just not possible at that point. So that's why we have to kind of stick to the timeline for anyone that is participating in the hackathon. But yeah, I know I was hit up by a handful of folks saying I'd love to extend it we've done that before for our last one. We extended it. We got a lot of good submissions that way but for this one we just can't do it because the timelines too tight. Just calling it out.

Adam Wozney: Cool, next up is Bounty. So I wanted to Tyler is on this call. I thought it'd be worthwhile to bring it up and Scott as well. They're really leading the charging payouts and Bounty program. But basically we have a handful of bounties that live or on the deck and basically buggies are an opportunity to make a caution better and I wanted to see if Tyler maybe had any bounties updates or anything you want to talk about there.

00:40:00

Robert Del Rey: Solidly. Yeah, serious Wing going good. This is the third month and the last month of the Sprint. It's crazy. How time flies we've been able to have over 300 members at the moment in the city platform, which is a good number. And just wrapping up by the middle of the month things go up hero a little low on activity, but usually by the end of the month people are starting more active again and make their submissions before the deadline. That's one.

Robert Del Rey: So we didn't have many updates this week. Honestly, we didn't have the working group call yesterday Benji and I did catch up a little to think the new missions and what's next after sealing Galaxy is a topic that came up. We actually chat about Galaxy and to give you some ideas this platform Seeley.

Robert Del Rey: It's free to get us started. it's super cheap. we can create a community and have missions and pay rewards without much.

Adam Wozney: Thank you Tyler any questions on ouies? All Only maybe two short agenda items left and we're all wrapped up for the day. But I'm with Robert on the call. I thought it would be useful to maybe provide a zealy update and for folks that aren't familiar Robert and Benjamin a couple of our OG a caution ciders have been leading the program around Sealy, which is kind of a quest platform teaching people about Akash getting them more involved in the ecosystem. I wanted to see if you had any thoughts or any updates on zeli Robert and then maybe we could talk very briefly about Galaxy which is a competitor zealy, but I've been hearing a lot of things about so go ahead Robert.

Adam Wozney: Thank you Robert Tyler. You got a question.

Tyler Wright: I just want to add a quick statement. I know that. the developer onboarding program as I guess despite whether it's Galaxy I'm having to bring part there whenever he's really the one that we're currently using. I would just ask where you understand how successful that program has been in attracting some new folks. I would just want to put the records and community that I believe the developer onboarding program should continue. There are some folks as we look to building into the workflow.

Tyler Wright: There's a team that is building an sdl kind of a building something an awesome Akash and they want to use really as a way to have people test it out and use it. And so I think from a workflow standpoint. again, whether it's daily or Galaxy, we should continue having these missions the kind of Drive New users into our ecosystem and we're gonna have more and more calls to action for them to do so, I just want to put that out there on the record.

Robert Del Rey: I on that same line. If you have other ideas about interesting missions that we can make people do on a cash. Feel free to reach out. I'm always looking for ideas. So yeah, just gonna add that real quick.

Adam Wozney: Thank you Robert. we got a question from lowo.

Robert Del Rey: Hey, that's a great question. You can go to a cash Discord. We happen to have working group Channel. to chat only about the developer onboarding campaign and the link that Adam just sent in the chat is to get started The good thing about this campaign is that you can get started without actually interacting with a cache. we designed the thing that you have to be this core member but it's not necessarily for you to get started. So in case you have questions you can get started and then you can go to a cash this group working group.

00:45:00

Robert Del Rey: Allâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Perfect.

Robert Del Rey: you all said then?

Adam Wozney: Cool any other final questions for Robert?

Adam Wozney: yeah working group daily as well inside of the Discord. Go ahead Scott.

Robert Del Rey: Appreciate you man.

Adam Wozney: For sure, Robert coming through in the clutch. All right. So any other final questions for Robert on zealy or any questions on anything we discussed here today?

Adam Wozney: Once twice. All right. that's it. I want to thank you guys joining today's Community sake call on the 14th of May 2024 big shout out to we do the Shaga team the spark the summer folks. If you have questions comments concerns thoughts head over to the GitHub discussions Pages. That's where you want to go to kind of let people know what your thoughts are in those events any questions and anything else we've covered here today head over to the Akash Discord, you'll see different channels for everything in there. But last thing for Shaga, go ahead.

Shaga Team: Yeah, I wanted to ask one thing. would it be possible for us to use any material on this after we get the recording are you comfortable with?

Adam Wozney: what do you mean the recording from this.

Shaga Team: Yeah, this session with our Shaga Community. are we able to share how do you feel about it?

Adam Wozney: This is all public. Yeah, eventually this is gonna go on the website andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: yeah Tyler go for it.

Tyler Wright: No, it's gonna say yes, this is public. So I'll make sure you have the link. We also put it on our week. So it lives together. We lives forever rather so I can share with you whatever Lake you could have an RV link or you can have a Google Drive link that you have access to and you can share with your community and again, please update the discussion because we're looking forward to next steps with you some of the other discussions that we talked about here.

Shaga Team: Yeah. Sure. Thanks a

Adam Wozney: Thank you guys. but yeah any other final thoughts or questions head over to the Akash Discord, but if not, thank you guys for joining and as always we'll see in the metaverse. Let everybody.

Tyler Wright: Stay in the metaverse.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Adam.

Scott Hewitson: You in the metaverse.

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe everybody. the flip side

Andrew Gnatyuk: Three guys. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:48:34 ðŸ‘‹
