# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- Overview and updates on community initiatives.
- Discussion on recent events: Akash Accelerate and Consensus 2024.
- Q3 events proposal and planning, including ETHCC.
- GitHub discussions and community involvement.
- Hackathon updates and future planning.
- Developer onboarding program update.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 11, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://nl4ez6metcnz3sdkdgvxj6b2opl74ywekhhfqfj3smj6m4in3e2a.arweave.net/avhM-YSYm53IahmrdPg6c9f-YsRRzlgVO5MT5nEN2TQ)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

- Amanda Keay
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Joao Luna
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke E
  
## Meeting Notes
**Introduction and Welcome:**
- Tyler Wright welcomed all attendees and introduced the meeting in the absence of Adam Wozni, who is on paternity leave.
- The focus was on discussing community efforts, including hackathons, events, and other initiatives.
- Attendees were encouraged to add agenda items in the chat if they had specific topics to discuss.
- Tyler noted the detailed discussions during the steering committee about Akash Accelerate and Consensus 2024.

**Q3 Events Proposal:**
- Tyler highlighted that the Q3 events proposal would soon be up for discussion.
- Several events for Q3 and Q4 2024 have been agreed upon by the SIG Community.
- Participants were encouraged to share event ideas in Discord, either in the SIG Community channel or the working group for events 2024.

**ETHCC Presence:**
- Amanda Keay provided updates on the planned participation in ETHCC in Brussels.
- Akash will have a significant presence, participating in nine separate events.
- Akash will host three of their own events, with Greg and Neil speaking at eight other events.
- Amanda is waiting to hear if Greg's talk was accepted for the main ETHCC conference.
- Akash did not get a sponsorship for the main event but will actively participate by visiting booths and engaging with attendees.
- The goal is to have Akash represented in at least two locations simultaneously during the event period, starting from July 7th.
- Amanda offered to share a document detailing all planned side events.

**Insider Support for Events:**
- Tyler mentioned that some insiders have applied to support the events, and the finalization of this group is pending.
- Even those without tickets to ETHCC might be able to support side events and programming.
- Announcements will be made in the Insiders channel soon.

**SIG Economics Announcement:**
- Tyler announced that SIG Economics, usually held the first week of the month, will take place next Tuesday, June 18th.
- Encouraged participation from key stakeholders and community members for discussions on AKT and related topics.

**GitHub Discussions and Community Involvement:**
- Tyler encouraged attendees to participate in ongoing discussions on GitHub.
- Shout out to Roger and others for their active participation and valuable questions.
- Discussions include topics related to Sig chain cost reduction and an upcoming hackathon opportunity in India.
- Members of the Overclock Labs team and Insiders are coordinating to represent Akash at the hackathon in India.
- Follow-up conversations from the Akash hackathon were also mentioned, with winners announced on Dora Hacks.

**Hackathon Updates and Future Planning:**
- Tyler and Robert Del Rey discussed the recent hackathon and future opportunities, including a quadratic funding round proposed by Dora Hacks.
- Overclock Labs aims to support smaller hackathons leading up to larger events in the fall/winter.
- Discussion about using community pool funds for hackathons and spreading awareness among builders globally.
- Planning for the next major hackathon should start before late August, with a committee to be formed during the next SIG Community monthly meeting.
- Suggestions for hackathon tracks are encouraged and can be shared in the hackathon channel on Discord.

**Developer Onboarding Program Update:**
- Tyler gave a shout out to Robert and Piber for their work on the developer onboarding program.
- The wrap-up for the program was shared, and no new missions are currently being opened until discussions are complete.
- Collaborations with other projects like Galaxy 2 are in progress, and future missions might be seen through this collaboration.
- Robert confirmed that most rewards have been paid, with the remaining claims closing by Friday, June 14th.

**Closing Remarks**
- Attendees were encouraged to drop track suggestions in the SIG Community or Hackathon channels in Discord for discussion.
- Tyler mentioned postponing some of the Zealy meetings for June and highlighted upcoming working group sessions and SIG Economics discussions.
- The next SIG Community call might be adjusted to accommodate those attending Brussels events.

## Action Items
- All Participants to Suggest additional events for Q3 and Q4 2024 in Discord, either in the SIG Community channel or the working group for events 2024.
- Amanda Keay and Team to coordinate the inclusion of any new event suggestions into the Q3 proposal.
- Tyler Wright to Facilitate ongoing discussions about the Q3 events proposal and ensure all contributions are considered.
- Robert Del Rey to finalize pending reward claims for the developer onboarding program by June 14th.
- Tyler Wright to follow up with hackathon winners via email to discuss next steps and future involvement.
- Tyler Wright and Amanda Keay to finalize the group of insiders supporting the events in Brussels.
- All Participants encourage to start thinking about potential tracks for the next hackathon and drop suggestions in the SIG Community or Hackathon channels.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig Community on June 11 2024 again this special interest group for Community needs to discuss all things related to Akash Community efforts. I think there's discussions about insiders here around the hackathons around events and a number of other community facing initiatives. If anybody has any agenda items that they want to discuss here, feel free to drop them in the chat. Usually this meeting is led by Adam wozni head of community for overclock labs and really

Tyler Wright: one of the main Community Builders and the cash ecosystem for some time program of a number of other programs. He is currently on paternity leave while he is out myself and the events lead at overclock Labs. Amanda will do our best to try to fill in give updates on all things events hackathons and all of things going on in the community side again, if anybody has any specific items that they want to discuss here today. Feel free to drop them in the agenda. the last meeting there was a lot of discussion leading up into Akash accelerate and consensus 2024 again, there's been a lot that's gone on.

Tyler Wright: At those events and obviously you talked in great detail about it during the steering committee. Is there anything that anybody wants to discuss again? That hasn't been discussed on the Akash accelerate or the consensus 2024 said

Tyler Wright: One thing to look out for and I know there's been a lot of planning in this sig Community around it is Q3 events proposal is going to go up for discussion soon. I know there's been a number of events that have been agreed upon here as a part of the Sig Community for Q3 and Q fuel Q4 2024. And then I'm sure there's the discussions beyond that as well.

Tyler Wright: again, look out for a discussion happening soon. And please feel free to get involved if there's any events in Q3 or Q4 that have not been talked about that folks want to add potentially to listen and discuss in Discord again, feel free to go into Discord and either in sick Community or the working group for events 2024 to drop in any of those events. I know there's a number of opportunities all over the world that people bring to our cash. So feel free to drop anything that makes sense for there to be representation whether by insiders members of overclock Labs core team or combination of both feel free to drop those in State Community or working group for events.

Tyler Wright: Cool again, as a part of that Q3 events proposal. I know that there is a lot going on as it pertains to ECC andâ€¦

Amanda Keay: Yeah, thanks Tyler to say we're having a big presence is an understatement.

Tyler Wright: all the events going on in Brussels during that week the neglers some of those number of other things going on.

Amanda Keay: I feel we are participating in nine separate events.

Tyler Wright: I do want to pass it over to Amanda to talk about all the work that's been going on there.

Amanda Keay: We are hosting three of our own and Greg between Greg andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I know that there is a huge presence expected in Brussels.

Amanda Keay: a Neil speaking at the events.

Tyler Wright: So I'll hand over to Amanda to talk a little bit about what's going on.

Amanda Keay: We have eight separate events that we're going to be speaking at that's what I should say still waiting to hear on whether or not Greg.

Amanda Keay: And his talk was accepted for the main CC conference. We will also be walking around that we didn't get a sponsorship for the main event, but we'll be hitting up everyone's booths and stuff at the main conference as well. So I think we're in a good place right now. Our goal is to be everywhere all at once. So at any given time I think a cautious represented in at least two locations. So most of us are gonna be landing on the sixth and then events start ramping up on July 7th. So if anyone is interested in seeing all of the events that we're planning on being at during that day side events wise, I'm happy to share a little document that I put together just pretty much

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Does anyone have any questions they want to talk about here right now in terms of anything. Amanda just talked about.

Tyler Wright: One thing that I will add just for transparency sake is I think Amanda might have alluded to us but there's a number of insiders or not a number but there's some insiders that have applied to support all of these events. We are looking to finalize that group in the next very soon. I know that's waiting on me. And I know Amanda's pushing his harsh as possibly can to get this finalized. One thing that I am trying to see because there are so many events if there's a possibility even if some folks may not be able to go to ECC because a tickets only allocated for certain amount of tickets, but if folks can be there to support in other ways all the side events and programming so again, look for announcements in the Insiders channel for all those that have applied and look to finalize that very shortly following the same process at

Tyler Wright: Us thank you very much Amanda for that update. Again, look out for that Q3 events proposal that will be going on upper discussion and people can give feedback make sure that everyone's aligned and then go on change shortly after that.

Tyler Wright: I see Andrew in the crowd here today. I do want to shout out Sig economics, which will be happening next week. I know it normally happens the first week of the month that I know there's a number of topics that are worth discussing. I've seen some of that stuff in general chat as well as in the Sig economics Channel, again want to make sure that number of key stakeholders both in the community and some folks in overclock Labs tea team are able to join and have some Lively discussions there. So I'm doing a Shameless plug for Sig economics, which is moves from again the first week of the month to it'll be happening next week. The date is

Tyler Wright: Next Tuesday the 18th. So I just want to get put that on people's radar and I'm hoping that Andrew can be there like you normally is to participate in some of those discussions as we continue to move forward things on the akt side as well.

Tyler Wright: No problem.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's a couple other things that I specifically wanted to cover. There's a couple of conversations that have been happening around and GitHub discussions. Again, if anybody here on this call can continue to get involved in those discussions. Shout out to Roger and number of other people the community that are, asking great questions and getting some feedback from people that would be great to continue to push and that direction. There's a number of

Tyler Wright: Conversations we talked about wondering Sig chain around the cost down, but I would love for folks to get involved in that. I know something that Adam is looking to push forward with in the future as the cost Community continues to grow and evolve. But again, there's a number of conversations there on the hackathon side. There is a hack of opportunity in India around with some college students that they've talked about, wanting some Akash representation there. So please get involved in that conversation again members of the overclock lab team has been talking because it is a small amount that they're looking for besides just the presence there and there is a member of the Insiders that currently a couple folks in the Insiders that are currently in India region. And so again, it's a potentially small output

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: that there is a hackathon funds from the community pool available for potentially a number of builders that again could be exposed to Akash with members of the Insiders that can represent Akash there live and in person, so that's something that live in GitHub right now.

Tyler Wright: As well as I believe that there was some follow-up conversation from the Akash hackathon and obviously those winners have been chosen you can go to Dora hacks to learn more. I'll drop that in the chat for anybody that wants to follow up are about to results. I know that one thing that I want to do is from overclock side is just get to get together with all the people that won or place with any track. So again, I will look to follow up with people via email just to see what their next steps are with various hackathon projects and see how they can get more involved. So again, that's something that I will be doing with some other folks.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, and you're human, right?

Tyler Wright: Robert I know that you are very Hands-On in the hackathon andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: awesome So here we go. Yes, as you say yesterday. I spoke with George from Dora hacks we discuss.

Tyler Wright: provided a great summation follow up after talking to Joy from the door hacks team.

Robert Del Rey: how the hackathon went on their side And yeah.

Tyler Wright: Did you want to talk about anything here today, or do you want to save it for just online conversation again?

Robert Del Rey: What I want to give you some context about is that they suggested us a cash.

Tyler Wright: Feel free to Take the mic andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: To do a quadratic funding round.

Tyler Wright: talk a little bit if you so desire.

Robert Del Rey: That's something that thorax has going on and they asked usâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes, I can.

Robert Del Rey: if you want to do that. We just gotta let them know and yeah.

Robert Del Rey: basically with the quadratic funding it's like a second chance or hackathon participants to submit their reels and

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, again For me, there were a number of great projects and great entries that came through the hackathon. I think Adam mentioned this during steering committee, but there was some reservations about the turnout but in typical, just life. There are a number of entries that came in at the last minute and again, There are a number of entries actually came in after the deadline. So yeah, just something to think about From the overclock side. We want to continue to push the forward some of these smaller hackathons. I think was a number of events happening leading up to

Tyler Wright: leading up to ECC and all the stuff in Brussels as well as India hack upon we're talking about and then do something significantly larger in the fall slash winter. But again, I would love to have open discussion around what door hacks is offering and just hear from the community. I mention the following up with Pope folks that have participated to see what their thoughts and path forward is so that also potentially going to decision. I saw a hand up, but now it's down.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so there is an opportunity. I think much of the available community pool spend will be available for the bigger hackathon and September October November maybe that even gets broken up into two smaller hackathons or meet the three criteria again. There are some funds from that pool that can be used for some of these smaller hackathon efforts some hacker events that will be involved in don't even require any funding from us just like spreading the word and awareness but as the Indian hackathon as an example,

Tyler Wright: The idea as I've thought about it with Huey and some other members of the community is to use, small amounts of money from that larger pool of hackathon funding to support some of these smaller hackathons and spread awareness to builders all around the world. So, again very much up for discussion, but that was a thought process. That I've been thinking about with Huey for some of the available community pool spend used for hackathons.

Tyler Wright: I believe Zeke put a question in the chat, when will planning start for the big hackathon at the end of the year? It has a great question. I think the idea was to initially wait until late August to start planning. I do think we should start playing a little bit before that and then when potentially Adam comes back there's some things in place.

Tyler Wright: I would vote that going into the next Sig Community monthly meeting. Maybe we have that and talking point and we can start to put together a committee and start to think about what and end of 2024 or a Q3 or Q4 hackathon to look like and start to put some of the items in place that we know have been successful from the previous two hackathons Zeke. What do you think about that or others on this? Call Robert? I know you've been active in both hackathons. Do you think we should wait until September to get started or do you think there's some planning can start earlier than that?

Robert Del Rey: pay Tyler

Tyler Wright: Yes. Yeah, go ahead Robert.

Robert Del Rey: there was gonna say I agree with you. Maybe we can start it as we can install talking in the next Community monthly call. And from there we can start working on the hackathon.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. I think Zeke breaks up a good point that I would like the community to be thinking about a little bit more especially insiders in vanguards is what are some tracks that you see that maybe folks aren't building around right now that would add events value to the constant Network whether it be user experience standpoint or just tooling

Tyler Wright: or anything else, if we can start to think about tracks going into next meeting and then again start to think about a committee and just refining some of those tracks or ideating around some of those tracks. I think that would go a long way because I know historically that's been the most challenging part and the most time consuming part is determining which tracks make the most sense so again if there's anything that you all see on the community side, whether it be tooling or themes on the provider side deployment or elsewhere that you think kids are worthy of a track. Please start to drop those in sick community and we can start to talk about those going into next month.

Tyler Wright: excellent All Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss I would someone asking chat. Where do we suggest attracts? I believe there is a hackathon channel. If not, you can also drop them in the Sig Community Channel and then we can start having discussions. I do see a hackathon channel here in Discord again, feel free to drop into Community or hackathon. And what's the threat has begun then we can just continue that thread dropping in tracks. Preferably the working group for their cash hackathon makes the most sense.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: One other thing and again, we talked about it during the steering committee. shout out to Robert and piber for all the work that they did around the developer onboarding program. They dropped a wrap up yesterday again. I'll drop that in the chat for anybody. there's no more missions at this point. I believe everyone's been paid out. But this is a program that I would like to see continue. I know that again many of the Milestones were hit I know that there's been new members that come in through these kinds of programs of For lack of a better word like mercenary types that are independent contributors are looking for projects where they can earn.

Tyler Wright: Rewards for their time there have been a number of developers that I have. No at least heard about a class dsili and then have come in shut off their abilities and have been connected as Builders and looking to build again is more building opportunities present themselves, whether it be the maturity of the core code base or whether it be maturity of console 2.0 and other tools, I believe there's gonna be more opportunities for people to contribute. So again, I would love to see this program continue, but I do want to see if Robert has anything he wants to mention here, after the wrap up went out just yesterday, so Robert take it away.

Robert Del Rey: Sure, just one thing. Yeah, we are not opening new missions for now until we finish the discussions. However, we are working on join collaborations with other projects on C and on Galaxy 2. So maybe the community will be able to see approximations about a cash and missions about other communities through City. So yeah, I just wanted to drop that. yeah.

Tyler Wright: excellent I know that Again, is there anything else you want to highlight as you continue move forward? We're gonna postpone some of the zealy meetings currently that working group. and then again, I'm sure they'll be further discussions after the wrap up and next steps. But Robert, is there anything that you want to highlight on this call today?

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Yeah, that's a great point. We won't be having the weekly call at least during the month of June. And the other thing I wanted to say is that most of the rewards have been paying have been paid however, a few people still have and playing their rewards in the claim window will close this Friday 14. Just wanted to say to

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. cool again. Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss here live?

Tyler Wright: If not, then I believe prior to the next call many folks including Amanda and others will be in Brussels. If from the time conflicts, we might move this call back a little bit to accommodate that but again as we continue to look forward, I'll be following up with some of the folks related to the hackathon. If anybody has any thoughts or opinions about the quadratic funding from Dora hacks, please make those opinions hurt and sick community. We're going to talk to think about the next That's big Akash hackathon and folks can start to think about tracks and going into our next meeting. we'll spend some time, putting together a committee and getting as much as we can ready in anticipation for again another successful hackathon.

Tyler Wright: Other than that again, there's a number of things going on the Insiders front again, appreciate all the folks that had watch parties. We talked about that during the steering committee. But again, feel free to get involved. There was a successful update upgrade rather to a cash main net 12. So shout out to all the validators. There will be some more messaging available soon to the providers to upgrade their home charge. So look out for that. But again much appreciated everyone's time. Thank you Amanda for walking us through all the work you've been doing leading up to Brussels. If anybody wants to get it more information on there, please again, drop Amanda message and see Community or elsewhere. Thank you Robert for all the work that you've been doing and pibber as well around.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: The developer onboarding program as well as a follow-up from the Cosh hackathon. And again, we'll continue to stay up to date in Discord lookout for a number of meetings as a working group for provider audits that's happening this week. I know hybrid def I got some money for his team to do from the community pool spend and so you can track that on product and Engineering road map, but there is a working group session this week as well as again a number of other working group sessions and sigs that you can come to with also highlighting the Sig economics,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: Thank you soâ€¦

Tyler Wright: which will be very Lively next week with a number of conversations.

Andrew Gnatyuk: he

Robert Del Rey: Tyler. Stay safe.

Tyler Wright: so again We'll be in touch with those that will be going to Brussels very very soon much appreciate everyone's time today.

oo o: prosper

Tyler Wright: I hope everyone has a great rest of their day and great rest of the week and we'll talk online. And there's Adam always and she's calls.

Tyler Wright: Luna I'll follow up with you offline about who's going to Brussels that's still being decided we talked about that the top of the call, but again, I'll follow you online but is Adam always says See you in the metaverse. whatever

Meeting ended after 00:26:52 ðŸ‘‹

