# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #17

## Agenda
- Review of Previous Meeting Topics
- Q3 Events Proposal
- Community Support Proposal
- ETHCC Events Update
- Bounties and Community Engagement
- Zealy developer Onboarding campaign Updates
- Discord Security and Spam Monitoring

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, July 09, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Dinobi Udeh (Stanley)
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodri R
- Tyler Wright

## Metting Notes
- **Welcome and Introduction:**
  - Tyler Wright chaired the meeting in Adam's absence.
  - Discussed Q3 events proposal and community support proposal which both passed on chain.
  - Details about the passed proposal.
  - Link to the proposal to be shared in the chat.

- **Community Support Proposal:**
  - Passed on chain and will help continue programs moving forward.
  - Link to the proposal to be shared in the chat.
  - Emphasis on activating contributions from community members.
  - Bounties available for contributions; link to bounty board and bounty hunter's area on Discord to be shared.
  - Encouragement for insiders and general members to participate in bounties.
  - Insiders urged to join working groups and Specialist Groups to foster contributions.

- **ETHCC Events Update:**
  - Several community members are in Brussels for ETHCC.
  - Akash is participating in 14+ events.
  - Greg and Anil are giving multiple talks.

- **Zealy developer Onboarding campaign Updates:**
  - Robert and Piber working on updates for Zealy.
  - Testing other platforms to compare with Zealy for developer onboarding campaign.
  - New GitHub discussion to go live this week.
  - Focus on developer and non-developer missions, including documentation.

- **Hackathons and Funding Opportunities:**
  - Discussion of hackathons and funding opportunities, including quadratic funding from DoraHacks.
  - Smaller hackathon opportunities available; links to be shared.
  - Encouragement to notify the community of any hackathons over the summer.

- **Discord Security and Spam Monitoring:**
  - Monitoring and addressing spam and scams in the Akash Network Discord server.
  - Community members and insiders encouraged to report spam and suggest words for autobot filtering.
  - Efforts to funnel out spammy partnership inquiries by asking specific questions about the organization and partnership type.
  - Continuous monitoring and improvement of Discord security.

- **Validator Proposal:**
  - Reminder for validators to vote on the on-chain proposal.
  - Continued monitoring of Discord channels to remove scammers and spam.

- **Event Planning:**
  - Encouragement to start planning for Q3 and Q4 events.
  - Information on how to get involved in documentation and website projects.
  - Invitation to join Sig design and other working groups.
  - Master schedule for sigs and working groups available at Akash.Network/development.

- **Final Remarks:**
  - Tyler Wright to continue leading meetings in Adam's absence.
  - Acknowledgment of efforts and support from community members.
  - Encouragement to continue participating in discussions and proposals.

## Action Items:
1. **Tyler Wright:**
   - Share links to [Q3 events proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/260), [community support proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/259), bounty board, and bounty hunter's area in chat.
   - Share link to [community pool](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/community-pool-spend-reporting) spend reporting dashboard in chat.
   - Share information on hackathons and funding opportunities.
   - Monitor and reiterate guidelines for filtering partnership inquiries on Discord.

2. **Rodri R:**
   - Continue reaching out to community members regarding Discord engagement and spam monitoring.
   - Assist in funneling partnership inquiries by asking specific questions.

3. **Robert Del Rey:**
   - Publish new GitHub discussion on developer onboarding program.
   - Share findings on Zealy and other platforms.
   - Announce new missions and upcoming phases on Discord and GitHub.

4. **All Participants:**
   - Participate in upcoming Q3 and Q4 events.
   - Notify the community of any upcoming events for initial planning for 2025 events.
   - Report any spam or scam activity in the Discord server.
   - Suggest terms for autobot filtering to combat spam and scams.
   - Engage in GitHub discussions and provide feedback on proposals.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig Community monthly meeting number 17. It is June or student July 9th. 2024. Usually The Specialist Group for Community is run by Adam wasley is currently out on paternity leave. So while he's out, I will be supporting and helping to run these meetings at the last.

Tyler Wright: Sig community meeting the group talked about a number of topics including Q3 events proposal which I believe just passed on chains last week. I'm so thank you to all those that voted on that proposal again. It has passed I'll drop a link in chat for those as well as the Community Support proposal that has also passed on chain. So again, if anybody thank you to all the voted again and that'll just help continue some of those programs moving forward Q3 and then again, there'll be another proposal going on.

Tyler Wright: We also talked about ECC a bit a number of folks that usually this call are currently out on the ground in Brussels again akashes hosting or participating and I think over 14 events including the main ECC event in a couple other larger events or happening in Brussels as well. So there's a large presence in Brussels. I believe Greg has a number of talks as well as a Neil the head of product and VP of engineering at the number of talks happening in Brussels. So the whole slate of events, I'm sure we'll talk about those in more detail during the steering committee. But if anybody has any additional questions again following those events, feel free to drop those in Sig community.

Tyler Wright: again, just as a reminder, there's an action item from the last Sig Community monthly meeting around getting folks to participate in any events that they have upcoming for Q3 or Q4. We're also started to put together again. I'm sure a working group around the 2025 events. again look after that over next couple of months, but if folks can start to put together events that they see or getting notified about that would be very helpful to the Greater Community to start to and do some initial planning.

Tyler Wright: on top of that again this proposals that passed on chain number 260 and 259 the Q3 Community Support proposal. I will drop those in the chat for folks just as a reference points if they don't already have it one additional item that was discussed at Sig economics, but it's a newer item is just from a transparency sake again anything that is currently being managed by overclock. When we ask that all groups do this. There is a

Tyler Wright: A public reporting dashboard that's available to folks. It's called community pool spend reporting. I'll drop it in the chapter folks, but it's just another reference point. I know Huey has traditionally put all transparent reporting for all past events inside the specific GitHub discussions. But now there is again a reporting board for those that want to understand how funds are spent from some of these proposals out of news community pool spend. So again, if anybody has any questions or comments, feel free to drop those in sick Community, but again also reports are available to larger community.

Tyler Wright: cool related to the Community Support proposal again one of the things that we try to do with insiders as well as just general members of the community is activate contributions from everywhere to get to the Cloud parody and to continue to build their caution Network that it takes more than

Tyler Wright: Just a few individuals and teams again. Overclock Labs is just one of the many teams that it's working on the acost network open source project with that said there are a number of bounties opportunities for folks that want to get involved. It's a bounty board that I'll drop a link in the chat but there's also a bounty hunter's area on Discord where again if folks as get involved there they can also again get access or it had the Insiders connect them to some of the items and then I can see where they can contribute I would also ask insiders to again if they can join The Specialist Group are working group to do so because that send individuals are looking to contribute to one of those groups that is a great way and easy way to get involved where people can just get to know you during a meeting. Even if you don't have much just saying just listening we can introd

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Yourself and then here live about things that are being worked on and figure out where you can add value. So I'll continue to ask insiders to push that as well. But if there's another opportunity that you see looking to get involved again, please feel free to reach out. There's both non-technical and Technical ways to get involved.

Tyler Wright: very quickly and I want to open up to see if there's anybody else that has any agenda items. I know at the last meeting also talked about the development platform Robert gave us an update on. some of the work that he's been doing along with Fiverr for zealy. And so maybe we can get update there. The only other items that I wanted to cover today were around hackathons we talked about last week. there are a couple of hackathon opportunities as a quadratic funding opportunity from door hacks that they've pitch to us following their cost hackathon that just ended in end of May. There's also a small hackathon where they put a proposal on chain.

Tyler Wright: And there was some hackathon funds available. because there's no hack upon happening over the summer, and it's a small dollar amount and remember the community and remember the Insiders available to go in person. We're backing this hackathon. So again, I'll drop in information for that hackathon there. But again, this is something that has been paid and again shared for folks.

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody has any other small hackathon opportunities that you see over the next couple of months, especially while Adam is out. Please feel free to send them the drop a note in Sig Community get folks involved in the discussion. I know there are some again Akash hackathon, akt available based upon a proposal. I went out the top of the year. So again, we're I think the ideas to save a large portion of those funds for a fall or winter hackathon. I'll be run by Adam and members of the community but leading up to that again if there's any small opportunities that you see to try to drive Demand with new users or existing users that leverage it costs compute again, feel free to drop a note in sick community and we can look to support those hackathons. You can start a discussion similarly to what

Tyler Wright: that team spark hackathon did or again. You can just start a discussion in Discord and then see where it leads from there.

Tyler Wright: all Other than that, the only other item I was going to touch on was this General Discord. We take some time during the six support to talk about this in detail as well. But I know that some members of insiders have called out some spam activity that they've seen and some scams that they've seen leveraging certain words like server announcement Etc. If anybody from the larger Community or Insider specifically see any beams in terms of

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: content or words that should be caught by an Autobot tool, to cut down on scamming and spam and the cost Network Discord server. Feel free to drop those in Sig Community. or if you're an Insider and The Insider Channel again, we'll use time during this sick Community call to just checking on just general scamming and spam inside Discord and make sure that we can continue to monitor it and remove it as often as we can. Any other terms or any other behaviors that anybody here is seen in the Discord or other channels that might be worth sharing.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Rodri R: Why do people want to do with that? Because it happened more now.

Tyler Wright: yeah, I say that's a good call. Rodri we can do if you can continue to reach out to people let them know I will do that as well because I think I know some of the folks that you're talking about. That's actually a good call out one of the things that we're trying to do and we talked about this in six support meeting is as new people join. The Discord many folks are because of the growth of the cash Network project over the last few years. There's a number of people that want to by themselves to the cache of our actual functioning web 3 projects that works and has utility. and so they just look for partnership opportunities that are

Tyler Wright: Kind of just a waste of time and energy. What we've asked folks to do inside especially is start to ask some specific questions to funnel out some of these General inquiries that come in through Discord. So, if they don't say what kind of organization they're from or what kind of partnership they're looking to have, asking those specific information from pieces of information in the public to try to again get more information out of them or feel throughout some of the people are just looking to spam the Discord and I'm never looking to come back. That's a great way to again. That's some of these opportunities prior to tagging a From there. Again. The member of the core team will be looking but you always look to.

Tyler Wright: have an Insider reach out to remember the core team if there's an opportunity that makes sense. But again, this is an open community. So anybody from the community can get involved and kind of pushing these hope opportunities forward and assessing what next steps need to be done. So I will continue to reiterate that to folks and I'll ask insiders or anybody listening to this call to be a steward and again help push newer folks in the right direction and get as much information out of them as possible.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: thank you Roger for calling about

Tyler Wright: yeah I appreciate.

Tyler Wright: all right again, we'll continue to monitor some of those terms as well that we see in Discord and continue to just monitor just general behavior in Discord and see where we need improvements as we head into next g. Community monthly meeting

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, Yes, let me quickly say that. from last month to here piver, and we've been working on the next phase on the developer onboarding campaign rightâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Robert don't feel obliged to talk,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: It's on Sealy on the past few weeks.

Tyler Wright: but I know that there's been some work happening around the developer onboarding program one of the action items from the last meeting was to update the discussion that has happened.

Robert Del Rey: We've been testing other platforms. just so we can have Info to compare those platforms to ceiling and see where it makes more sense to relaunch this campaign about this cautions.

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody wants to get involved and I think you're going again,â€¦

Tyler Wright: please get involved in discussion pyber and Robert had put a lot of time and effort into the program. And again, it's been I think successful andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: The new GitHub discussion should go live this week.

Robert Del Rey: Yesterday andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: just getting new developers into the ecosystem.

Robert Del Rey: today we've been getting some more details that it's beneficial to add to the proposal.

Tyler Wright: I think as a community continues to grow and projects continue to present themselves will be more opportunities for people to contributeâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: So yeah everything it's coming together really cool.

Tyler Wright: but again as an onboarding funnel led by Robert andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: And we are ready for the next phase.

Tyler Wright: Robert, there's been a lot of successes there.

Robert Del Rey: So this week you can expect.

Tyler Wright: Robert, did you have any Thing that you want to talk about for people that listen to this later orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Robert Del Rey: The new threat up on GitHub,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: you will expect messages on Discord learning people know that this is up for discussion.

Tyler Wright: people or think that we can reference online. I'll handle mic over to.

Robert Del Rey: We're gonna share some of our findings on Sealy and on other platforms. And also we will share some of the New Missions that we want to bring in these new face. We're gonna go heavy in deployments. We're gonna go heavy in

Robert Del Rey: in Cross collaboration with other related death pin products and AI products and yeah that the government's the same try to embar as many deaths as we can to attach. Although we're also going to have a very decent amount of non-developer missions. It was suggested to us that we should also have documentation missions. And we're gonna have a pretty solid offering for the next phase. Yeah, after we discussing GitHub then the proposal goes unchain. Hopefully we can start the new face by the beginning of August. But let's see what the comments say and how the community feels about this old one feel very confident about where we're doing and it's good to see that.

Tyler Wright: No, no, you are a man of great words, much appreciate the update again. Look after that discussion becoming soon. I'm sure we'll be for some follow-up discussions live after that GitHub discussion goes up and then again look to see the boat on chain or look to see the proposal and chain up for To Natural segue real fast to a couple of proposals that I just wanted to shout out again, through the structure if anybody has an ideas, they want to pitch again. We have folks talk about those ideas and Discord and then during some of the sigm working groups and also in GitHub discussions are some active discussions going on. I would ask that folks on the Community College just in general just continue to get involved in some of these discussions.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: But I would love to again. Get folks involved when the discussion from Robert live again. Feel free Robert to drop it in number channels and then get some feedback from folks, but I much appreciate those. They are already getting involved in this discussion.

Tyler Wright: After anything else that anybody wants to talk about on the community side that hasn't been talked about.

Tyler Wright: if you're a validator there is one proposal on chain for boat. So again, please vote if you have not already. Thank you to all those that have voted. We'll look out for again some continued monitoring of Discord channels and other channels to optimize for again people's time and optimized to remove scammers and spam from those channels. Robert talked a bit about what's going on to developer onboarding program and so the next step so we'll look out there many of the folks on this call are currently either involved on their own time and energy or again from the core team supporting what's going on in Brussels with ECC and number of other events. So again, we'll get an update. I'm sure during the steering committee and future Sig Community meetings about all the events anybody has any

Tyler Wright: Any additional events for 2024 q3q4 starts to put those together right now the Q3 2024 proposal. It's on chain as well as the support proposal. So again just continuing to push many of those Community contribution programs forward to get more folks involved in with console helping with documentation website Etc. I know there's a number of other projects that are going to be underway soon.

Tyler Wright: Please feel free to join Sig design tomorrow, and I got a number of other working groups that will be made available. Again, the master for six and working groups is available at the link. I will drop in the chat, but Akasha Network slash development, and there's a calendar link again. There's continuing updates on the six and working group structure. Not too much for people's times and energy. But again, there's just been a lot of great updates happening. So thank you to everybody. Go ahead Roger. I see your hand.

Rodri R: The square.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, drop them in the Sig Community Discord Channel. There is a working group for the events 2024 Channel, but feel free to drop them in either Channel and then we can continue discussions in those threads.

Tyler Wright: Cool any other topics anybody wants to discuss?

Tyler Wright: If not, then again much appreciate everyone's time and energy today. Adam should be back in maybe not next month, but the following month in the meantime again, you're stuck with me and we'll continue to talk about all things hackathon events developer onboarding and anything else Community related so much. Appreciate everyone that's here. Thank you Roger as always for your support. Thank you to those. I'll be listening later. Hope everyone that's in Brussels is enjoying themselves and looking forward to updates there as well. hope everyone has a great rest of their day and the recording will be available soon. Thank you all.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you Tyler,â€¦

Rodri R: Thank you. Have a nice day.

Robert Del Rey: right? Bye Robert.

Tyler Wright: It's me, too.

Meeting ended after 00:24:34 ðŸ‘‹

