# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #18

## Agenda
- Update on EthCC, Paris, and Brussels
- Upcoming Q3 Events
- Akash Insiders Program Overview
- Community Engagement and Opportunities for Contribution
- Update on Cosmos Event in Buenos Aires
- Discussion on Hackathons
- 2025 Event Working Group Preparation
- Follow-up on Hackathon Teams

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 14, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Abhinav Gupta
- B S
- Damir Simpovic
- Dominikus Brian
- Fenil Modi
- oo o
- Piyush
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodri R
- SACHIN JHA
- Tyler Wright
- Ved Mohan
- Zeke E

## Meeting Notes
### Tyler Wright
- **Welcome:** Tyler Wright hosted the meeting in Adam Wozneyâ€™s absence, who is on paternity leave.
- **Previous Meeting Recap:** Discussed updates from the EthCC event and events in Brussels.
- **Upcoming Events:** Busy season ahead with multiple blockchain conferences in the fall, including Korea Blockchain Week, Token 2049, Mainnet, and Devcon.
- **Akash Insiders Program:** 
  - A program for those wanting to be more involved in Akash's ecosystem.
  - Developed by Adam Wozney, it offers opportunities for both technical and non-technical contributions.
  - The program is aimed at developing ambassadors who can support events and grow the community.
- **Community Engagement:** Emphasized the importance of participating in Discord for those interested in applying to the Akash Insiders Program.
- **Update on Cosmos Event:** Amanda and Zach are traveling to a Cosmos event in Buenos Aires to collaborate with the Latam region and engage with new providers.

  ### **Hackathons Discussion:** 
  - **Sachin Spark Hackathon:** Discussed community pool spend and engagement with the hackathon.
  - **Fenil Modi's Update:** Provided insights on the hackathonâ€™s outcomes and mentioned ongoing efforts.
  - **Piyushâ€™s Update:** Reached out to winning teams, offering internships and continued support. Teams are exploring Akash and Artemis for further projects.
  - **New Hackathon Proposal:** Ved Mohan introduced a new hackathon in New Delhi, with over 1500 registrations.
    - **Sponsorship Request:** Seeking support from Akash for monetary sponsorship and mentorship.
    - **Event Details:** 24-hour in-person event with various tracks, including a special track for beginner teams and women-led teams.
    - **Sponsorship Breakdown:** 40% for prizes, 60% for event logistics and management.
    - **Platform:** Using Quest platform for the hackathon.
- **2025 Working Group:** Plan to create a working group to discuss potential Akash events and representation for 2025. Community members are encouraged to suggest events.
- **Follow-up on Hackathon Teams:** Explore showcasing successful projects from the hackathon and potential marketing opportunities.



**Community Engagement:**
- **Tyler Wright :**
  - Encouraged community members to get involved in ongoing discussions.
  - Highlighted the importance of critical questions and active participation.
  - Mentioned specific team members (Domi and Rodri) for their exemplary involvement.
  - Emphasized using community funds effectively to support meaningful projects.

- **Zealy Platform and Developer Onboarding:**
  - **Background:**
    - Robert Del Rey and Benjamin previously discussed and piloted a developer onboarding program using Zealy.
    - Initial funding was obtained from the community pool, with additional support from Greg at Overclock Labs.
    - The project moved from discussions to a successful pilot, leading to a proposal for Phase Two funding.

  - **Current Status:**
    - The first month of the three-month campaign is underway.
    - Zealy is being used to drive demand and engage new developers in the Akash ecosystem.
    - The program aims to attract developers through tasks and missions, offering rewards.

  - **Shoutout:**
    - Thanks given to Robert and Benjamin for their efforts.
    - A "secret word" was announced: **Marketplace Compute** (c o m p u t e).



**Future Discussions and Event Planning**
**Tyler Wright:**
- **Upcoming Focus:**
  - The next SIG Community call will focus on events, particularly for 2025.
  - Discussions will include Akashâ€™s presence, effective strategies, and what has worked or not worked in 2024.

- **Event Prioritization:**
  - Need to prioritize which events to attend and consider having more presentations.
  - Discuss the balance between web3 and traditional web2 conferences.

- **Demand vs. Supply:**
  - Emphasized the importance of solving the demand side of the network to drive supply.
  - Focus on teams and individuals building products that increase demand for Akash Network resources.
  - Noted that as demand grows (e.g., from large users like Netflix), supply-side resources (CPUs, GPUs) will be utilized more effectively.

- **Web3 vs. Web2 Presence:**
  - Evaluating when to focus more on web2 conferences versus web3 events.
  - Considerations for attending Kubernetes and traditional web2 conferences.
  - Thinking about where Akashâ€™s presence will be most valuable and impactful.

**Announcements and Updates**
**Tyler Wright:**
- **Upcoming Testnet Opportunities:**
  - Watch for announcements regarding the Cosmos SDK47 testnet.
  - Looking for technical folks, validators, and general participants to help with testing.
  - Not incentivized in the traditional sense, but there will be incentives from Overclock Labs for contributors.
  
- **Busy September Ahead:**
  - Key events: 
    - Career Blockchain (early September)
    - Masari Mainnet (mid-September)
    - Token 2049 (end of September)
    - Additional events through October and beyond.
  - Core team and community members will be active at these events.

- **Hackathon Opportunities:**
  - Potential hackathon in early September and other hackathon opportunities to explore.

- **Engagement and Discussions:**
  - Encourage involvement in ongoing discussions, including technical discussions such as Discussion 656.
  - Critical questions and active participation are highly valued.


**Next Steps:**
- Monitor for announcements and updates regarding the testnet and upcoming events.
- Engage in community discussions and contribute to planning efforts.
- Stay updated on hackathon opportunities and event schedules.
- Continue discussions on event strategy and planning in upcoming SIG Community calls.
- Monitor and adjust strategies based on feedback and emerging trends in the industry.



## Action Items
1. **Event Participation:** Encourage community members to get involved in upcoming events (Korea Blockchain Week, Token 2049, Mainnet, Devcon).
2. **Akash Insiders Program:** 
   - Promote the Akash Insiders Program to potential ambassadors.
   - Ensure community members applying to the program are active on Discord.
3. **Cosmos Event:** Await updates from Amanda and Zach about their experience and collaboration efforts in Buenos Aires.
4. **Hackathon Follow-up:**
   - Continue support for winning teams from the Spark Hackathon.
   - Develop case studies or marketing content showcasing successful hackathon projects.
   - Review the new hackathon proposal from Ved Mohan, including potential sponsorship and support.
5. **2025 Working Group:** Prepare for the creation of a working group to plan Akashâ€™s presence at events in 2025. Collect suggestions for potential events.
7. Ved Mohan to create a document summarizing the new hackathon proposal and share it in the Sig Community chat for further discussion and feedback.
8. **Involvement in Testnet:**
   - Prepare for involvement in the Cosmos SDK47 testnet.
   - Keep an eye out for specific announcements and details.
9. **Event Participation:**
   - Prepare for a busy September and October with various events.
   - Plan engagement strategies and participation accordingly.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig e monthly It is August 14th. 2024 much appreciate everyone's time for being here again. Usually he's meetings are run by Adam Watson ahead of community for overclock labs. Usually there's a number of insiders as well as this General community members here. I am going to be running the meeting in his absence. He should be back shortly. He's out on paternity leave. So again respecting his time.

Tyler Wright: there's a couple of items last meeting we talked about ECC we talked about Paris. We got update from Amanda and all things that happened. Excuse me out in Brussels rather.

Tyler Wright: We talked a little bit about the upcoming period and the Q3 events support proposal that went on chain and has since passed. I know we're about to get into a very very busy season where There's a number of events happening in the fall including Korea blockchain week token 2049. I'm sorry mainnets Devcon Etc. So again, it's a bit period as many of there are opportunities for

Tyler Wright: folks from the community to join and participate in support some of these conferences. There is an Akash insiders program, which people can apply to it's a program for those that want to get more involved in Akash and again development support users that are trying to get more involved join sigs and working troops groups. There's a number of Technical and non-technical ways to contribute and so a caution scientist is a program first developed by Adam to kind of be a home for those that are looking to be ambassadors and again through the Tires program there's additional opportunities for folks to get involved with in real life events hosting their own events Etc.

Tyler Wright: If anybody sees anybody in the community that wants to get more involved again, there is a page on the website where people can apply The Insider program. There is an emphasis on people inside our program that actively participate in Discord. It's hard for me to follow up with somebody or anybody that's helping out with the inside applications when that person doesn't have any activity in Discord. So just something to note for yourselves. And again people that she may come across in the community.

Tyler Wright: There are a couple of items that I wanted to make sure that we touched on as a group Amanda is actually on her way to travel to a verse event in Buenos Aires happening. I think it's a cosmo first lot. I am event both Amanda and Zach will be representing Akash looking to again collaborate with people in the ladam region continue to get more providers and on from that region as well as deployers. So again, we'll get an update from them. I probably have the next Sig community meeting and maybe prior to that the steering committee meeting. In terms of agenda items as previously mentioned there was a couple of things that I want to make sure that were covered at this event here today. There was a couple of

Tyler Wright: events that have happened Including Sachin spark hackathon that happened. There was some community pool spend that was used for that. There was a discussion fenil who I think is on the call was there are a couple other hackathons actually that are up for discussion right now, and I want to see if anybody from those discussions also here to talk to the community about their small efforts so we can get some again Community feedback beyond that when Adam wozni returns again, I want to start to prepare for what could be a working group around 2025. I think we're getting to the point where


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: It'd be great for folks to come together from the community to start to talk about potential events that Akash should be at in 2025 what our President should look like at these events and Beyond. So again, we'll probably create a working group in September October to cover 2025 and start to get a bench signaling proposals kind of geared up. So again, if anybody knows of any events that they think a cost should be at to be represented that please start to write those things down so that we can get those things ready for our next Sig Community call and subsequent working group.

Tyler Wright: All I do want to start with some follow-up and I'll drop in some notes from discussion again. I know that there was a hackathon where there was some and Spark hackathon. That was run by fenil who is in Akash Insider. He was also somebody that participated in the last Akash hackathon the cosathon too and So I wanted to get an update because I know there was some again community pool spend thank you very much for all that. You've done in a reporting you and piyush who's also in the call also an Insider active member in the community who's been working on a number of things from website revamp to console support, but for now, I just want to get a check in with you. See how things went with the hackathon.

Tyler Wright: And any next steps and maybe piyush I know that you were all there in person. So feel free to chime in on finding some winnings Etc from the spark hackathon that happened Believe at the end of last month.

Tyler Wright: Thank you for Question for you. Did any of the teams are they continuing to use the caution in any way or have any new team showed interest in getting more involved in Discord and supporting the growth of a cost. Have you been able to follow up with any teams and see how things have been going since the hackathon? one go ahead. Peace.

Tyler Wright: 

Piyush: Yeah, so basically we used out to some of the winning teams and we also put them internships as well to basically continue the work that they are doing since they are a student I think offering them some good in Concepts and elements and all could be a great opportunity for them to learn and move forward with their carry so they're all so using for attending elements and all they are exploring how they can use Akash and Artemis continue to support them so with proper funds and all that's all


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent piyush.

Piyush: Be yeah, so yeah, I will get a panel to the silicone of the proper block andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I know that this but if you see anything that's worth sharing from a marketing standpoint,â€¦

Piyush: I think we can ask this was the first time button sponsored by a cartoon in India.

Tyler Wright: certainly because a blog orâ€¦

Piyush: I think this can be a great boost for othersâ€¦

Tyler Wright: some sort of case study following some of the work from the winning team.

Piyush: who wants to use in India. So this work with panel andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So again, thisâ€¦

Piyush: come up with the proper blocks very specifically.

Tyler Wright: but if there's any way for us to continue to Showcase some of the great work from some of the individuals during the hackathon, please keep those front of mind so we can think about how to execute that.

Ved Mohan: Hey. Hey, how are you?

Ved Mohan: Anonymous yeah, I'm good. How are you?

Ved Mohan: Hello, I'm So as the piyush about the hackathon that our sponsor for the first time so I would just to bring you another opportunity orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: excellent

Ved Mohan: Akash Network that we are doing a hackathon also it will be here 24 hours in person icon with over 300 folks in New Delhi the capital of India andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Adrian I see a hand Go ahead Ved.

Ved Mohan: the new for that I cannot like on is triple it it's really pretty steam Institute of India.

Tyler Wright: Good, how are you?

Ved Mohan: And we have already got more than 1500 plus registration for the hackathon.

Tyler Wright: Good good.

Ved Mohan: So I was just wondering if Akash Network can support this hackathon by any

Ved Mohan: yeah. Yeah, we were doing a conversation but I don't know due to some error with sending the links the GitHub account got suspended. So we continued the discussion on telegram that we have created a group with Akash on Telegram.

Tyler Wright: 's been started? Is there a discussion that you've already your first?

Ved Mohan: yeah.

Tyler Wright: excellent All right.

Tyler Wright: I see a hand up. I know this is a new discussion. I think is there any way you can drop a web page or something in the chat for folks in the community real quick peers before you have your hand up in bed before you continue again? It'd be great to drop some links in. I just want to if anybody had any questions or comments about the spark hackathon that was run by fenil and supported by piyush andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: No, it's from GitHub side.

Tyler Wright: India before we move on to any other hackathon related topics.

Ved Mohan: It's gonna not from our passenger.

Tyler Wright: All Yeah again I know that you originally put a Converse a discussion up but I think there's been an issue with GitHub.

Ved Mohan: Yeah, that's the registration page.

Tyler Wright: I'm trying to track it on to seeâ€¦

Ved Mohan: You can look through the registration page andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if it's Akash Network organization related issueâ€¦

Ved Mohan: find some details about that. Also if you want we can share the website of the animal.

Tyler Wright: which I don't think it is.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciate you being here.

Ved Mohan: But 24 hours.

Tyler Wright: This is a group where people live and we'll be able to look at the recording. It'd be great to have a little bit more information.

Ved Mohan: Yeah. It will have two plus web 3 hackathon andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay, I get to drop in a link here.

Ved Mohan: we have some with responses dissolved on request.

Tyler Wright: Cool, so the hackathon is about 24 days out.

Ved Mohan: Probably monitor monetary sponsorship and some mentorships andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay submission closes in 24 hours,â€¦

Ved Mohan: all about that.

Tyler Wright: but it's September 7th andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: I was also building a project about cloud gaming andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: 8th, right? Okay, it's in New Delhi.

Ved Mohan: I was just wondering throughout the different placesâ€¦

Tyler Wright: It's a 24-hour hackathon.

Ved Mohan: where I can get some support whether that'sâ€¦

Tyler Wright: What is the theme of the hackathon? Like what?

Ved Mohan: where I got to know about the Akash like that. I can build my product Network also, but that's a different topic. But yeah.

Ved Mohan: Not really.

Tyler Wright: Okay, and what are you looking for from the Akash team?

Ved Mohan: I was just looking through it. I was using Azure for right now, but I was just looking through the Akash and I am thinking it would be great if I can do with Akash also.

Tyler Wright: Okay, so have you been using a cache yourself as a event organizer?


### 00:15:00

Ved Mohan: We can surely take any person at the venue orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay, is the idea that there would be included with the spot potential sponsorship there would be somebody from the Akash community that would be joining the event to provide on the ground supporter.

Ved Mohan: we can do online workshops to teach them about Akash and something like that.

Tyler Wright: How do you envision being able to support users that are asking about Akash without having built on it yourself,â€¦

Ved Mohan: I guess it was thousand attached opens as far I remember I was not talking I would never was talking. I don't know. Are you here?

Tyler Wright: I guess.

Abhinav Gupta: Here, I'm like just doing The discus on guitar, but from some sanding some importance and actually heavy is asked for some importance link.

Tyler Wright: Andâ€¦

Abhinav Gupta: So I share that some Lanes so from the GitHub,â€¦

Tyler Wright: then what is the amount that the sponsorship?

Abhinav Gupta: my account is suspended but in the discussion, I also mentioned that we are expecting around 1000 akt it's a network tokens. So we use these tokens to provide a prizes to the parts. Sprints so doing some support in the logistic.

Tyler Wright: Okay, so the 1000 akt tokens. You said the breakdown what percentage would be broken down for?

Abhinav Gupta: Yeah, we are dividing the amount in the percentage of 40% We allocated to the price fund andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Giving to hackers to use versus management costs. Do you have a breakdown of that?

Abhinav Gupta: 60% of the monetary support.

Tyler Wright: So for the people because again, we have no problem of there being a management cost.

Abhinav Gupta: We are covering the event Arrangements including venue logistic andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: We don't want people to be necessary working for free,â€¦

Abhinav Gupta: supplies andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but we want to be very clear what's going to go towards people deploying slash rewards for the project versus what's going to be going to the team that's putting on the hackathon.

Abhinav Gupta: that makes the part spent experience more better.

Ved Mohan: It was 60% 40 for the prices and 64 the other logistics menu for any other things that we have arranged for the Packers.

Ved Mohan: Yeah apart from that. We have done few special things. we have put it 30% seats reserve for the beginner so that we can make our hackathon being a friendly andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay, so he said 40% for rewards andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: we have included a special track price for all Best Fitness.

Tyler Wright: prizes 50% for a venue andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: If you scroll down you can see that pricing and we have also a special track for all test best all girls team. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: other costs and then what was the last 10% I'm sorry.

Ved Mohan: It was just scroll down you can see in the reward session. Just a little bit about All investing you can see also we have included a game development track.

Tyler Wright: Got you. Okay.

Ved Mohan: best dignity August

Ved Mohan: Yeah, we are hosted around three to four different hackathons. if I tell about our community, we are a group of different Community leaders and we all came up together to organize this account. So yeah, as a community. We have all stood around to the icons, but why the different organizers?

Tyler Wright: Good, do you have experience hosting hackathons previously or is this your first effort?

Piyush: Yeah, so I have a question for both web and been over so as I can see the value you guys have decided is to collect so I just like to know who is the student at reply to be responsible for taking care of all permissions from the management andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Piyush: all so a little bit of the team is in importantâ€¦

Tyler Wright: does anyone else have any questions for?

Ved Mohan: Yeah, okay.

Piyush: if you want it you can share

Tyler Wright: Bed and the team go ahead piyush.

Ved Mohan: Yeah, okay, as I already told you we are a group of different Community leaders and we have students throughout different state of India and different colleges of India. And for the venue.

Piyush: presentation

Ved Mohan: We have partnered with the IEEE chapter of tribality Delhi so that they are helping us to get the ring.


### 00:20:00

Ved Mohan: Yeah. I

Ved Mohan: understand

Ved Mohan: we will do that. Yeah, thanks for that huge.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any other questions about this proposal?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead from you.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, I have custom for today as per you said you have organized I had done in past. So can you just name that hackathons?

Ved Mohan: Yeah back with India had no wait, and what was in my forward one name like?

Abhinav Gupta: our reorganized Yeah,â€¦

Ved Mohan: You know what this?

Abhinav Gupta: I'm also the organizer of hat with India and second one is I have no wait five andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: right

Abhinav Gupta: third one is a build with Delhi and fourth one is a hack with Kelly. So for these four hackathons and the organizer on this accounts.

Ved Mohan: Yeah, it would just share the links here so that they can just see.

Fenil Modi: yeah.

Abhinav Gupta: Yeah, give me a second. I'm saying that.

Tyler Wright: That would be great.

Tyler Wright: Anyone else have any questions? For Ved and the rest of the team.

Fenil Modi: Which was a platform you used for the hosting the icon therefore what?

Ved Mohan: Here for the previous one it was defolio for this one yet sequest like headquarters just started hosting hackathon. So this is their first Community hacking on also.

Fenil Modi: Okay, yeah. request

Abhinav Gupta: And we find it hack Quest it's starting so it's like providing a good features. That's why we are using that.

Fenil Modi: for my account request also a great for color presentation, but they are trying to Google update with me the else are selling their courses to our hackathon hekinom participant and that's why I said no toequest like that. I am asking why are organized on a quest platform?

Ved Mohan: Yeah, but they didn't tell us something like that because this was their first account. So they just wanted to host them and on their platform.

Fenil Modi: Okay.

Abhinav Gupta: right

Ved Mohan: Also, I guess request doesn't sell courses. They are free of cost anyone can learn about the three as far as I know and see.

Fenil Modi: Because they also reached out to meet for the heck, but all sparkly some organization request, but they're trying to save the hotel. I don't even in the forehead request and Mars Market our courses and get 1,000 decision on our courses andâ€¦

Ved Mohan: yeah.

Fenil Modi: they are asking for that way.

Ved Mohan: I don't know Did this kind of deal? We just want it as a platform since they also know about â€¦

Fenil Modi: Okay.

Ved Mohan: what people will like, no one wants to see this kind of partnership.

Fenil Modi: Can you show your last second of pages one day for you?

Abhinav Gupta: Yeah, I still like a happy link on a check.

Fenil Modi: Can you open this trailer?

Fenil Modi: second office

Abhinav Gupta: You some website. Also, I shared a defolially.

Tyler Wright: I think piyush has a great next step of because discussions are blocked. If you can just make a dock including all this information and we can continue this conversation in the Sig Community chat. That would be a great neck great next step. I do appreciate you all taking the time to join this call. I will drop this recording into Sig Community as well just for other people to weigh in just as a note because we just want to hear what the community thinks about this and the fenil proposal didn't come from community pool spend it came from different pools of money that are available. But again, we want to use this as a place for people to


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Some gauge interests again. There's so many people in the community that I just wanted to get it out and open and see where the involvement just necessarily wouldn't come from community pool because it's a smaller akt request but again I do want to get the opinion of the community continue to vet this team very similar to that. We did with the spark hackathon team and then determine if this is an opportunity worth pursuing. So again bad if you all can put a conversation in a doc together in sick community, that would be very helpful. The quicker you do that the quicker will get conversation going and again we can figure out next steps from there.

Tyler Wright: any other questions on this hackathon or any other hackathons before we move on to some other topics?

Tyler Wright: All right.

Tyler Wright: Shameless plug time for again as a part of the community efforts. We're always looking for people to get involved in discussions. There are a couple of discussions that are active right now that have been active that have been created in the last couple days. I'm going to drop those in the chat. There's a couple of teams I think that some of our court team members meant out in Denver that are looking to get more involved in Akash and have talked about basically an idea that they're looking to explore so I would be great for people to get involved in these discussions. Ask critical questions. Shout out to Domi who always does a great job of doing that rodri also is active. But again, please please get involved in the discussions that goes for any Community member if anybody wants to see additional opportunities in which they see pushing their cost Network again a great sign to show

Tyler Wright: whether or not something needs community pool spend something should be actively worked on. please please feel like you should get active in those discussions at critical questions hold people accountable, but we do want to continue to use Community funds and the community pool to support the proper projects that are looking to advance that cost Network. So, please get involved in those discussions. that is also a natural segue into I know there's a specific working group for this but

Tyler Wright: There was again some time ago Robert Del Rey and Benjamin from the community from insiders talked about a developer onboarding platform. They looked at zeely. There was some initial pilot spend because it's a small dollar amount similar to some of these hackathon efforts that were provided to Robert to do initial Pilots of the developer onboarding program. There was successful in that developer onboarding program from there. There was discussions made their Roberts and Benjamin talk to the steering committee and then they put up a proposal for funds from the community pool. They got those funds in the community pool. And then Greg from the overclock Labs team also matched some of those funds the phase one andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: Hey Tyler, Don. Thanks. And hi everybody. I believe you put it perfectly the process of having these idea andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I proposal was successful and again that launched then creating a discussion around two phase two proposal went on chain andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: then making it to our reality. It was exactly as you describe it we started just talking about the idea.

Tyler Wright: that proposal.

Tyler Wright: Pass on chain. And so now again we've gone through this kind of path of again discussions discussions turn into a pilot program pilot program turns into a success of that private program turns into community pool spend andâ€¦


### 00:30:00

Robert Del Rey: Then we went on and decide to do a pilot then when discussions then went on chain and the rest of the history. So yeah. We are on our way to complete week number two of the first month. It's gonna be a three month campaign.

Tyler Wright: we can continue to again use the open source framework andâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: So there is enough time for everybody to join and do the missions.

Tyler Wright: the governance to get funds.

Robert Del Rey: I actually wanted to have just one minute to say the secret word orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Shout out to Robert and Benjamin for all the work they do I know there's a working group,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: the community working group mission.

Tyler Wright: but I just want to see if there's anything that you want to highlight on the developers onboarding program here today for the community call.

Robert Del Rey: And The Secret World guys. I hope you're paying attention. I know you are rodri the secret word. It's gonna be Marketplace compute c o m p u t Yes, I sent an in the chat.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Again. There's zeely working group sessions. There's a Discord Channel. There's entire platform with the intention of again getting new developers from the zeely ecosystem or just new developers that are looking for specific awards for different tasks to get more involved really trying to drive Demand on the network as well as continue to find new developers that can help out with very sigs working groups Etc. So much appreciate Robert Benjamin for all their efforts. Any questions on zeely before we continue on with the agenda?

Tyler Wright: I wanted to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to talk about again with Amanda on our way to traveling towards Buenos Aires. I think we'll focus on the events at the next Sig Community call unless anybody has any objections again, I'm going to and we could talk about the next Sig Community call, but I think we're gonna make another working group that has a meeting or two for events in 2025, talking about our presentation talking about the Akash presence, talking about things that have worked and haven't worked maybe at events in 2024â€¦

Dominikus Brian: One going to be sort of a little bit more prioritize.

Tyler Wright: what events we should be at? do we need to have more presentation?

Dominikus Brian: Do you know anything about that or?

Tyler Wright: We need to be more events,â€¦

Dominikus Brian: in general

Tyler Wright: we can have all those discussions following our next Sig. but yeah, I just wanted to again see if there's anything else that anybody wants to talk about Community facing at this time. I think that's a community question. I think that's a great question. If you want to hear my answer, I believe that it should be demand. I believe that once you solve the problem of demand then there's going to be a whole bunch of Supply that is we know is sitting idle that is going to be spun up very quickly. So for me, I'm always interested in teams and individuals that are building products that as they grow. Go ahead Their usage of the Akash Network grows. So, we've seen a bunch of companies AI space But even from a workflow standpoint, I won't say that traditional Cloud, but

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: again, there are clouds that benefit from demand side of a Netflix using their product as Netflix has more users Netflix has more as their product grows their need to use

Tyler Wright: Said Central Cloud could grows. I think from a cautious side. That's when you'll continue to adoption and continue to growth on the supply side is when there's so many projects are looking for gpus resources looking for any sort of competing compute resources and it's an easy self for overclock Labs easy sell for people in the community to be like, you have CPUs or you should bring them on because you will make money tomorrow because there's so much demand for it. As you mentioned I think both sides of the marketplace are going to be important, but my vote would be demand and I'll talk a little bit more about that to your point. Don't me? I think another thing to think about is we've


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: As a cost Community, I've spent some time thinking about the web three ecosystem and then we think about when it's a time to focus a little bit more on to developers web to ecosystem. When is that right time to go to some more web to conferences? So continuing to think about that where our presence is most valuable andâ€¦

Dominikus Brian: Great totally agree.

Tyler Wright: web 3 where it's most valuable and around the deep in narrative, how that ties into web 3, or maybe we need to be doing kubernetes conferences more traditional web 2 conferences and thinking about those questions holistically and more specifically what events we should be at would be great things to start thinking about

Tyler Wright: any other topics that anybody wants to discuss that haven't been discussed.

Tyler Wright: look out for some announcements over and next week or two. There's gonna be some opportunities for people in the community to get involved in testnet for Cosmos 47 or customers. That's okay 47. It's not like an incentivized test net like we've done previously where there's a bunch of people that can come in you can get rewards but we are looking for technical folks validators providers just general people that can work with the CLI work with consoles to help with testing. There are some incentives that are going to be from overclock labs to help with the testing to help the core engineering but again,

Tyler Wright: It's not going to be centiv testing it has been incentivized testing it has been traditionally but we do need some Hands-On deck. So look out for announcements there again, the schedule of the next couple weeks will get truncated. Next Thursday will be the steering committee because as you all know September is going to be extremely busy from an event standpoint with career blockchain at the beginning of the month Masari maintenance in the middle of the month talking 249 at the end of the month and then a whole bunch of other events happening into October and Beyond actually, I'm sorry. I mean it might be at the end of the month as well. So just a whole lot going on that's again that core team and members of the community will all be active out. So yeah, and then again, there's also potential opportunities for a hackathon in the beginning of September other hackathon opportunities. So there's a whole lot going on among some console up.

Tyler Wright: It's core product updates. So, please look out for updates. Please get involved in discussions. There's several couple of really good interesting discussions again one. I'll drop in the chat discussion 656 from a technical team that I have. Connected with so please get involved in this discussion ask critical questionsâ€¦

Ved Mohan: Yeah sure that.

Tyler Wright: because again continuing to drive demand is on everyone's mind and some of these teams might have in front of mine, but they're always looking for on people that get involved in discussions.

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else then I'll certainly let you all go a couple minutes early.

Robert Del Rey: Right. Thanks guys. Stay safe everybody.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciate the conversation around hackathons around events, please Ved get involved create that document that doc so we can continue that conversation in the Sig Community Discord Channel andâ€¦

Rodri R: today

Tyler Wright: look to get something figured out sometime soon.

Tyler Wright: much appreciate everyone's time today again great conversations. As always. Hopefully Adam will be back next time we meet so you don't have to deal with me anymore. But again, it has been a pleasure to be here in Adams absence. Thank you all very much. See you all in the metaverse.


### Meeting ended after 00:39:49 ðŸ‘‹
