# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #19

## Agenda
- Updates on team activities and reflections on recent events.
- Discussion of strategies for hackathons and potential sponsorships.
- Review of updates for the community and insider programs.
- Overview of upcoming events and establishment of working groups.
- Open discussion on structuring event sponsorship proposals.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, September 10, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7m4voozzewq7nnzhoteyc7zbeuvc72pb2fpou57f72etmypu7ulq.arweave.net/-zlXOzklofa3J3TJgX8hJSov6eHRXup35f6JNmH0_Rc)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Amanda Keay
- Tyler Wright
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Fenil Modi
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Richard Genis
- Robert Del Rey
- Zeke E
- Neta DAO Academy
- Poroburu
- Joao Luna
- Dimokus
- ‰∫Ä‰∫∫Â∞èÊ≤≥


## Meeting Notes

### General Updates
- Adam Wozney returned after a long break and acknowledged the excellent efforts by the team during his absence.
- Adam highlighted the need for updates on hackathons, community engagement, and proposed improvements in the insider program.
- Adam briefly mentioned the goal of restarting various initiatives, such as insider discussions and hackathon planning.

### Event and Hackathon Updates

- Amanda Keay provided a summary of recent and upcoming events:
  - Korea Blockchain Week was successful in boosting brand awareness in Asia.
  - The team is gearing up for Token 2049 in Singapore, including hosting a summit that will showcase product demos and integrations with Akash.
  - Massari Mainnet in New York is also a key upcoming event, where Akash will sponsor the main event and host side events.
  - Participation in Cosmoverse in Dubai will round off the month, with a focus on blockchain collaboration and community outreach.

- Tyler Wright expanded on hackathon strategies:
  - Encouraged participation in planning for next year's events.
  - Shared insights on trial wallets and fiat payment testing for the Akash network, which will enable more diverse event participation.
  
- Fenil Modi outlined plans for the Hack the Mountain Hackathon in India:
  - Fenil proposed including Akash in the prize pool and distributing swag at the event.
  - Plans to manage an Akash booth and engage with participants by collecting emails and hosting discussions.
  - Highlighted the need for Akash‚Äôs presence to ensure a connection with the developer community and broader engagement.

### Community and Insider Program Updates
- Tyler Wright gave an update on the Akash Insiders program:
  - Emphasized the importance of active participation in Discord and other community platforms for those seeking to become insiders.
  - Encouraged community members to contribute to Akash‚Äôs ecosystem to be considered for insider status.

- Adam Wozney shared future plans for the insider program:
  - Adam plans to relaunch and improve the Insiders program to better support community members and foster deeper engagement.
  - The upcoming changes aim to streamline activities, refine requirements, and enhance support for individuals contributing to the network.
  - Adam plans to gather feedback from existing insiders to ensure the next version of the program meets community needs and expectations.

## Action Items
- Fenil Modi:
  - Prepare a detailed document with cost breakdowns and expected outcomes for Akash‚Äôs sponsorship at the [Hack the Mountain Hackathon](https://hackthemountain.tech/).
  - Include details about the booth setup, prize distribution, and participant engagement strategy.
  - Share photos and insights from the event for social media and potential blog content.

- Adam Wozney:
  - Develop a standardized framework for future event sponsorship proposals, including hackathons, to streamline decision-making and funding requests.
  - Organize a working group to finalize plans for the next hackathon and improve the Insiders program.

- Tyler Wright:
  - Oversee coordination for Akash‚Äôs sponsorship at Hack the Mountain Hackathon, working with Fenil on execution.
  - Work with community support to finalize and approve sponsorship funds.

- Amanda Keay:
  - Continue to manage logistics for Token 2049 and Massari Mainnet, ensuring Akash‚Äôs visibility and engagement at these global events.
  

# **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Know what's going on? Still half. The team is traveling for all the events happening in September. So catching up with them. It's kind of like sending a message to Mars and waiting

Adam Wozney: A 24 hour to get a response because everybody's in different time zones So I'm like way I don't know what's going on right now. I'm just trying to do some stuff trying to get my head back into the swing of things So Tyler Robert you're absolutely right, I'm rusty. But yeah I mean I created a very simple agenda really. I was gonna lean on maybe Tyler and I see it. Thank you Amanda for joining the call because I think you guys have a lot more probably to cover or updates on your guyses. but what I wanted to do today was have Tyler and Amanda Quick give their kind of quick updates. I want to spend a majority of the time just kind of hearing from y'all on how things have been going. I've been away so maybe some things that are working, some things that aren't working. I'm planning on doing some one-on-one insider calls for folks that are watching the recording that aren't insiders. It's our kind of ambassador community, it's like people on the tip of the spirit of the Akash, I don't know. We want to call

Adam Wozney: on war for depend. So, I want to kind of give a little bit of updates on an insider framework. That I've been thinking on while I've been gone for the past two and a half months. And then I wanted to briefly talk about potentially an upcoming HACKATHON, or maybe even series of hackathons. I know we've done them in the past. We're starting to sponsor some hackathons, but I'm just thinking through what are Hackathon kind of strategy. Could look like on the community side and how community members can get involved or just be updated on what's going on there. But, that's really kind of my very rough agenda for the day. Is there anything anybody else would want to cover? feel for your raise your hand. And I'll add it to the agenda here today.

Adam Wozney: No.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, yeah, I have talked about this thing about food trailer. There is one. HACKATHON happening in India, called Hectic Mountain, instead of fifth season, and I was a participated as a hacker, but I thought should be part of the second one. So, I asked to Taylor to some kind of sponsor this packet on yeah,‚Ä¶

Adam Wozney: Cool, I'll add all that to the agenda and‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: you said

Adam Wozney: we can cover what that looks like.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that was a part of my talking points that I was going to go through.

Fenil Modi: yeah.

Tyler Wright: I was gonna talk about that and then I was just going to talk a little bit about some working groups that I think will come out of this. And then I was going to hand it over to Amanda to talk about events. So that was the only thing I was going to cover.

Adam Wozney: Go forward. Tyler, you're up.

Tyler Wright: again, much appreciate everybody joining here today. I'm very happy to be in the process of handing this all back to Adam while he was gone, much appreciated. Everyone's participation we've talked about everything from Zeely to potential events As we look ahead to 2025. Amanda's done, a great job of giving us updates on all the events that we've been participating in through the summer, while Adam's been gone, there's been everything from all the events happening in Brussels, to, just a number of things that have happened to Buenos Aires Korea Blockchain week, which I'm sure she'll talk about a little bit and then look forward to some of the event. So I know Amanda's been a woman on fire, going all over the world and just raising awareness and just like having kickass events on behalf, the Akash network much, appreciate all the insiders that have also been participating and supporting as well.

Tyler Wright: Major shout out to Domi, who I know is been participating with the career blockchain week, as well as token. 2049 has been instrumental in helping out with some of the merch and some other things as we get ready for those events. But real quick, I'm just remind folks as we move into the next couple of weeks, if anybody has any potential of events that they want to talk about for 2025, I think we'll start to put together a working group Adam will leave these efforts maybe over like October or November to start to think about planning because I know we'll start to put up props for 2025 at the end of the year. So we'll have to get that kind of stuff, ready, I'm sure there's a lot of learnings that we have from this past year. So I just want to again just get there to participate.

Tyler Wright: there again, Adam talked about the insiders I dropped in a note for the insiders program as for those that want to apply, again, while Adam's been gone. I've been looking at applications and just reaching out to folks that I think kind of meet the criteria. I know there's a number of folks that apply, but again continue to look out for emails from myself, for Adam, as we move forward, for those looking to get involved, but it is a highly scrutinize and very elite group that I cautions either so that for those are looking to participate but they haven't participated or even got an active and discord. I think that's a good way to show your involvement in the community for entire application is when one of us looks at your application, looks at your discord and can see you actively in the discord, a cost just court commenting on that goes a long way. but again one


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Of the programs pun intended, Akash insiders is the ringmasters program. I think that's something that Adam has been thinking about, in will continue to fine-tune, but I know that Fenil who had just mentioned a little bit. Again, Fenil came in through the Akash HACKATHON 2. This past year was a winner of, I think a prize, I think for a second or third place, correct me from wrong. I might even first place. But again, came into the cost. Hackathon, had joined the insiders because he wanted to get more involved in on the cash project. He led Akash hacker. He let a HACKATHON this past summer called the Spark HACKATHON. Where, a lot of people use Akash Piyush who is insider and community member gave a talk at that HACKATHON. We've got some email lists that we've collected from.

Tyler Wright: Hackathon from I think over 1500 registrants but I know Fenil has another potential HACKATHON that he wants to participate in on behalf of Akash that's coming up in the next couple of weeks. And so, I thought it might be good for him to talk to the community here about what the HACKATHON is and what is exactly looking for. And then, from there, again, I was going to pass over to Amanda to talk about some of the events, like Korea and making token 249. And then finally, just get out of the way for Adam, to take it over But before I hand over to Fenil, I see Amanda's hand up, so Amanda go ahead.

Amanda Keay: Hey, I have to actually go and pick up my daughter from school. So do you mind if I do my events update right now? Instead of second, Okay. Apologies.

Tyler Wright: Of course. Sorry. We'll get to you right after.

Amanda Keay: So as Tyler was saying, We have been all over the world in the last few months. the team just most recently got back or some people are still over there at Korea. Blockchain week, It was a really good success. We had a couple of events that we were sponsoring ourselves as well as sponsoring. We sponsored the main conference and had a lot of good feedback. From that some good connections. I think one of our key takeaways was just improving our brand awareness in Asia. So that's something that we're looking to do even in Singapore next week as well getting connected with more.

Amanda Keay: Different avenues and things that we don't normally think about when we are doing events over here in the Really good from what I've heard from the team. I think everyone is still kind of recovering and getting ready to hop on planes in the next two days to go to Singapore. So yeah, token 2049 is Everything starts next week and Akash is doing if you're following the main socials, which I'm sure everyone here is. We're hosting an powered summit, which is going to be similar to Akash accelerate. It's just gonna be four hours Shorter just very high, level panelists and speakers coming and doing mostly product demos and presenting using a projects that are using a caution the integration. So we are excited for that. It's gonna be happening on the 17th.

Amanda Keay: Greg has a couple really awesome opportunities to speak on the main stage at Token 2049. So we're excited about that. And we're gonna get a lot of coverage there as well as sponsoring the main event and participating in 22, official side events. So we are crazy. And I think everyone on the team is gonna be just, hitting the ground running and thank you for all the insiders that are coming and looking forward to meeting you guys next week. I actually start hopping on a plane on Thursday, so I am really excited for that and then we get a little bit of recovery after token and then we're hopping right into New York City for Massari Mainnet, which is happening. The end of this month, finishing up our pin summer series and have a really great lineup of panelists and speakers. Yes, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, I was gonna let you finish and then I was gonna add something, I just didn't want to go ahead.


### 00:10:00

Amanda Keay: Yeah, no problem. so yeah we're sponsoring them the main event at Massari doing some side events and then we're also participating in Cubesummit, which is the day, right after? Sorry Mainnet. And it's hosted by the Yale Blockchain Club and a lot of different blockchain. University Club members and speakers are coming and presenting there, which gives us an opportunity to get connected into those universities and hopefully talk to people who are looking to use really excited about that. And then Just I mean very briefly. We have so much going on. We're gonna be in Permissionless a couple weeks after that heading over to Dubai for Cosmo, verse the end of the month in October. And then I think we have a little bit of a breather in November so excited for that as well. But yeah, I have been putting some high level event.

Amanda Keay: Bullet points in some of our channels, happy to do some more on Github. And if you guys have any questions, I'm here and available. what is it called? I'm not on discord as much as I should be. It's one of my social medias that is a good so many other. As you can see, I'm sure you can hear everything at my house right now is blowing up with messages. So yes, I will promise to get back to you if you have any questions. I think that's it.

Tyler Wright: The only thing I was going to add is I know that folks like Max who's on this call and a couple other folks will be a race summit. This is a little bit of Alpha but it's also on the record, which is dumb. But I know that the product team which Max is instrumental to folks that are helping to build a console. There's been some testing around trial wallets. I know at a HACKATHON just last month, Hack, India there was some testing around trial laws through console

Tyler Wright: I know that the consult team is working very, very hard by the time I'm sorry, I may net and the race summit Expect Fiat payments, also be available via console. So that's something that's being actively tested. Right now. As far as again, we move into the end of the month. consoles should have fiat payments again, there'll be some testing over the next couple of days weeks to make that available. But then again, as we think about 2025 events and where we want to be, I know in the past we've shied away from some of the non crypto events, because it's been hard for people to abstract the way that layer. But again with Fiat payments coming to console. I think that's going to open up a number of new opportunities for where we should go in 2025, but again, Max B and some others from the core team and Logan from other members of the community will be at Race Summit directly prior to Massari main net. So just want to shout out those things and just shout out again.

Tyler Wright: To Amanda and all that she's been doing to organize lead some of these efforts, bring people together and put on some of the best experiences. shout out to Amanda but look to get involved in that working group around an event 2025 which I'm sure will be forming over the next month or so any ideas can go in discord prior to that, though.

Adam Wozney: I think that. Thank Anything else Amanda before you have to jump?

Amanda Keay: No, I think that's it. Thanks, Tyler for mentioning, Rey summit. It was one of the ones. It was happened to be the exact same time as Massari, but yes, we are going to be there as well. No, I think that's it for my end. Thanks. Adam.

Adam Wozney: Thank Tyler and Amanda. Let's move on to finale. I want to make sure Am I say your name right? Fenil.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, it's absolutely yeah. so,

Adam Wozney: Excellent Yeah, give us a kind of a overview of the hack, the mountain.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, so I have set the link of the modern website so they are organizing HACKATHON and this is the fifth season of that. I have a direct one in the last year, so it's all the excellent and the most of Indian tech projects or came out from this HACKATHON. And this year, they already go to six hours, 6500 position in the second one, and it will be a hybrid board. So there will be a 400 folks in person and other will be joining from online. So I will be going there in person and I think I should be one of the high school money and I guess would be a part of the second one.

Fenil Modi: but I have approached them. So they said they are closed their initial for a sponsors and all. So I have convinced them to add a cash to be in their prize pool so there will be okay and they are saying Make some kind of amazing and cool, good stuff. Just soak Can be a price would. So I have talked with them and I have added if the game name let me talk on. Have you heard anyone? Candidates. It is a trending game so it was a many hype came and currently it is trending. So the price will be added up from the Best hack from Akas and for the person and for them online. So there will be a two prize money going from August. I have connection to them so I like to have in there.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Can you drop in the game that you were talking about? And then I know you were talking about adding a prize pool for a cash.

Fenil Modi: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I know it'd be interesting to know‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: it's

Tyler Wright: what you're thinking that prize pool would be, and then I'm sure members on the call here, members of community would be interested in for class I guess sponsoring a potential track.

Fenil Modi: yeah.

Tyler Wright: What does Akash sketches akash get a number of emails? What other opportunities are you going to be speaking on half of Akash and then be introducing people and walking people through the experience? Just a couple more details on the value ad for the Akash network and the community would go a long way and especially again, what the potential? Akt amount that you're interested in again, having a cost sponsor.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, sure, So basically they close the sponsory sponsor industry as I said. So they would be not give us any kind of email of the participant but they will give a good space for a showcasing arcus as well. And I can promote archas of You having some kind of a panel discussion throughout you can say. So I pass what is going and all and how does helping in community, and that's how it does. And I can collect emails, who are the station for the akas specifically, and I can communicate with them and I can forward our custom community.

Tyler Wright: Cool arm. Then I understood that I did not hear a Akt amount, but maybe I'm Yeah,‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: Yeah, so yeah, yeah. ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: you're fine.

Fenil Modi: sorry, sorry I said but they send me that. Yeah. You cannot big charge up of money from the sponsoring apart because I have guys cannot sponsor this hackathon. So the kind of the steam key price is the $50. It can be equivalent to 24, 25 18.

Adam Wozney: Wait, so we can't sponsor it but we can sponsor it.

Fenil Modi: Yeah. Now we are not sponsoring but we can be a community partner. Yeah, we can,‚Ä¶

Adam Wozney: I see there's a community partner section.

Fenil Modi: we can add some kind of price pull up in that.

Adam Wozney: Got it. for 50 US dollars which is 23 or 24 Akt.

Fenil Modi: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: It'll add as a community partner and then

Fenil Modi: and we have also promote why our specs swag distribution so that will cost around the kind of 150 150k.

Adam Wozney: Do we get? And then you said that you would be kind of the Akash representative there.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, yeah. So we have to install a booth and all

Adam Wozney: So there would have to be a booth as well. Got it.

Fenil Modi: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: How much is the booth cost to put together?

Fenil Modi: so the both will be caught out to nothing but the license and sticker will be pushed around, all things will be managed in the 158

Adam Wozney: Got it. Do you have a dock on Github that you propose this or is this? You've only brought it up with Tyler and Dms and then in the call right now?

Fenil Modi: No, I don't have anything like but we have done in VMs. It's better.

Adam Wozney: Got it's coming up pretty quick. It's in,‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: Yeah. Yeah.

Adam Wozney: what is it, three or three days? the sponsorship amount. I think we could pull from bony funds. I don't think anyone would be upset by that because I think it's still beneficial to a caution that's not an issue. I think it' be Here's what it's gonna cost to know be listed as a community partner. Here's the cost for a Here's who's going to manage that booth and their understanding of basically like a one sheeter, just a document that lists Here's how much it's gonna cost for each item, Here's how I'm going to manage each item and then here is what we can expect in terms of outcomes. I'm no, we're going to be able to collect, 50.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: Emails from this that we can follow up with participants our sponsored track for example,‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: it sounds like we get a sponsored track, that's part of it as well. Cool. So the sponsored track.

Fenil Modi: Yes.

Adam Wozney: I would like to know, what it is. We're at requesting people to do because there's a lot of different things that people could contribute to on the network, could be helping people become provide Could be helping people. Deploy could be contributing to cosmos omnibus on Github. It's just like knowing exactly what we're wanting them to do. that needs to be kind of sorted out. Because my fear is we responsor an event and‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: Okay.

Adam Wozney: we just kind of throw money at it but it's like how is it supporting the ecosystem and the community just like something like that is listed out on paper.

Adam Wozney: and a little bit more detailed than we got the akash logo on billboard that's boring. It's like, we're gonna be able to help 25 university students, deep dive into Akash through a workshop and here's the RSVPs to that workshop. That's interesting. So basically if you can create a pretty simple one-page document. That's Here's how much it's gonna cost to be listed as a community partner. And what that means what a community partner gets or what that means is it just a logo on the website? Or do we get branding? Is it a five minute talk up on stage. So, really just kind of listing out, all the things that are required from us to give and then what the expected, outcomes of it will be, I think listing that out. I think we can make a better case for, getting the resources. I don't think it should be an issue because it doesn't

Adam Wozney: Gets that much. Compared to a lot of the events that were participating in but there still should be something that says Here's what we should do. And as we've been talking about this, I've been thinking it seems like while I've been gone and even right before I left, we started getting message by different individuals looking to get sponsorship dollars from us. Not just hackathons, but events in general. Tyler maybe something we can rough draft and then bring up in the next Sig community. Call is onboarding basically an application like you want a cautious sponsor your event,

Adam Wozney: Give us your email. How much is sponsorship? Give us your deck and what we would get out of it and then we will review and follow up if we think we can plug it into what's already been approved As a part of the HACKATHON governance proposal budget, or the events, proposal budget, from the community. I think that might be a way to kind of go about doing this. Andrew can't, just spend money. Yeah, I used to work and my dad's small business. So dollars and cents add up to me. So I always think that way but yeah.

Tyler Wright: I,

Adam Wozney: So that's my quick thoughts on what we're talking about right now. I don't know. Go ahead, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: I was gonna say I would agree. I know that again I can speak for Fenil as an Akash insider and their community member but we did not talk about any dollars and cents. I think at this dollar amount if we just put together, the document that Adam has a quick document with some of those bullets laid out as Adam mentioned, then I think Scott, he would soon. And I can green like this from the community support budget because it's just a small amount of Akt and push it from there especially because it's coming around the corner. But it would be great to have that document just as a reference point that we can add to the bounty board to just track against the community support funds. But again, that

Adam Wozney: I think that's the one thing. I think I'm gonna take away from this. And I agree with you Tyler because this is coming up in this, four days. I don't think there's time to kind of put together a very detailed proposal but


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: I think this is something that I should kind of create the community. here's what a HACKATHON proposal template looks like. And then for anyone and not just hackathon proposal, it's like event sponsorships. If you want us to sponsor something, there should be a framework for approvals for that because otherwise, it'll keep being this where it's like, Here's an event that's coming up, let's throw some money at it and hopefully something gets out of it. We need it to be framed. So that way, it filters out, the things that we know we shouldn't do and it encourages things that we know we could like the network and, benefit from. So, that's something I can do after this. I just made a note to kind of come up with, a event sponsorship, Hackathon proposal kind of a template. But for this, I think it's fine to go with it because, you mentioned Tyler. It seems like it's pretty low dollar amount. It's not gonna knock out the budget for community support that we already have.

Adam Wozney: So I mean, for me I think it sounds cool but Tyler I guess ultimately you'll probably the one requesting the funds for this. So

Adam Wozney: It proposal.

Tyler Wright: No, Adam. I think that framework makes a lot of sense. what, to this point, we just been having people use github discussions and then get the community involved and then have them come to a sick community meeting to talk live to the members of the community, but I like the idea of having a framework in place for our events like side sponsorships, HACKATHON events, all that kind of stuff and having a document that we can have people reference and then once we have those things that we could talk about those things like the application kind of during the sick community call or whatever. So I think that's a great next step that we can conquer.

Adam Wozney: yeah, I'm glad you brought up Github. I think that's probably the place to put it rather than an application form on the Akash website. Just put in similar to how we have best practices for grub props have best practices for events sponsorship, proposals, whether it's conference or a HACKATHON, so that's something I can kind of work on and then propose to the community to kind of review, poke holes in. And then once people sing cool with it, we'll put it up and it'll live and that'll be the process for kind of getting sponsorship dollars for events. I think that makes sense but because this one is on such a short timeline, I guess I've put it in your court Tyler. I don't know how to handle This, how to get it paid for and support it. Other than saying, I'm cool with it. I'm still getting up to speed on things. So Tyler, what do you think?

Adam Wozney: You're muted. If you're talking, maybe it's not needed. while we're waiting for Tyler to respond. Maybe I'm offline. Does anybody else have thoughts on what we've been discussing?

Tyler Wright: Sorry, I was unmute.

Adam Wozney: You're good. Go for time. yes,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: What would you want me to respond to?

Adam Wozney: because this is such a short timeline and I'm not sure what next step started to help get this supported so we can kind of move it along. how are you guys doing it now is just you and Scott basically say Sounds good, Fenil, work with Tyler to kind of get sponsorship. Tyler's okay?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah, no. I'll put together a document. As you describe drop it in the sick community group. If anybody has any objections, they can make them hurt here now or they can make him hurt there. But if there's no objections, I would push to move this forward because again of Fenil's track record in the dollar amount then if there's no objections and Scott and I can coordinate via the community support and then we'll just add this to the bounty board for visibility. And Then again from there between meetings we will work on the framework for all events and HACKATHON asks as we move into Q4 and 2025.

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Tyler Wright: Andrew just asked if he can get photos for Neil and if we move forward with this, and you can put that document together, the more photos we can get out. That's a great action item that we can again put on social media, it would even be good if you can take some notes that maybe we can turn into a blog or something. Some sort of deliverable that we can put on the website so that would be terrific.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, I will.

Tyler Wright: Awesome.

Adam Wozney: Any other thoughts on kind of what we've been discussing around this HACKATHON and kind of how we can approach upcoming potential. Not just hackathons sponsored events but just sponsored events in general. Any thoughts on that?


### 00:30:00

Adam Wozney: All right, cool. Let's see. So I think we went through everyone else's agenda items unless there's any other thoughts. I just wanted to quickly cover, we kind of been talking about hackathons already, but one of the things, I think I can kind of without needing much updates from anyone kind of get out the door because we've run them in the past and we have budget for it from the beginning of the year is another HACKATHON.

Adam Wozney: Another cost HACKATHON. I don't know what it looks like quite yet. I don't know what the goals or the outcomes will be quite yet. The high level thinking would be around. What can we do with within the HACKATHON? Kind of framework to increase long-term deployments on Akash, get more people excited and using Akash network for long-term. Deployments not just like you're in, and you're out but things that will last So that's the high level thinking around it beyond that it's just in my brain. but I think over the next few days here, I'm going to start putting together. Some rough kind of Ideas around what this HACKATHON could look like.

Adam Wozney: will probably end up still using door hacks as our platform for this because we have some leftover budget with them that we can use for price allotments and we still have some budget from our HACKATHON Gov property at the beginning of the year.

Adam Wozney: So I think this will be kind of our last big hackathon for the year. We have, September so in a perfect case scenario by October. So within, three to four weeks we can have this thing actually live. I'm kind of in the idea of calling it like a holiday hackathon. It's a risk. We've never done. I don't know many people do that and I'm open to your guys's thoughts or feedback. But the idea behind this is like, Hey get away from your relatives, for a minute and start hacking do something productive. Instead of just eating turkey around the Christmas tree here, wherever you're celebrate. So we're calling maybe holiday hacks. But again this is all very much up in the air It might be worth. Setting up another HACKATHON. Specific working group call, we haven't done that in a while.

Adam Wozney: But before we do that, I probably want to get a rough framework. Or here's the idea very high level. we're trying to get long-term deployments we probably want to do it over the holidays. Who do we want to get for What support do we need it as needed. So just kind of putting a rough framework on that and then once I have that in a good spot, I can kind of maybe set up a working group call for anyone that wants to get involved or learn more kind of understand it. And then from there, push it out the door and then hopefully sometime and October or really November, we could actually kick out our final hackathon of the year and to see how it goes. The last one I think and I'm sure Pybrid would probably agree. I think was that Much better than the first one A lot of key learning, still things that we get it done better but each time we do them. I think they're getting a little bit better time.

Adam Wozney: So maybe for this next one it won't be as giant as the first or second one was maybe it'll be kind of a very fast quick and dirty let's put together a hackathon that's very focused on one particular item and see what people do but that's kind of the rough idea around Any thoughts on that any feedback?

Adam Wozney: All And then the last thing is so while I was on parental leave and actually No, I won't do it. I'm gonna save an introduction to the new baby for the insiders call. So that's gonna encourage people who aren't insiders to apply. I've been thinking a lot about just the insiders program to me at the end of the day Akash wouldn't be in the kind of lead I would say within Deep End and Crypto and AI if it wasn't for the community for you guys. And for me I view the insiders program as the most important thing Akash or Overclock Labs is supporting and participating in right now.

Adam Wozney: From creating sdxl on Akash to a cost chat to provider, support to event participation, none of this stuff would have been possible wasn't for the community at the end of the day. so I've been thinking through, what is working within the insiders program? What could we take out or remove, How can we better support individuals? How can we get more individuals to want to become part of the community? And in between changing diapers and not sleeping very much during my parental leave? That's what I was kind of thinking about


### 00:35:00

Adam Wozney: So I've been putting together over the last week and in this week since I've been kind of back a very rough idea around kind of a insiders 2.0, if you will, a reframing of what the insiders program is, How we support individuals that want to get involved activities, requirements, and kind of what that all looks like. And that goes from the top of the level. We're just like insiders. And then it goes to, the subcategories of kind of people that are a part of this all vanguards bring masters which kind of needs a bit of a revamp, because I was a way I launched it right before I left, which is probably a big mistake, but I was like, this will work. So that was my fault. so kind of just a real launch of the insiders program from soup to nuts, but I can't do that without your guys's feedback. So people that want to get involved in the program for anyone listening, that's not an insider apply and then

Adam Wozney: Can kind of get involved in this but my goal is over the next, few days weeks here. I want to try to set up as many one-on-one calls with a caution siders as possible to kind of get their individual thoughts on what's working. Who did they like, working with? What do they want to do more of? What are some ways we can better support? What are some upcoming events that they're interested in and just kind of get general?

Adam Wozney: By checks from all the akash insiders. And then take that feedback, and plug it into this rough framework, and then share it with the insider community for more feedback. And if people are liking it, then we kind of relaunch it. I'm hoping to get that out the door within the next, a couple weeks here. There's definitely a lot of things. I want to think through and put together before, I feel like it can share with everyone just because I want everyone's feedback and thoughts before we can kind of launch this thing but really the goal of it is now that Amanda's been here, which is honestly incredible. I'm glad she's here now. It's getting me away from events which I've mentioned many of you probably in the past that it takes up a lot of my time managing an event for anyone who's participated in any of the Akash events. I think you understand just getting swag out the door, can be difficult, just getting an event, then you lock down, can be difficult, just getting speakers and insiders that support the event. It takes a lot of time and effort. So now with Amanda who's kind of helping manage.

Adam Wozney: That it's given me the time to rethink, how can we really scale up the Akash insider community? So that's this is kind of what I've been thinking about a lot of since I've been away. And I'm hoping again over the next couple weeks. I'll have something I can share with folks, and hopefully get out the door because I feel like

Adam Wozney: even though I've been gone a while, I still feel like the Akash community, at least, within the deepest defense space, and maybe I'll give feedback from other people. That's not this way. I think it's the strongest community within deepen, and Besides maybe Nvidia, I don't think Nvidia has a community today. I don't know. I'll find out when I talk to you guys. So, that's what, I want to spend the next couple weeks. Kind of sorting through is How can we really support and scale out the insiders community to make a cautious? exponentially grow. And I think the hackathon that I mentioned and reframing and relaunching, insiders to point out, I think that could actually be the way to move forward. But, I won't know until I get your guys's feedback, but until I can get the feedback, I need to finish putting together. My rough idea around this and I've started it. So hopefully over the next few weeks here for folks that are caution siders. I'll start reaching out and start setting up quick little calls, just to kind of get updates and feedback from you guys. And how are things going? And we'll go from there. So

Adam Wozney: That's my update for while I've been away. Any ideas. Anything else you'd like to cover on what we've discussed here today?

Adam Wozney: Looks like we're good with that.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I really don't have anything else to cover. next community call will be next month, so we're October the beers almost over, which is pretty crazy. But as always, if you guys do have questions, thoughts, concerns head over to the discord over to the SIG Community, Channel finale, feel free to send over that kind of very quick rough and dirty, kind of like overview of the half the mountain sponsorship to the SIG community chat, and Tyler. Feel free to tag me as Just so we're aware. And once he has anybody else on this call, I want to get feedback or thoughts. Feel free to put it in the discord. but beyond that, that's all I got. Thank you guys for joining. Robert. Go for it.


### 00:40:00

Robert Del Rey: Chair it's been a great call. Happy to see you again and looking forward to see how the insiders programs. Gets better, there is always room for improvement. So looking forward for that,

Robert Del Rey: this is my interception for the silly mission about the monthly community call. It came in a little later today. Sorry about that. But the secret word is gonna be the same as last month. Compute. C O M P. U p e, right? Yes compute. And if you submit that word in the City mission for the Community monthly call, you will get extra EXP points and extra 80 rewards. That is something that we definitely need to catch up our series doing and more. So yeah, stay safe everybody. Thanks Adam.

Adam Wozney: For sure, Robert, thank you for the update. definitely all the work you've been doing on Zillow. I've been away, it's definitely hasn't gone to notice so keep it up. Pretty cool stuff. Big fan of zeely. My friend is still trying to poach us over to Galaxy which is the ethereum. It's not just a theory, but the other Web 3 kind of zeli, but that's something that we could discuss later and there's no rush on that. But keep up the good work. Thank you, Robert. But I'm beyond Any other thoughts questions before? We jump out of today's SIG call

Adam Wozney: All right, cool. we'll see you guys next month in the meantime be good to yourselves and each other and we'll see in the Metaverse. Take it easy, everybody.

Tyler Wright: Clear, he's back.

Robert Del Rey: It's definitely, but if everybody

Adam Wozney: you guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:42:17 üëã
