# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Introduction and welcoming attendees
- Updates on the Insider Community and one-on-one calls
- Discussion on the upcoming community initiatives for 2025
- Overview of ongoing and proposed community programs
- Event participation and planning for the remainder of 2024
- Zealy Missions update
- Open discussion on community support, initiatives, and proposals

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, October 8, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7hbbbiaiqssx7redpnzevdfif3smtvixbsd6uahwjtqugqcndxia.arweave.net/-cIQoAiEpX_Eg3tySoyoLuTJ1RcMh-oA9kzhQ0BNHdA)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Tyler Wright
- Robert Del Rey
- Alex Ramirez
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Dominikus Brian
- Poroburu
- CUMA JAY
- Deathless
- Izzie
- Rodri R
- B S

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction
- **Adam Wozney**:
  - Welcomed everyone and noted his return from a brief time off.
  - Briefly introduced a few agenda items, including updates on current community activities and new initiatives for 2025.

### Insider Community and 1:1 Calls
- **Adam Wozney**:
  - Has been conducting one-on-one calls with Insider Community members to gather feedback on community initiatives and gauge what members appreciate or wish to see improved.
  - Encouraged anyone interested in the Insider program to apply through the Akash Network website.
  - Currently revamping the community page for clearer information and easier access for new and existing members to learn about engagement options.

### Community Program Updates
- **Adam Wozney**:
  - Outlined three major programs in development under the "Insiders" umbrella to enhance community engagement and involvement:
    - **Vanguards Program**: Established to provide community-led technical support. The initiative has been effective in offering timely responses to technical inquiries.
    - **Ringmasters Program**: Targets those interested in hosting local events to foster grassroots community growth in regions around the world.
    - **Alchemists Program**: Aims to formalize education initiatives, taking members from novice understanding to potentially becoming grant-supported project builders.
    - **Navigators Program**: A program to assist community members and teams in integrating Akash into their tech stacks.

### 2024 Events and Participation
- **Adam Wozney**:
  - Highlighted ongoing and upcoming event engagements:
    - **Permissionless Conference**: Akash’s small team presence at Salt Lake City.
    - **Cosmoverse in Dubai** and **Devcon**: Akash will have representation to engage with participants interested in blockchain and cloud integration.
  - **Tyler Wright**:
    - Suggested a review of event participation strategies and increased focus on prominent events like ethDenver and Accelerate to ensure consistent Akash presence in 2025.

### Zealy Missions Update
- **Robert Del Rey**:
  - Provided a Zealy campaign update, noting that Zealy is now in its third sprint of the second season, with the latest sprint ending on October 30.
  - Introduced the secret word for Zealy participants to gain extra points, encouraging community engagement.
  - Invited participants to attend other SIG calls during the week to accumulate more points and learn about different aspects of Akash.

### Open Discussion
- **Community Growth and Outreach Initiatives**:
  - **Poroburu** inquired about Akash’s resources for integrating into other blockchain ecosystems. Suggested exploring interchain collaborations to provide unique services to other blockchain networks.
  - **Tyler Wright**:
    - Encouraged the creation of a working group to explore potential interchain support and integrations. Offered to support any proposal development in GitHub discussions.
  - **Alex Ramirez**:
    - Introduced a cross-chain initiative aimed at allowing Akash users to swap funds from over 60 chains. Suggested potential marketing collaboration and support for developer tools in Akash’s ecosystem.
    - **Adam Wozney** and **Tyler Wright**:
      - Recommended submitting proposals and collaborating through the Discord or GitHub discussions to receive feedback and identify actionable next steps.
  
- **Monthly Recaps and Digest Suggestions**:
  - **Andrew Gnatyuk** suggested a monthly Twitter Spaces or digest to keep the community informed and engaged. Proposed organizing a working group for monthly recaps.
  - **Adam Wozney**:
    - Supported the idea and noted the potential for increasing Akash’s presence and engagement across various channels.
    - Suggested community-led initiatives for developing a recurring Twitter Spaces or monthly email digest.

- **Community Game Nights**:
  -  Andrew Gnatyuk proposed a monthly game night to foster social interaction within the community.
  -  Adam Wozney  Expressed interest in adding a “fun” element to community activities and encouraged Andrew to pilot the game night initiative and seek feedback from the community.

## Action Items
- **Adam Wozney**:
  - Continue one-on-one calls with Insider members.
  - Update the Akash community page to include clearer engagement options and a potential community map for visualization.
  - Collaborate with community members to structure and refine the Alchemists and Navigators programs for a 2025 launch.

- **Robert Del Rey**:
  - Continue managing Zealy Missions and organizing incentives for participant engagement.
  - Monitor Zealy sprint participation and reward distribution.

- **Tyler Wright and Community Members**:
  - Initiate working groups to discuss Twitter Spaces and potential recap strategies for monthly community updates.
  - Engage with cross-chain initiatives and consider practical approaches for collaborations with other blockchain ecosystems.

- **Andrew Gnatyuk**:
  - Pilot a community game night for insiders, potentially incorporating quizzes and fun activities with prize incentives.
  - Coordinate with Overclock Labs for any potential merchandise or rewards for game night participants.

# **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello.

Tyler Wright: Hello.

Adam Wozney: You gm gm.

Robert Del Rey: High value.

Adam Wozney: Okay, it's like we're recording already. Maybe another minute. See anybody else can join go in person?

Adam Wozney: How's everyone doing?

Robert Del Rey: Not bad for a Tuesday. I'm just having lunch right now.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yeah, I just grabbed a very quick breakfast. Bite between calls, cottage cheese and tomatoes, delicious.

Adam Wozney: All right. Let's see here.

Adam Wozney: They get my notes open gmgm.

Adam Wozney: All I think we can kick things off for anyone. That's their own problem. Cool. Thank you guys for joining today's SIG community. Call on the 8th of October. we got children November so Only less than three months left until it's a new year. That's insane. someone's trying to join with them. There we go. Cool. I only have a few agenda items as I think most of you guys know, I'm still kind of getting up to speed for my time off and there's been all sorts of things in the pot while I've been away bubbling and cooking and stewing. So, I'm still getting my feet in the ground on what's been going on walls away.

Adam Wozney: Still getting kind of up to speed on things but I have a few things that I wanted to cover and kind of chat about the way I'm thinking about, upcoming community activities, things people can get involved in. But as always before I kick things off, I wanted to see if there was any agenda items, you guys wanted to make sure that we cover in today's call.

Adam Wozney: go for Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Sure the secret word for the silly mission about this working group called, I'll share that 15 to 20 minutes in the call. That's it.

Adam Wozney: Perfect cool. I don't know.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks man.

Adam Wozney: I actually don't even know that is but I'll add it to the nda. I'll say the Zealy mission. like I said, it's still getting up to speed on things, so I apologize. we got somebody else joining here. Get them in. cool, any other agenda items things you guys want to make sure that I cover

Adam Wozney: No, all but What have I been up to? So one of the things that I wanted to do since getting back, about two weeks ago, was setting up one-on-one calls with folks that are part of our insider community, And for folks that are listening in or watching the recording insiders, is a exclusive community where people apply. And if it makes sense, we add them to private discord channel. We invite them to different activities, all optional, there's no requirements for being on a caution cider. But, because they're kind of, the tip of the community sphere. They're the folks that I kind of work with the most folks, at Overclock work with the most on different kind of initiatives.

Adam Wozney: So over the past couple weeks, I've been having one-on-one calls just kind of getting updates for how things are on their end. what? They've been working on things within the community that they like that. They don't like, just general kind of updates on kind of how things are coming. Overall, for folks, listening, in either watching this right now live or in the recording, you can always apply to beat Insider Head over to the Akash Network Web page under community and you can check out more about the insiders program. That is something that I'm looking to update as well. the community page website. Something I spoke with Tyler about a little bit yesterday, I'm kind of rewriting what the community page looks like just. So when folks find a caution, they want to kind of maybe see what's going on or get more involved in the community, they can go there. It'll kind of list out all the different optional things that people can get involved in and hopefully apply to be coming to caution cider.

Adam Wozney: So over the past few weeks, that's what I've been working on. Mostly is just kind of setting up these one-on-one calls and getting up to speed on everything that's been happening. While I was on paternity, leave for those two and a half three months.

Adam Wozney: On top of that, one of the things that I've been thinking of mostly is what our community framework can look like going forward. Kind of leaving special interest groups like the Community group here like clients or the steering committees kind of separate within the kind of akash community. What are the things that we can do to kind of better support individuals. So one of the things that I've been talking with folks, in those 101 calls are like, What is the kind of 2025 outlook on community? Look like, What are the things that people are right now kind of organically doing already? And How can we kind of plug them into a framework to better support them and give them optional opportunities to contribute more to the community and the network overall.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: And there's really I would say three kind of new programs that were kind of launching or looking to launch over the next few weeks months. Here, all falling under the insider umbrella. So, as a reminder, a conscienceiders they go through an interview process and onboarding process and then they gain access to kind of first-hand or early access to different bonus or HACKATHON initiatives. They join a private discord channel. Just for insiders to kind of get updates from Overclock, and from Akash, and from other community members after share things they're working on for feedback, all sorts of different stuff happens in there. So, there's kind of exclusive things that caution Siders gain access to

Adam Wozney: As people progress inside of the program, some people are a lot more active than others, which is totally fine. There's no requirements for being an insider, but as people progress and get more engaged, there's opportunities to kind of get rewarded for those activities that they're already kind of organically doing. And the best example in that which I think most of you guys that might be familiar with is the vanguards And vanguards are basically community support engagement inside of our discord or telegram channels. As you guys know, the Overclock, the labs team, We're pretty small team and while we shirtle a lot of initiatives within the cash network, we're just another kind of contributing community member ultimately

Adam Wozney: and there's a lot of people, going back a year ago where they're having a lot of technical support questions. And, I'm based in San Diego, Scott Carruthers, who met many of you might know, he was brought on to actually help support and we're getting 24/7 questions. Sometimes I was taking a while to get responses, so we launched the vanguards program as a way, for community members, that are interested in kind of engagement and connecting with other individuals, building out of kosh to respond to community questions, 24 hours a day. So we launched that program about a year ago. And it's gone really well. I think if you go into our discord and if somebody has a technical question, they'll probably get a response within an hour or two and before it could have been 24 or 48 hours or over the weekend.

Adam Wozney: So that's been a really successful program and that kind of fits underneath the insiders because we offer that opportunity to folks that are a part of the insider program and if they're interested, they'll say Let me do it and then they are onboarded into the vanguards program. There are requirements to be a vanguard you have to be able to respond to questions. You have to have the technical skills and you have to be available, but you get rewarded for some of those activities all from the community pool which all of us go through governance. so that's kind of an example of the programs I've been thinking about kind of Establishing inside of the insiders kind of overall community.

Adam Wozney: The last one that I launched before, I went away on paternity leave is called Ringmasters. And I kind of launched at a bad time because ultimately, I was like, Hey we want to support individuals who are hosting, local meetup events and their communities. It's a great way to get kind of a foothold in different regions around the world. It's great for people who are already hosting events or interested in hosting local events and building local community around, Akash ai, crypto cloud, all those different things, but I wanted to kind of a bad time because I launched it and then I was like, Okay, I got to go away for three months. So I've been kind of looking at it and walls away. There's a couple folks that are actively, hosting events. So that is something that I'm looking to kind of put more focus on now, that I'm back.

Adam Wozney: Because I would love it if we meant, picture a map of the world and we had little pins from different parts of the world where people are, hosting once a month Meetup events. All around Cloud Crypto ai introducing folks to Akash So I'm looking to kind of scale that up and that's also optional, but there are requirements, you don't get rewarded unless you're actively doing the things that need to be done. right now, we're paying that out of bounties, but I think going into 2025 will have a proper kind of overarching community governance. Proposal that'll list out community programs line items. So, that way everyone in the community can kind of put in their feedback before we put it up on chain for a vote. But right now we have enough from a boney's to support the Red Masters, but going into next year. I think it'll be a little bit more formula. So that's kind of another program that sits under the insiders. Kind of community. the two ones that are free and kind of


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: sort of launched are what I'm calling alchemists and navigators. So because they give you guys an idea of what those are. So alchemists are really focused on education, and the way I've been thinking about it and I still need to put in a strong framework for support, but the way I'm thinking about, is a lot of people that are interested in Akash, but going in and getting questions and answered on discord, that's just to one off. They want to go through an educational curriculum. So they can kind of learn different aspects of cloud akash offerings.

Adam Wozney: we launched education, a couple months ago, early in the spring and we had three courses all community developed put on there and it was actually pretty successful. We had 400 or so people sign up. They go through those courses and they get little nfts and it's free and it teaches people about Akash. I'm looking to scale that up a bit and I want to put it into a proper program. I don't know exactly what it looks like yet but high level. Would be people want to learn about They go through the education courses from there, we'll have some sort of bounties or hackathons that people can participate in to kind of get more involved. And then from there if there's a project, that's really interesting. There could even be grants awarded to individuals that are building things that help other people build on a cache.

Adam Wozney: That's kind of the high level of what it looks like right now. I don't have anything to share in terms of how this work. Exactly. But that's what I'm thinking about going into 2025. Hopefully, having a really strong kind of, alchemist program teaching, people taking them from, not knowing anything till they have potentially, a grant building something that's beneficial to other folks that are looking to kind of build on top of Akash. And then the final one, which is kind of launched right now, but we're still kind of putting it together. Exactly. It's called navigators.

Adam Wozney: And basically, navigators are individuals who work with community members and help them integrate akash into their tech stack. The best example, I can give you is, as you guys are probably aware. There's a lot of events for attending, especially over the last few months while I was away and leading into next year and at these events, there's organization, small startups, maybe have five or ten people on their team or even a small two or three person team and they're like, I can't really be beneficial to the project. I'm trying to build the company. I'm trying to build, but I just don't know how to do xyz thing. How to deploy onto Akash or how just to gain access to the network. And normally we would just say Go to the, discord there's vanguards there. They can help respond to community questions but they need a little bit more hand holding kind of helping them integrate.

Adam Wozney: So, the idea behind navigators they're technical individuals who understand Akash inside and out, they're willing to donate some of their time to helping people on board. So won't be just like one question, they get an answer and they're gone. It would be almost a process where we, add them to a private discord channel with the team and they work with them all through kind of ideation all the way to integrations, so that could be a longer tail process. That's also optional for folks inside of the insider community to join. But it's up to them to know that it really depends on how much skill to have inside of the network, how talented they are in terms of integrating kind of systems into the network or integrating a cost into people's programs or projects, they're working on. And that we're signing kind of soft launching right now. But each of these programs that I mentioned, they're all rewarded. So it's all things that people are

Adam Wozney: Already responding to questions on discord creating content, helping projects integrate their systems or adding a cost to their tech stack or hosting local events. These are things that are kind of organically people are doing, but now we're just trying to formalize it and find ways to support individuals through rewards incentives activities. Helping people grow within those kind of optional opportunities within the greater kind of community, landscape of Akash, So those are the things that I've been personally thinking about since I was away and I'm trying to kind of put the groundwork and the foundational elements into those individual efforts. But that's how I've been thinking about community programs right now. So that's a pretty big high level of what's happening within the community from my perspective and how I've been thinking about contributing to Akash,

Adam Wozney: But any questions or thoughts on those kind of high level initiatives before we get into maybe only one or two more agenda items? Honestly?


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: Makes So stay tuned. The idea is, I want to, I'm still kind of putting together, a lot of the details on each of these programs, still working with, Tyler and some other folks on kind of how this looks like going from onboarding to. you're fully involved in turn activities. I think a lot of that will go on the website because right now, if you go to the community page, it's pretty sparse. There's some things but I wanted to be a little bit more detail, so people that are interested in getting involved in the Akash community. Can go there and has everything listed out, they know exactly what's going on and how they can kind of get more involved. so stay tuned for more of that stuff on the website. Hopefully we can launch that over the next few weeks here. But that's the big community stuff that I've been thinking about.

Adam Wozney: next up is event. So as you guys know, we've been participating in a lot of events while I was away. And kind of even before the end of the year, the big events that are upcoming that I'm aware of. And I'm sure missing some right now. We have a small group of folks, some community members, some people from Overclock at Permissionless, which is happening in Salt Lake City. I've attended the previous two but this one I'm missing because I saw a baby daddy duties. I've enjoyed the first one. I thought was great. The second one could be a little better. So I'm really interested to see how the third one is this year. The bank list crew and block works. Put it on so We'll see how that one turns out. The next big event is Cosmo verse which is happening in Dubai. Sadly, I'll be missing that one as well. I've attended the previous two and they were fantastic. Very focused on the cosmos ecosystem. I'm curious to see how this year's will be in Dubai. And then I was gonna say a very small presence meaning, probably me, maybe one or two other

Adam Wozney: Are a caution ciders for Devcon. We're not gonna have a big presence at Devcon this year. I'm attending mostly because I thought we're gonna be attending a couple months ago so spoke and I think it makes sense for me to go. And my wife is going with our baby, so I've no need to help with that. so devcon we will have a small team there. So if you have any thoughts on that, throw it hit me up. I think there's some other events, but honestly, I can't remember. If you go to the Akash website, you can see the events that we are attending. They are listed out there. So, any questions on events?

Adam Wozney: No while I have you guys here, the other thing I guess with Tyler here, we do have other sigs and working group calls. This one is very specific to community and ultimately the SIG Community Call is about discussion support managing Akash community initiatives. So those can be things that go through governance proposals, those can be things that you guys think would be beneficial to growing the akashi ecosystem. So if there's anything that you guys have in terms of support or things that you're working on, that think it'd be beneficial to growing the community. Now is your chance to kind of throw in your two cents. So any thoughts on community initiatives? Before we move on to Robert, go ahead time.

Tyler Wright: The only thing that I would say is as we move towards 2025. I know, previously previous years, we've done specific working groups events for that year for the upcoming year. I think that's something that we should start to at least think about as we move into the New Year because I know we have a Accelerate we have eat Denver coming up early in the years. A number of events that we have kind of thought about and talked about. I know We want to continue to grow our presence set events, so maybe it would be in our best interest to start to think about that before that working group. So sooner than later and start to Concretely know what we'll be doing in 2025.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, and it's for folks that aren't familiar. So basically how things have worked over the past year or two that we've had kind of special interest groups and working special. Interest groups are really related to kind of forever subject matter. we're always gonna have clients. We're always gonna have ecosystem, validators stuff like that. So, we have these monthly calls where we discuss publicly, what's happening within the network from those calls, there's things that can branch out. So, for example, events, so we knew that we wanted to have a kosh at events where we know, we can have an impact and kind of grow the community and introduce a costume people that maybe, don't know about So, we've launched a yearly working group around events where a small group of folks that wanted to get involved. We look through upcoming events happening over the next year or so. And we say, Okay here's the events that we think are valuable which one of these ones do we want to attend? And from there we kind of started.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: and then we got approval and then we put it in for a governance vote. And then we had budget for the year to actually attend these events and have a cash representation at these events. We did that as well for hackathons. We've done hackathon working groups where we said, Okay, we know it's important to get more developers onto the network, introduce a caution meaningful ways. So, let's put together a HACKATHON working group and a small group of people got together and we kind of organized what a HACKATHON would look like for So zeal is another example of that. There's a zili working group which Robert can talk about a little bit. That's really a completely community owned initiatives, our initiative. And small group of people got together. They put in a governance proposal, they got funding and now we have zeli missions going where we're introducing people to Akash.

Adam Wozney: So, going into next year, we're starting to think about, what event working groups? Should we have, what, HACKATHON working groups and what other working groups outside of just the community SIG that we're talking about here? We want to put together. So if there are thoughts on that, you can always head over to discord put in your two cents, I think it'd be great to do a HACKATHON working group or a working group around X subject matter and then see if there's enough interest and then we can actually launch those working groups and people can meet on a regular basis to kind of push those initiatives forward. So, if you have thoughts on that, Feel free to raise your hand. Go ahead dummy.

Dominikus Brian: Yeah, have fun comments on the website. You mentioned about you're going to update a little bit on website.

Adam Wozney: Yes.

Dominikus Brian: So, a lot of people been asking about the community size of akas, you mentioned we have insiders, we have this and that community developers and so on, but we don't currently have a good numbers. I mean, we can count on discord but it's not physical to the public. So to say, we want to have some numbers.

Adam Wozney: Mmm.

Dominikus Brian: No, need to be updated every time. Maybe just every other month or so every other quarter is fine. But we want to see some numbers. how many is actually community developers. How many is insiders, how many are and distribution is not a good thing if we can have it on our provider page, we can see where is the surfers, where's the GPU? And so on, right distributed all over the maps, but with community member, We doesn't have that. I mean, we can see we can have some estimate like 500 death community, deaf, some numbers on the discord but no idea where they are distributed. So it's good thing to have this so we can see…

Adam Wozney: Right.

Dominikus Brian: how it grows and so on.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yeah, and my old company, we had a and I think it still exists. Let me see if I can find it. I can even show you guys but I'm my old company. I don't know, it's still here. We had a map of where everyone in the community was located, at least for local meetups. I can show you. So I'll share my screen real quick. So something like this is I think what you're talking about.

Adam Wozney: It was basically a map of where everyone in the community was located for these local meetup groups. So these are all Meetup group chapters around the world and each of these meetup groups have members. So it showed, how many members this would be optimal? We don't have enough meetup groups to do something that this would be like one dot right now but that's one kind of data point that people could go like Wow they're everywhere. I want join I want to do that. That is an ultimate goal for me to have that on the community page. That's probably not going to happen for a while. We do have people that are not part of local in person, Meetups as well.

Adam Wozney: that we could also mention instead of our discord. I think there's, tens of thousands of members, but we also have these things. So even just having Joyner, Twitter community, how many members join our discard community, how many members join our reddit community? How many members that could be interesting? Because I think it just brings validity to the project overall. So I'm completely with you. I don't know what that looks like entirely, but it's something I would like to see as well because I think that would draw interest into the community overall.

Adam Wozney: Any other thoughts on the things that we've been talking about here before? Moving on to Robert with them, the Zeely mission?

Adam Wozney: No, all right, cool. Go for a Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Sorry I don't know if it's the Internet on my phone, it's gonna slower than usual, but I just wanted to add a quickly reminder that we also have the Akash YouTube Working Group, So, if you would like to get involved in revamping the cash, YouTube channel, feel free to pass by on this court.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: Very cool. Yeah, I would love the YouTube Channel playing. He's a little work. I agree with that. So if you're interested in getting involved in the Akash YouTube page, join the working group could call it ert. Any of the thoughts before we move on to the Zeely mission?

Adam Wozney: Go for poroburu. I'm not sure to say your name. Poro.

Poroburu: But you got it poroburu. So, I'm just wondering if there's any initiatives to provide akash resources, specifically to other blockchain ecosystems, for example, right now, I'm getting into Internet Computer and I'm trying to see if I can provision resources. Use Internet computer as a interface to access Akash microservices. and then another thing that's coming up is interchange. Accounts seems to be on the roadmap immediately. So it could be

Poroburu: And a good initiative to provide examples for other L1's that are connected through IBC what they could do with a cash for example I can provide their own decentralized social networking and Yeah.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Yeah, So off the top of my head, And maybe other folks could have other ways. There are other thoughts that around this. But I'm of the top of my head. This seems like something potentially in another special interest group call, this could be useful.

Adam Wozney: I don't have an answer for you to be completely honest. a lot of the initiatives that kind of spawn up are really just kind of community owned and they throw it up onto our discord and then people kind of start contributing or getting involved from there. it even could be something that stems into a new working group, I don't know what that looks like entirely, but I do think that there are ways that people could kind of get involved and contribute in what you're talking about but that's not the top of my head, I'll see if Robert you had your hand up for a second.

Robert Del Rey: It's fine. Tyler can go

Adam Wozney: okay. Go for a tie.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would second what Adam was saying about creating a working group or at least a discussion around what you're trying to do. I would also say anything ICA related and how other chains can leverage I would love to talk to you more about some of the ideas and we can think about what a working group looks like from there because I know that there's people that are thinking about Omni bus and so people can deploy other chains on a cost. I know with the Cosmos SDK 47 upgrade, it's going to do a lot in unlocking, some of the functionality around IBC and ICA that historically wasn't available on the So I would love to talk to you about ideas around that how we can create content to share with people etc. So if you have availability to reach out to me, Tyler Core team, then we can think about what a working group or open discussion to look like but

Tyler Wright: Have some ideas around, how I think your skill sets and passions can be leveraged.

Adam Wozney: Very cool.

Poroburu: Yeah I wrote something in the chat but I will. put in this community discord channel and reach out to you Tyler's to further? Get discuss.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, for that response. Any other thoughts questions concerns before we move on to Robert and Zeely?

Adam Wozney: All right, Robert take it away.

Robert Del Rey: Here thanks Adam and hi everybody. So as the Sealy campaign it's going on right now. We are in the third sprint of this second season that sounds really good The third screen ends on October 30th so, You can go in the city dashboard and I start doing missions to give a little context on Sealy on a cache. Celia specifically, we're doing missions to attract new community members and existing community members and make them engage with a cash. Most of the missions are about deploying on a cash. There are some content creation missions and there are missions about joining these type of calls, like the community monthly call. So,


### 00:30:00

Robert Del Rey: In each one of these calls, I actually give away a secret word and with that secret word, you can go to Sealy submit, the secret word and earn some extra points for the sprint. So, for this particular call the community monthly called the secret word is a O M. P. U p e compute. I also sent it in the shot, just for the record.

Robert Del Rey: And yeah with this secret word you can hear it now or in the recording, submit it on silly and you can earn some extra XP points. There are three more calls happening these same week, so if you want to join those calls and also earn those XP points, feel free to do. So tomorrow, we have the SIG design and the SIG, Economics, Monthly call. And then on Thursday, we have the Cash website working group call.

Robert Del Rey: In all of those, you have a chance to earn extra XP. If you already did it, you won't be able to claim it again, but if you haven't done it passed by their cash, silly dashboard and claim that. Yeah, we want to reward you to get involved with a cash. But what we really want is to have you as an active member of the community and maybe you joining to one of those particular working group calls, I don't know. You can find your group and go from there. so yeah, it was a bit long of my intervention, but that is all I wanted to say about silly. The spring tree is going on. We're paying the rewards for the print. Number two. The moment. And yeah, that. Thank everybody for participating honestly.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Robert for that. Robert's been doing a bunch of work him enough. Fee folks have been doing a bunch of work on Zeely and zeal has been super awesome. I think it's brought a lot of folks to the community. big shout out to Robert for all the support on the working group and the Zealy missions. Tyler, see your hands up.

Adam Wozney: Remember I think it was up from before. So, we'll retract Tyler's Activity.

Tyler Wright: 

Adam Wozney: No worries. cool. So other than that, those are the big things just to kind of recap, I guess for my perspective. I've been kind of doing catch-ups with everyone. Just kind of getting feedback on what the future of community can look like for I'm working on some new programs. I'm looking to launch over the next few weeks months. Here, we have a lot of events that were participating in. So if you're interested in that just head over to the website, working on updating the community page, I do like the idea that Dummy had on adding some community numbers in there to so people can see, what's going on and how large our communities because it is growing and Robert been busy. Working on all the Zealy Missions Season 2, episode 3, Very Cool Sprint 3. So yeah, it's been going out for a while and also big shout out to Robert and the folks that have been helping out with Zealy and then poroburu as Tyler mentioned, definitely head over to the discord. Join kick off a conversation there.

Adam Wozney: It could be something that if we launched a working group, there could be other folks interested in kind of participating in building. Something like that As a reminder, everything inside of the Akash network is community driven. Overclock Labs is just another contributing voice to the community. We help share put things along, but ultimately everything is decided by the community, which is kind of unique in the space. So, if you guys do have any thoughts, question concerns. You can always head over to the discord in the community SIG channel or any of those channels to kind of throw your two cents in. But, cool. It's a great one. More question from Alex, go for it.

Alex Ramirez: Hey guys, really nice being in the call. I was invited by Robert's and first of all, I want to give the and brief about our product, which is somehow aligned with maybe per group have talked about. we have been activating our cross chain from deposit to a kush from somehow it's early days. Someone who may be familiar with ranko? Rango is crossing, Texas and breaches the applicator. So right now, we are submitted pool request in acres.


### 00:35:00

Alex Ramirez: I'm buying on Hkt based and very users, can easily land on Rango, to cross genes up their fonts to Akt. So we were looking to expand our cooperations with Acush community. So I have a couple of suggestions, so I wanted to briefly estate them. So here, your thoughts about them, first of all, for users, better Unix, and

Alex Ramirez: We can submit a pool requests. They're Users tab directly on Acres landing. So up to Akt from anywhere through a rank of regions opened in a pop-up window. So that's the basic idea, very users can easily move their funds from over 60, EDM and non-evm chains to a coach, even from Bitcoin and Also regarding the cross chain expansion of Akt. We can submit another request in. I assume You Guys Have 85 and DID Tools section.

Alex Ramirez: There are any developer that wants to build on top of Acush can use our tools in it to provide its users, the ability to easily move funds from anywhere to acush that the second opinion and the third one would be that. We are open to any

Adam Wozney: We lost you.

Alex Ramirez: This.

Adam Wozney: Did we lose them?

Tyler Wright: I can't hear him anymore.

Alex Ramirez: Sorry guys I was interrupted the last but not least would be that. We are open to our marketing activity boosting your community as so we can have some brain and storming on that. I'm not sure that if here is the correct place where we can discuss about coal marketing campaigns but since we haven't executed Akash from in somehow hot days of cosmos and we are very fond of cosmos, ecosystem and exclusively acush. So we are also and to some cool marketing activities and maneuvering

Alex Ramirez: On these cross chain opportunity and even maneuvering on your initiated their users can easily move their fonts to Akash and meaning on those initiatives and opportunities available on acush.

Adam Wozney: Thank you Alex. So I'm not sure place because there's a lot to unpack there. I'm actually not sure the best place to go in terms of next steps to kind of get involved or ask for some community support. I would suggest heading to either Github discussions if you have a proposal or an idea around how Akash could support a larger initiative that you're trying to build out. We're looking to update our best practices. Doc that's something we need to do tie. Probably this week we can update it which, basically, that's how you request funds for proposals, that could be beneficial to the cash network where the community is feedback and thoughts. And then you can see if it's if it makes sense to actually put up a governance proposal to request funds from the community pool or initiatives that are beneficial to Akash.

Adam Wozney: I think that might be a good place to go or if you just head over to our discord review, the different channels that are available there. Look to a channel that you think makes the most sense and kind of pitch out. Your idea just throw it out there and see if there's anybody that wants to contributor get involved, but I think your best place to Probably be the github discussions but maybe Tyler is something to say.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: yeah, I think if you have a proposal I understood much of what you were trying to say. I didn't really understand the ask besides, on the marketing support. So it'd be good if you could put any ask in a document, I think, because this is exchange related, the best place for this would be second sig. Economics. I'm discord channel. I know they meet tomorrow. So if you can put a proposal on chain, if you have something that you can talk about the specific, ask that you're looking for what the opportunity, what value you add, it brings to the akash network. That'll go a long way you can drop in sick, economics. And then maybe if you have a demo of how a cautious integrated currently, because I think you mentioned that you already integrated, that would be terrific as well.

Tyler Wright: So I would say either get up discussions or just maybe a doc that is available for people to view and comment on that. You could drop in SIG economics.

Alex Ramirez: Just don't think to add no request for font. I must have somehow. Wrongly As stated my statement and fully true for the first two points. I think it is the related. Since we are ready to submit the PRS regarding more engagement, it's Acush community, really guarding what we are providing. And as for experience, for users on a Christianity regarding the swapping font. And the second one would be suggesting our tool for developers or building on top of acush.

Alex Ramirez: I did a third one regarding the core marketing activities. Again, no requests for fonts just was thinking about core announcement on social media, regarding our solution, which helps users and developers to easily move on to acush. Simply that's it.

Adam Wozney: Tyler's here, hand still up.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, I don't know It doesn't go down. That makes sense to me, Alex. If you could put that in a quick document even if there's no you ask a request, just like what you're looking for from the community, in terms of next steps, they're looking for approval. They just looking for comarking sounds like you're looking for prs support and merging. So I would love to know where awesome Akash or someplace else, but yeah, just let me know if you have any questions. By the sounds are example. And I'll put my hand down and shut.

Alex Ramirez: All right, and no. So Tyler can I have your contact anywhere? It's easiest for you email, this code or telegram. So I can share the document link with you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would just say drop it in sick community or SIG economics. And then my discord is at Tyler Core team.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Any other final questions or thoughts before we wrap up? Today's this month's SIG community call.

Adam Wozney: go ahead. Andrew

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Hi guys. Sorry I came a bit late today. I just had this idea. I wanted to ask Are we planning to of for our Twitter, a monthly, recap of what's been done on the cash, but to the whole audience, not on the Google meet Button Twitter,

Adam Wozney: So it's funny. So right now, the short answer is No, we haven't really thought about doing it. Twitter spaces in a while. However, in a lot of the one ones that have been having with insiders, a monthly digest is something they've been talking about whether that's an email blast where it's like, here's all the stuff that's been happening at Akash over the past month. that's usually how they've been kind of thinking about it, but a Twitter spaces could be useful for that. Just for folks and record that and put it up onto YouTube, Whatever. I think that's one thing that we could be doing a little bit better job of. I feel like we haven't really been doing much in terms of regularly, scheduled content, other than we've been doing some tweets, and we're at events, but emails, we're kind of missing out on live streams or video calls we're missing out on other, than, what we do for the SIG calls, which are monthly, but that's, individual to specific things within Akash.


### 00:45:00

Adam Wozney: But it digest or a monthly akash recap. Something like that is something that I think we haven't been doing a great job of I think and it's maybe something I throw the ball back in your court. Andrew, maybe you're interested in participating, maybe even starting up a Twitter space is working group. I think I don't see anyone getting upset with putting the foundational elements and saying Hey let's do it, Twitter spaces once a month. Here's the framework for how these Twitter says they'll be hosted and ran by someone in the community. You've heard me when I used to do Twitter spaces back in the day, you're kind of the moderator, you're the host, you're kind of talking through. Here's all the updates. Any questions people join those. So it's something maybe to consider if you're interested in doing that. But right now, there isn't anything. I'm aware of a regularly hosted, Twitter Spaces, events, Go ahead, Ty.

Tyler Wright: I would just add that a member of the netted out. Team B s was working on. basically a monthly digest for sigs in working groups which would be a little bit more technical. I think that this idea is a great idea. Maybe just a general working group around monthly updates where we talk about Twitter spaces. We talk about maybe a blog or an email. That goes out to people. Maybe like a blog, a specific to six and working groups. That's three specific pieces of content that are for different audiences. Some might be for the token holders, just want to know a high level, what's going on in the car. Some people might be for the developers that may be missed working group session and they want to get up to speed without having to look at all the notes. And some that just be for just general community members that maybe on is actually in discord. But again, get an email on a monthly basis. Here's all that's going on across the ecosystem and look to get involved. So I would second the idea,

Tyler Wright: Pushing forward, some sort of. Working Group session to talk about this. who wants to get involved because it's Adam mentioned. I don't know if this is something that the overcooked labs team. Can handle right now or more has a capacity for. So I would urge people from the community to try to get involved in this and then maybe Overclock Labs can backpack off of that. So I think this is a great initiative and I hope that it sees a light sooner rather than later.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, go ahead. Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, but full of operation, for example, if we will do the working group, And we will schedule some pilot. Let's say, Twitter spaces. Can we count on that? We can Invite somebody from Overclock Labs to be a guest. For example, I'm the same like drag or chant, but, for example, Tyler or Heavy, or even Adam, just to talk about what's going on? Why we haven't seen Still baby Everest? What's like popping up? If in this space, something like that.

Tyler Wright: Yes, I will volunteer Adam right now so whenever you need Adam Wozney will be right there for you to do it.

Adam Wozney: thanks. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: And I will say I will also do it but no I would happy to. I know other members of the community and at the core team I could think of a number of people that would be great guests. whether it be like Scotts of the world or I get people in the community that are very, very much engaged and our major participants at various sigs and working groups. So you would have support for sure. If not just Adam alone.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Got it, thanks.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I think it's really just kind of putting together a framework for what you think. This looks like getting people's feedback once there's buy-in. Then it's just scheduling guests. Be like, if hypothetically, let's say you're running it. You're like, I'm gonna be the host reaching out to someone and saying, Hey, do you want to be the guest for this one and then to scheduling it? And then From there, just plugging it in to Twitter spaces, which Zach you guys mostly know. He'd be the one to kind of schedule it and then it'd be joining it and doing it. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think generally just add Adam …

Adam Wozney: I mean

Tyler Wright: what the effort is, again The community pool is to support people that are doing these kinds of initiatives. So if it's four hours of work to produce a one hour, Twitter spaces, just like those are all the things that we want to figure out by all the participants, and then we can figure out what a potential budget could look like at the group for these kind of efforts because, the return on investment could be, more people in the community that stay engaged, and stay involved. So please think about all those things that you're Thinking about what a framework could look like.


### 00:50:00

Adam Wozney: Will cool and we're coming up on time. Any final thoughts, questions concerns anything. You guys want to discuss before we wrap up this month's call?

Adam Wozney: All Cool. So, as a reminder, these calls happened, monthly, you can head over to the akash website and kind of see the events calendar for all of our sake calls. Not just the community one we do, have I think there's a few more happening maybe this week. I don't know, I haven't looked, I'm still, as I mentioned getting up to speed on things, but if you have any thoughts, concerns questions, you can always head over to our discord as well. Somebody can definitely point you in the right direction in any of the general channels, I could plus place to start. And as I mentioned, if anyone listening this call or watching the recordings interested in the insiders program, head over the cash website, under the community page, you can apply there. Give me some time. I'm going through hundreds of signups while I was away, reviewing folks and trying to set up calls so I'm definitely behind, but hopefully over the next few weeks months here, things will be trucking right along because I think we'll hit 2025 at a good spot so We're Only two more community calls before the end of the year. So that's kind of crazy. So,

Adam Wozney: To join the next one. But Andrew go for it before we wrap up the call.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah sorry. Sorry guys that's just because I came late and they have such good. Some stuff it deduct you.

Adam Wozney: All good.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, basically. So when we had, one one-on-one with Adam, I made this suggestion that I'm still thinking of this end of months game nights where we were community insiders together and play some games, like your guesser, or some quizzes, and break the ice and talk to each other. And if this would go and probably, if overclock labs has still left some merch to give away. we can make some prizes for that. So if you guys are down for it, I can try to make the pilot night game by the end of this month, I guess.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So if you're good, I could try to host some and see how this goes, but just give me a thumbs up in the insiders channel just hit me with a dms and we'll see what we can do that.

Adam Wozney: on that note Andrew and Robert it is something I've been thinking about and this would be open not just to it The insider community with the whole community is some sort of game night. Just something we do in a monthly basis where we get people involved and I don't know if we do quizzes, I don't know if we just do fun. Whatever chess games, I don't know what it looks like entirely but it is something I'm looking to add because I feel like that's something we're missing in the community. Overall is

Adam Wozney: This element of fun and folks that are able to participate in in-person events, they're definitely fun because you're meeting with people, you're going out to after events and your networking, so that's always fun. But for folks that can't go to different events because they can't get away from work or whatever. I want to have some sort of, fun element to the community. It's something that I think we've been missing for a while, so I don't know what that looks like entirely. But I like your idea Andrew and I like, what you're saying, Robert in the chat around chess nights or something. So, if you have thoughts or thought, or you want to get involved in something like that again, head to the discord, Throw your thoughts in there. Feel free to tag me again. I'm still getting up to speed, so I apologize if I'm behind on messages and all that, but I'm hopefully over the next, week or so. Here I'll be back until okay, I've got to hang of things. But in the meantime, I think discord is the best place to go to throw out your ideas around this kind of stuff.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, I'm still down to renew the gather town. it's still Yeah, yeah.

Adam Wozney: town is cool. Yeah. Gertown gather town is basically for folks who don't know, it's like Google Hangout but you're a little emoji and the closer you move to another Emoji. You can actually see them showing up on your screen, you can start to hear them but you can jump into up conversations just a little Zelda character running around which is kind of cool, something to think about as well. But cool. any other thoughts questions before we wrap up to call today?

Adam Wozney: All thank you guys. As always for joining us without you guys, there is no cost. So big shot it to everyone to just if you came here for zeely, feel free to keep coming back because these calls are awesome. And now that I'm back, they're gonna be even better. So, thank you guys for joining. And as always, we'll see in the matter verse. Wait, everybody.


### 00:55:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: You guys. Bye.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Adam my way.


### Meeting ended after 00:55:24 👋
