# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #21

## Agenda
- Introduction and housekeeping.
- Presentation of the 2025 Community Support Governance Proposal (v1).
- Updates on community programs and upcoming initiatives.
- Open floor for feedback and suggestions.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, November 19, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney  
- Tyler Wright  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Piyush  
- Other community members 

## Meeting Notes
 
### Opening Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** welcomed participants and apologized for scheduling issues due to Discord calendar limitations.
- Highlighted the main focus of the meeting: presenting the draft of the 2025 Community Support Governance Proposal.
- Confirmed recording of the session for future reference.

### Presentation of the 2025 Community Support Governance Proposal (v1)
- **Adam Wozney** shared an outline for the proposal, emphasizing it is a work in progress and open to feedback.
- Core focus areas of the proposal:
  - **Community Programs:** Expansion and refinement of Vanguards, Navigators, Ring Masters, and Alchemists.
  - **Community Activities:** Hackathons, local events, and bounties for specific tasks.
  - Funding and resource allocation for each program and activity to ensure sustainable community growth.

#### Key Updates in Community Programs
- **Vanguards Program:** Continued focus on providing timely responses to technical questions in Discord and Telegram.
- **Navigators Program:** Supporting technical onboarding and integrations for projects using the Akash network.
- **Ring Masters Program:** Framework for hosting local events, including rewards and logistical support.
  - Suggested addition of an "overage budget" for larger events.
- **Alchemists Program:** Creation of educational content for AkashEdu, with a proposed list of 12 new courses for 2025.

#### Community Activities
- **Hackathons:** Budget allocation for both Akash-owned and sponsored hackathons. 
- **Local Events:** Strategy to connect with local organizers at major conferences, building long-term relationships for regional representation.
- **Community Bounties:** Funding for GitHub-listed tasks and community-driven initiatives.

#### Governance Proposal and Feedback Process
- Plan to publish the proposal on GitHub for community feedback.
- Timeline:
  - Finalizing budget and discussion draft by end of November.
  - Opening GitHub discussion by December 1, with a two-week feedback period.
  - Submitting governance proposal by December 26 for a January 1, 2025, start date.

### Community Feedback and Questions
- **Andrew Gnatyuk:**
  - Asked about budget limits for hosting larger events under the Ring Masters Program.
  - Suggested adding an overage budget for events exceeding the $200 limit.
  - Recommended including clear KPIs for event success.
- **Piyush:**
  - Highlighted the importance of sponsoring student-led hackathons for better engagement.
  - Suggested providing clear guidelines for hackathon sponsorship reviews and approvals.

### Closing Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** thanked participants for their input and encouraged further feedback via Discord and GitHub discussions.
- Noted the next SIG Community Call will include updates on the proposal based on community feedback.
- Emphasized the importance of community involvement in shaping the initiatives for 2025.

## Action Items
- **Adam Wozney:** Finalize and publish the GitHub discussion for the governance proposal.
- **Community Members:** Review and provide feedback on the GitHub discussion once live.
- **Tyler Wright:** Share details of the upcoming Events Working Group meeting and promote it to insiders.
- **Robert Del Rey:** Continue engaging insiders to identify potential contributors for community programs.

## Transcript
00:11
Adam Wozney: GM, everyone we're getting to admit people. Why? It's kind of an interesting setup, but, oh, gotta admit some more people. Usually just let people in. I'm not sure why I have to admit but we're slowly admitting people

00:29
all right, I'm gonna make an announcement. We can kick things off. How's everyone doing? More people all good, excellent.

00:55
So you guys might have noticed today's date was wrong in the discord. That's because last week we had to move the call to this week because of time zones. So it might have thrown people off. I was trying to update it in the discord calendar, but for whatever reason, it would let me because discord calendar is kind of crappy, as Tyler can attest. Yeah,

01:21
I tried to change it multiple times, and I just said, okay, and I kept it the same. So, fun times.

01:28
Oh, it's a blast. All right. All right, cool.

01:41
So for folks that are joining this, you are in for a treat, because I'm going to share a very rough, a very rough outline of the 2025 where is it? 2025, community support governance proposal. Um, I'll get into that a little bit, but, um, I'll share that with you guys here, and we'll kind of go through it. It's very kind of v1 so what you see is in probably what the final project will look like. But um, it's in a good spot to kind of review with some folks on this call. So I think with that, we'll kick things off. Let me start recording this, and we'll start. Oh, we are recording. Usually have to start recording, but we are recording. So, um, welcome everyone again to this month's community SIG call as a reminder kind of the definition of this specific special interest group is focused on any activities, programs or activations that support or enable the Akash community to grow and thrive within the ecosystem. Generally, I go through a handful of kind of agenda items, but really the main one that I want to focus on today is what I was mentioning earlier, is the community support governance proposal that I've been working on. It includes a lot of individual items, so I figured we could spend our time just kind of going through and covering what that looks like. As I mentioned, this is still kind of a version one, and you know, over the next couple weeks, once I get some community feedback from you guys, from the insiders community, from people at overclock, I think we'll be ready to put it on onto GitHub for a discussion, and then after that discussion, taking some of that feedback from the community and making some more updates to it, so we can finally get it ready for a q1 kind of community support governance proposal. But before we get into my one big agenda item for today. I wanted to see if there is any agenda items. Folks on this call wanted to cover anything that you want to highlight, give updates on, just let the community know, things that you're working on, or things that you'd like people to kind of get involved in. Any agenda items. I

04:25
All right, then I'm going to kick it off. Let me Oh, I didn't realize my videos off there. I'm a real person. Here I am. Let me share my screen, and we'll get into the governance proposal here. First, let me share this in case folks on this call have not seen it. I'm just pulling up a couple docs one second here. Blah, blah, blah, all right, let me share this screen. Yeah,

05:02
window.

05:09
All right, so a handful of you folks might have seen this. This is kind of a bit of a living document that I've been using and gathering community feedback from insiders and from other community members and from folks at overclock. As I think many of you know, I was on paternity leave for about three months, so the past month, since I've been back, I've been focused on setting up interviews, kind of getting feedback on just how the community is right now, kind of community health, what's working, what's not working, what are some things that we can do to make it better and improve it? And through all of that feedback, I've just been kind of adding notes to this kind of living document. There's a bunch of information, a bunch of things in here. Mostly this is for my benefit, but, um, I'm going to share it with you guys here today, just because I wanted to cover one thing that will give you a good kind of preface for the community support, kind of budget proposal that I'm working on. Let me go through this really quickly. The one thing that I want to kind of highlight here is the kind of insider activities. A lot of what we do in the community side, I focus a lot of my attention on kind of our ambassador program. These are individuals that have all raised their hands, and I want to get more involved in kind of the cash ecosystem. And these are some of the activities that we kind of offer up as optional activities for people to get involved in. Through these activities, they've led to kind of very specific, tailored things that the community can kind of contribute to, that is beneficial to Akash, and is kind of an organic kind of next step for folks that are already doing a lot of these activities. And this is a very nice kind of giving you guys some context into the support Prop that I've been putting together over the past week or two. A handful of you might have already seen this. This is really kind of the stages of kind of community development within the Akash community. Um, as I mentioned, step is, Oh, someone's trying to get in with them. All right? The first step in this is people applying to join the insiders program. Just as a quick background, insiders is a no requirements. All activities are optional. Way for folks that are interested in what's going on internally or within the Akash ecosystem to contribute more and as you know, people's, you know, or community members, I guess, development grows within the program. There are new kind of programs that we've been launching, some that are, you know, pilot stage, some that are fully developed, and some that we have yet to kind of fully launch, but these are all things that community members are already doing. So these aren't kind of like things that, you know, just kind of came up over the course of the, you know, the two years that the insiders program has been around. These are all things that people said, hey, I want to do this. I want to do this. But we didn't really have a framework to support those initiatives and those activities. So that's really what this is about. The first one is one that you guys are all probably familiar with the vanguards. Vanguards are community support representatives. They are people you might have seen inside of our Discord or telegram responding to technical community questions. Whereas the insiders is free, it's volunteer. There's no option. Everything's optional for you to participate in. There are requirements for the vanguards program, but there are also rewards for the vanguards program, and that goes across the board from all of these different programs that I'll be quickly covering. One final note on all of these. These are all invite only. So as you know, the community progresses inside of the insiders program. If you know community members or myself, or anyone inside of the community sees like, Oh, they're contributing in meaningful ways, we should find ways to support them. We invite them into these programs, but it's really up to individuals to join. So the vanguards that's been going off for about a year now, been very successful, I would say, for folks listening in, if you have discord questions, or you have technical questions, and you go to our Discord, you'll probably get a response pretty quickly, within, you know, a few hours at most. And that's really the goal of Vanguard's pro marketing, to get questions answered in a timely man, timely fashion. 24/7 365, next program is something that we have launched, but it's, it's still, still pretty fresh. It's called the ring masters. And really, this is just local event organizers or community organizers. Through the past two years at the insiders program, there's been a handful of folks raising their hands, and I want to host an event. I want to host an event, but we didn't really have a way to support that, in a in a kind of within a framework. I. And that support that means, you know, sending graphics, sending potential financial resources, sending swag tracking, kind of those activities. So the ring master program is solving that. It's basically you want to host events in your region. You sign up to the ring masters. You get rewarded for hosting those events. But there are requirements, and I can, we can we can kind of cover that later on. The two new ones, one is still, I would say, in a pilot, but it's, it's going relatively well, is the navigators program. And the navigators program is something that's kind of spawned over the past, you know, year of attending in person events and online within our Discord, projects coming saying, hey, I want to integrate Akash. I need to develop, you know, XYZ things. And it goes beyond just a simple question and answer that like a Vanguard remedy. This is a program for individuals pretty technical that understand the intricacies of how to deploy things onto the Akash network, working with projects or relative, relatively small companies, and taking them from not knowing anything to fully integrated into Akash and deploying their services. So that is kind of like a solutions architect role. So it's a bit of BD, it's a bit of integrations, that's invite only, and it's still a bit of a pilot, but having a framework for people saying, hey, I want to help projects get involved in the network, having a framework for that and reward system and kind of requirements, that's something that we really didn't have until now, and it's going pretty well so far. And then the final one is what I'm calling the alchemist, and this really hasn't fully launched yet, but as a part of the GoPro, I think this is how we can start promoting this and getting individuals to contribute. It's essentially like educational content. So many of you might be familiar with Akash edu. We launched it, you know, in the spring of last year with three courses. It was actually pretty successful, but to be totally frank and transparent, just didn't have the time to kind of add additional courses until really now. We also do really have a framework for finding and supporting individuals that want to create educational content as a part of the alchemist program or as part of the AkashEdu. So really, the alchemist program is a way to find um onboard um, enable and reward individuals that can create a cost specific educational content and curriculums teaching people about the different aspects of the of the network, from using the CLI to interacting with console to providing compute and All and everything in between. So the Alchemist is basically a framework for supporting individuals and filtering individuals that want to create content for Akash, both written and video guides, and then putting that onto Akash Ud. So we can build out a robust curriculum and just point people in the direction if they're interested in learning and getting nfts and kind of scaling their Akash knowledge. So this is kind of what I've been putting together over the past month, since I've been back through feedback from the community, through talking with folks at overclock. And this is kind of what it looks like going into 2025 this is really what I've spawned the community support kind of budget off of. It includes, you know, frameworks. It includes the Q undergo prop that we're going to go live and include a handful of things. But again, this is still a v1 it's not live yet, so we're kind of at the beginning stages of getting feedback, and I'll get to that right now, but before I get into the GOV prop, any questions on these kind of particular programs within the community, see if I see anything in the chat. Looks like everyone understands, excellent. So let's go to the support budget. So this is, this is the general layout of how I'm going to be requesting funds from the community pool for a lot of these community activities. It's pretty robust, and there's going to be some changes, but you can get a general sense of things by kind of going through this. So as I mentioned, there's kind of these five community programs, each with kind of different needs, requirements and activities

14:34
the insiders. That's kind of a free community program. So there really is no budget needed for that. This is an insider onboarding doc. So once people actually, and I'll share this not yet, but once we actually have the governance proposal kind of put together, this will, this doc will be included in there, so you kind of review everything, case by case, but um, the once people join the insiders program, this is an onboarding doc I send them. So. Don't need to really share that the vanguards wish is spelled incorrectly, but now it will be spelled correctly. Vanguards program, this is something that we put together in the past, so not much has changed on this, other than some requirements. So initially, the vanguards program was really about community support, plus some elected kind of activities. Now that we have these other kind of community programs that kind of fulfill those elected activities needs, I'm getting rid of the elected activities and adding things that are very specific to community support, community feedback, community engagement. So there are some new requirements as a part of the vanguards program, but they're not outside the realm of possibility for people that are already inside of the vanguards program. Next up is navigators, and that's something that I've mentioned to you guys. It's really solutions architects, helping people onboard onto the Akash network. I have a separate doc just for that. These are all docs that I share with individuals that are inside and have applied to join the insiders community. It's kind of the umbrella organization that all these other kind of sub communities filter down from this doc I share with individuals that want to join the navigators. And then, you know, they can decide if they think they can contribute to it or not. Next up is events. These are local event organizers. It's impossible for us to, you know, fly around the world and go to put on, you know, a small meetup for maybe 25 to 50 people. But luckily, there's a lot of individuals in the community that said, hey, I want to host an event in Sao, Paulo. I want to host an event in South Africa, I want to host an event in Berlin. So this is an up until now, we're really having had a kind of a clear framework for supporting those individuals. And with this, if the governance proposal passes, we will have that it includes rewards, budget, graphic design support, even maybe some promotional support from the official Akash channels. That's all kind of on a case by case basis. And then here is a document that coincides with like, what people can expect and what are the rewards for participating in the ring masters program. And then finally, the alchemist that's really again, Akash content, building up the Akash edu so we have a kind of a self service turn key way for people and to direct people to learn more about Akash and educate themselves, and then hopefully, over time, they can become kind of Akash certified professionals. And that's kind of the first step, is just having a framework for supporting people that want to create content for that for that program. Last is kind of three things that have kind of been around, but they're a little bit newer. I'll kind of briefly talk about them. Um, first up is hackathon. So we've done a bunch of hackathons in the past. Um, whether it's sponsored hackathons larger or smaller, or hackathons that we've owned ourselves. Right now we have our third Akasthon going on. This is a budget specifically for next year for both sponsored hackathons that we just sponsor and kind of contribute to, or our own owned hackathons that we kind of fully own and develop. I'll get into each of these kind of subcategories here in a second, but just want to cover all of this at a high level. Second is community events. So this is something that I've done before in the past, but I really haven't had the bandwidth to do really until now. We go to a lot of different conferences where there are communities that are already established. The purpose of this kind of community events, I guess, budget, is to interact with these local community organizers plant our flag within those given cities. So after we leave, we have an Akash kind of representative that we can onboard into the community. So for example, if we go to Best example you use, I think the next big event is neurops in Vancouver, so we're gonna have a big presence there. We're gonna do some side events. We're gonna have a booth. There's a bunch of stuff that I know Amanda. I think I think, I don't know she's on the call anymore, but Amanda has planned. The only problem with that is, like, while it's really beneficial, and you know, we're meeting with people that are flying it around the world, we're not, we haven't really done much to interact with local community members. So this is essentially looking for local community groups saying, Hey, we're gonna have a presence on site for neurops. We would love to host a side event with you guys for your community, getting an introduction with those local community leaders, and then making that relationship, forming that relationship. So once we leave and once nerves is all over, we still have, like a flag planted within those local cities that we can, you know, lean on for future activities, whether it's upcoming conferences. Or supporting them to host their own Akash events in those regions. So this budget is really specific and tailored to those local community organizers, and then hopefully onboarding them into, like the ring masters program, because we have a framework for it now. So that's a new thing, still working out the fine details, but that's what that looks like. And then the final one is just things that we've done already, and I'm just kind of adding to the community support budget, which is bounties and community rewards for specific asks. A lot of those things pop up, pop up in like the GitHub bounties, and GitHub kind of bounties, just discussions. But also can pop up from the community themselves, saying, hey, I want to build this. We say we have some budget. We'll throw some budget at you, and then you can actually go and build the things that you're looking to build out. So this is it at a very high level, before we get into these individual tabs. One other thing I want to mention before I open it up for questions, is how this will work. Is over the next, you know, this week. Next week, I plan on putting this in a written format, in a kind of a community discussions format on GitHub. I'm going to leave that open for two weeks, and I'll take all the feedback, all the questions, concerns, implement it into this budget, implemented into the q1 governance proposal. And then the q1 governance proposal will be the one thing that we put on chain, and it will be requesting right now, this is what we'll be requesting in terms of funds for the community pool. And then we'll do that every quarter. So there will be probably updates throughout the year. But generally speaking, I think this format will remain the same. And as always, any resources that we know we don't use, they all go back into the community pool for future activities on different things outside of just community support. Cool. So any questions on kind of this framework, the layout, how this all works before I maybe quickly cover these tabs here underneath. Let's see if there's any questions, nothing in the chat right now. Does it all make sense? Does this all fly? All right, I knew I could depend on Andrew for a question.

22:17
Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, hi, hi, guys. So yeah, just quick question for the ring masters there is, I see that there is a budget. Does that budget include the expenses to host the events? Or there will be, like, a separate budget for that?

22:32
Adam Wozney: So let me open the ring masters doc, and it'll give you a little more kind of insight. So I share this document with anyone inside of the insiders program, or people external that want to be a ringmaster, that go through the insiders program. And just for more context, anyone that's in part that's a part of these subgroups that I whoops, that I mentioned here, anyone that's a part of these subgroups, Vanguards, alchemists, Ringmasters, navigators, they all spawn from the insiders program. So if anybody wants to participate in any of these things, they need to go through the same filters that every insider does not every insider wants to do these things, and that's totally cool. Some people just want to be a fly in the wall. Some people want to contribute in different ways. They can join the insiders program and contribute. All of these things are optional and invite only. So that's just a little context on that. So to answer your question, Andrew, in terms of incentives and rewards, the basic layout is this, so somebody says they want to hope they want to be a ringmaster. Awesome. The only way that we include them, where they can start earning rewards, is that they have to host one successful event just to say, like, Hey, I've done this. I know what I'm doing. I've I've hosted events before, because otherwise, what we're going to get, and I've seen it before, is people saying, hey, I want to be a ring master, and we throw them, you know, a budget of $1,600 and they don't do anything, and then they're out the door. That's not what I want. I want people who actually want to contribute. And if somebody hosts one successful event, I'm like, okay, they actually want to contribute to this. Let's start. Let's start adding them to the ring masters agenda, ring masters program, and then from there, every quarter, this is basically the max budget that somebody could get each quarter, 1600 bucks us paid an Akt. How this will work is, let's say Andrew, like, I want to host an event, one event over the next three months. That's all I can do for this, that or the other reason, I want to host one event in Ukraine, you'll say, okay, cool. You host the event. You will once that event is over, you'll fill out this form with like an event URL, any pictures from your event, and then the events attendees list. Once that's filled out, at the end of the quarter, I will review it, and then I will send you $500 as an insider reward for hosting the event. And $200 for your event itself, for any like, what do you call it? Any incidentals? So basically, $200 what you have to put your event together, and then $500 is your reward, or you can use that reward for your event itself. If you want to put all that money, it's really up to you how you want to do it. The only way that you'll be eligible for $500 swag budget is if you host three total events per quarter. All of this is listed out here. You can review this. If people are interested. I send this to them, and you can kind of go through it, ask questions, yada yada yada. That's basically the layout of how the remasters program kind of works. Does that make sense? What do you think, Andrew,

25:47
Andrew Gnatyuk: not actually, I was just like, I wanted to know like, so basically, 200 bucks is the max expenses I can count to, like, host an event, right? If there will be like, an event for like, 50 or 60 people, I'll, I'll still, like, shoot, like, 200 bucks is an is maximum, right? Or, like,

26:07
correct, correct, okay. But

26:10
can I, can I, can I, like, apply for like additional expenses if I'll host like bigger event for like, 60 people, 80 people, for example, and something like that. Yeah,

26:19
Adam Wozney: yeah, totally. And that's to be honest, we haven't really built that into this. What I might end up doing, and I think that's good feedback, is maybe putting in, like, an overage budget. So for example, you come to me and say, hey, I can only do one event this quarter, but I'm planning on getting, you know, 100 people to show up, or 200 people to show up. I'm like, Okay, you're probably gonna need a little bit more resources for, like, catering, for example, like maybe 500 bucks that can get you probably enough pizza and soda for 100 people. I think it might actually be a good idea to add, like, an overage budget of, like, maybe once a quarter, we'll have $500 that we can use for any sort of overages that go beyond that $200 limit. So if you say to me, Andrew, hey, I'm hosting one event this quarter, it's gonna have 200 people, I'm gonna say, Okay, you're gonna need more than $200 I will pay that $500 overage towards your budget. So you'll have $700 plus 500 so you get 1200 at the end of the end of the quarter, the end of three months. One thing to note, though, is we're not paying these rewards until the end of the quarter, meaning ring masters will be acquired on the front end to pay out of their own pocket. So as long as they can wait until the end of the quarter to get that re get those resources, it should be fine, but as long as you host those events, you put it in the form at the end of every quarter. I review it and I say, oh, Andrew did two events. Andrew did one event. Calculate the budget, send it off to you at the end of the quarter. But I think adding an overage budget makes sense. What do you think? Andrew,

27:57
yep, yep. That does make sense. Thanks. Now. Okay, now that answers my question. Thank you. Excellent.

28:05
I can do this right now, and I'll say TBD. I'll think about what that total cost is. Um, awesome. Any other questions on just this, this kind of layout, and I know we're talking about rig master. So here's, like, the breakdown you can kind of see, and this is where I'll probably add, like, an overage budget area. But, um, go ahead.

28:24
Adrew: so yeah. And another question, like, a, is there an additional KPIs for like, for hosting this event, except like, the account of people and like, and the photos, like, should it be like some, some seem, or like, should we, like, do some additional stuff? I don't know,

28:44
Adam Wozney: yep. So the this is the requirements I have right now, and I'm open to other requirements that you guys can think of. So right now, the requirements specifically for event hosts is only insiders are eligible. So you have to apply to become an insider, go through the process. You have to host one in person meetup before you're eligible for awards, just to prove that you can do what you're saying you're doing, because otherwise, we're gonna get a lot of people saying, I can do this, and then nobody does anything. So that's the one requirement. Having hosted one in person meetup events must be documented in some shape or fashion, whether that's taking photos, whether that's a recorded video, recorded video would be awesome, because I think we could share that with folks. But there has to be some sort of some sort of documentation to prove that, you know, you actually help hosted this event. You have to share the RSVP list in the form below, and then, if you're hosting an event, if you do any sort of hashtags on Twitter, just do Akash IRL. So that way it's easy for us to track and see like, Oh, your local attendees can say like, oh, they attended an event. Here's a picture of the event, and use a hashtag Akash IRL, just to show that they were at the event. And then we can take that so. Social media and do whatever we want with it. And then the final requirement is, once you're done with the event, filling out a basic form, and I can just open it up and show it to you guys real quick. This form basically says your first name, last name, what's your Akt address, so that way, we can pay you at the end of the quarter, when your event date was your event location, city, country, did you make rented swag? Yes or No, RSVP list and photo list and that's it, and you'll do that for each event that you host. How's that work for you? Andrew, the

30:33
so the RSVP list should be like a as like the Excel, Excel sheet list, yeah, or

30:43
Google, Google Sheets, or link to,

30:50
if I'm using Luma, for example, and I could just use the list of all the hosts, okay,

30:56
yeah, some sort of link slash URL so we can, so we can gain access to that, yep,

31:04
Andrew: yep, that does miss ice and, and, like, the follow up question, it is possible, for example, if I'm hosting an event, and I think, like, for example, that's the first event in Ukraine, like, I'm hosting for Akash right at this moment, and I'm like, thinking that it would be great if you could, like, jump in for a few minutes and say, like, small speech online for, like, for the audience. Is it possible to invite for example, yeah, totally, I'm.

31:29
Adam Wozney: I'm down for that. I've done it in the past. It's just never, they're never really well received by the attendees, like, we can try it, like I'm down to try it, like I've done that before. Like, not at a cost, but at other companies. I've been in, like, I've led workshops, and it's just, it's never, it just never hits as it does if it's someone in person. So we can do it, and you know, if it works well, and the community's like, wow, this was great. Then awesome. But there's always, like, technical issues. There's always it's hard sometimes for me as, like a presenter to hear if there's questions from the audience, it's always a little bit, I don't know, for lack of a better word, janky. So, like, it's possible, and we can do it just if you want some content for an event, but, um, it's it never works as well as you think it would work.

32:20
Andrew: Yeah, I got it, but, but still, you know, like a few words like, hey, communities, did you gather it all around? Like, totally talk about the Akash, like we're like, we support you, and something like that, you know. And that's totally, yeah, okay, yeah, okay, awesome. Thanks. Cool,

32:39
Adam Wozney:  yeah. So I kind of already went through the kind of individual programs here. These are just a breakdown of, like, where we're at currently with the programs, and like where we I'm like forecasting by the end of the year, what the needs will be. So like, Vanguards right now we have 10. I think by the end of the year, 12 will be sufficient navigators. Right now we think there's only like four, and it's kind of in the pilot phase, but I think by the end of the year, we could potentially need 10 navigators. We might not reach that. We might need to go above it, but we can always revisit depending on where we are in each quarter over quarter ring masters. This is kind of like I'm budgeting a total of 10 local event organizers by the end of the year. That'd be awesome. That means there's 10 folks hosting events around the world, introducing people to Akash like, fingers crossed. That works, but I think a rough estimate of getting 10 people to do that, I think that's possible. Alchemists, this is kind of like, more around courses than it is around people. So like, for example, if people want to host or put together just one course, and I'm, I'm creating a list, and I can even maybe show to you guys here, gosh, you. So this is all under construction, so don't, don't take this at, uh, take this with a grain of salt, but these are the general courses that I'm starting to kind of build out that I would look for individuals to create for us. So for example, like Andrew, you're like, hey, I want to, I want to create some content, and you have the background. You've created videos in the past. You've created quizzes in the past. You've created prerequisites in the past. So it's like, cool. You can do this. You look through this list, which we'll share here at some point, probably in the next couple of weeks, month or so, before the new year, probably the New Year, and you say, I can do the introduction to SDL files. Course, cool. Then I'll go here, and for that course, you'll get 1000 bucks to create it. And basically it's 20 person quiz, or 20 question quiz, a video demo introducing people to the SDL demo, and then prerequisite document, and you'll get 1000 bucks. So right now, I'm estimating around. Or hopefully, I could get 12 courses by the end of the year. That would mean that we have 15 courses inside of Akasha D, which is pretty awesome. Imagine people going through and finishing all those courses, getting all those nfts. Not only are we teaching people Akash, but we can reach out to those individuals that have finished all those courses and said, Hey, we have all these other programs available. Would you like to join the net the vanguards, the navigators, the ring masters. So it's kind of a way to vet individuals to join and get more involved in the ecosystem. But also it's also a great way to kind of just teach people go to college. But that's kind of how the alchemist program work. It's not necessarily about the amount of people doing it. It's whoever wants to do it however many courses they feel comfortable in creating. But I'm still building this out. That's why it says under construction up here. So take all of this stuff with a grain of salt. But I'm hoping by the end of the year I'll have this a little bit more developed, and then I can share it with I can share it with folks in the community to contribute. Last one is the hackathon. So I mentioned to really, we've only focused on our own own hackathons and previous gov props. And this one still has that element, but there are so many different projects, teams, individuals hitting us up on local community hackathons. So I'm adding a sponsored hackathons budget to this as well. And then this is, you know, fairly navigable, where it's like that doesn't mean for hackathons each Hackathon is going to get this. I would look at this more as like sponsorship budget for 2025 is 240k for as many hackathons we can spit in. That makes sense. That's kind of how I'm viewing the sponsored hackathon kind of budget. And then finally, Oh, yeah. One other quick thing is we do have some funds left from door hacks. We we partner with door hacks last year and a little bit the year before. And we do have around, I think it's like 120k in Akt available for door hacks. So while I'm requesting maybe this much, we probably won't need this much, because we can use door hacks funds. So you could look at this as maybe being less than, you know, the four, almost 400k total. It'd probably be closer to, like, 200k or even less than that. So just want to call that out. This will all be in the Gulf crop as well. And noted there next up is the community events. So this is still a little bit under construction. I need to figure this out. But as mentioned, when we go to sponsor these events, connecting with local community groups, partner with them on hosting a side event, so we can actually plant our flag within local regions and then have someone that's kind of represented, Akash, once those events are over, once those kind of sponsor events are over. That's really the goal of this to kind of build up the ring masters program and build up local presence in different parts of the world where we are going to these kind of bigger conferences. So this is still a little bit under construction. So again, take this with a grain of salt, but just want to mention that's a big thing that I'm thinking about. And then finally, here's kind of a general layout of the bounties and rewards that we're thinking about for 2025 this is kind of a rough estimate on different requests. So yeah, that's it. It's a lot to cover. It's a lot to think about, still a handful of items to kind of figure out, in terms of the budget, in terms of the GOV props, in terms of the discussion that we'll put on GitHub, probably by next week. My focus is by the end of this week, I will have kind of the finalized numbers here, finalized discussion, finalized gov prop ready, so we can review it as a community, as a wider community, over two week period, and then implement all that feedback, and then put it up for GoPro, and then fingers crossed, passes any final questions on this big subject matter that is that I covered today, while we spend 40 minutes talking about it, any thoughts concerns, things that you think are missing, anything that you think sucks. That's cool, too. What do you guys think? Was there a hand that went up? I can't tell.

39:13
Oh, Tyler, go for it.

39:16
Tyler: The only thing that I would say is, well, I'm not a big fan of this plan. I just want to remind people that this is just part of, again, like a larger, cohesive structuring. As we attack 2025 I know there's a working group session for events 2025 which will be its own separate budget for how we like attend events and all that kind of stuff. Then we have this community structure. We have the community support budget for bounties that come out of the sigs and working groups. Robert has a zealy program that is intended to, you know, bring developers into the ecosystem. I know Andrew asked about specific KPIs. You know, always the North. Are, is to find really talented people out there in the world that do not know about Akash, or do know about Akash, and should be getting more involved in contributing to the project, you know. So we want to bring people into the insiders. We want to have people contribute to Akash console, to support tickets, you know, deploy on Akash. So that's always the North Star, besides just obviously email lists and all that kind of stuff, which is great. We really want to find more people like yourselves out there, and this is just a part of that strategy to really activate them and get them contributing as quickly as possible. So shout out Adam. And I just want to mention the events Working Group tomorrow, and just like the overarching thought process and plan across community a number of other efforts.

40:48
Adam Wozney: Oh, I didn't know there's a where is that? Let's say there's an events Working Group tomorrow.

40:54
Tyler: It's on the master calendar. If you I think you should be on it. If you're not, then I'll make sure. But again, because Discord is so trash, and we can talk about here or in the insiders office hours, for those that are in insiders, if we should think about just deleting it and figuring out, you know, a way to make sure that people can stay up to date, using the cash Network website in the calendar, but everything in terms of sick and working groups would,

41:25
Adam Wozney: yeah, it'd be good to I had no idea that was that call tomorrow, so I don't think a man has been on the call. Still, I saw she was No, I don't think so it'd be good to promote that so people can join. Because if nobody joins and we promote this thing, there's no community feedback. That's just not a good vibe. But is this the Oh, I see the calendar here? Cool. Oh yeah, there it is. Okay. Details. Just want to see if there's like a link to get into it. Oh yeah, there it is. Okay, cool. I'll share this with the insiders so people are aware. Because I don't think people are aware.

42:07
Great. I've added you to the invitation. If anybody wants, else wants to be added to the invitation, please just ping me and we'll do so

42:18
much as gracias.

42:21
Adam Wozney: I um, okay, so that's kind of my focus. Over the next, you know, couple weeks here, um, once this is, you know, ready for public review and feedback. Actually, I'll give you the timeline. This week I'm finalizing the budget. This week I'm writing the discussion GitHub discussion article, and I'm also creating a rough skeleton for the q1 gov prop that will include this stuff, because I can't really create that until everything's finalized. I'm planning on putting it up for GitHub discussions next week. The plan is to keep it open for a couple weeks, push people to give feedback, implement those changes, and then by December 26 putting it up on chain for a vote. So that way, fingers crossed. It passes by January 1, I know I can start building out all these things that I was talking about with you guys today. So alright, Piyush, what do you got?

43:19
Piyush: Yeah, good evening, everyone. So I have some questions related to the hackathon for sponsorship amounts that he shared. So as you can see in the doc that you mentioned, up to 20,000 sponsorship for a specific hackathon that anyone can host in their local region. So I would like to know how the review is going to look like. Let's say someone from India is coming to you and saying that we wants to host, we are hosting a hackathon in our university, and this is what we need, right? I just want to know like, who is going to the reviewer behind the scene, and whom the sponsor. I mean, the hosts can reach out to

44:03
Adam Wozney: Yeah, totally. I think it'll work similarly how it's worked before, except the only roadblock we had before is we didn't have funds allocated to supporting individual hackathons. So currently, if this gov prop passes, overclock is the stewards of those resources once you have a hackathon. So for example, piyush  like, oh, we have a hackathon. It's going to be, you know, x1 of days it's over this time period, this quarter, putting into a GitHub discussion for the community to give feedback on. If there's no negative feedback and there's no issue from community members. And the budget is, we have budget allocated. We should be able to support those hackathons. It all depends on community feedback. Ultimately, I think it will come down to, you know, people giving their thoughts and feedback on those individual initiatives. And since overclock. The stewards, we would be the ones paying at the end of the day. So we need community feedback before we can make informed decisions as well. If we don't get community feedback, then it will fall exclusively on overclock to figure out if that Hackathon is deemed, you know, interesting enough for us allocating those hackathon resources too. So that's why I think putting it on GitHub is like of the utmost importance, because we need community feedback to say, hey, this makes sense. Hey, I don't think this makes sense. Um, otherwise, it comes down to the stewards of the resources. Does that make sense?

45:36
Piyush: Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah. So I've been to two headquarters in India. One was at the University. One was hosted by one of the organizations. I just want to add some more feedbacks. I mean the personal feedback. So as I was the representative of Akash network in both of the hackathons, I think sponsoring, more sponsoring the hackathons posted by the community students could be more beneficial to Akash network, because, like, the students there I participate more compared to what we see in hacked on, which are being hosted by the big organizations. So that's my personal feedback, because, like, I've been to both places. So yeah, that's a small thing that I just want to add. Thanks.

46:26
Adam Wozney: Got it. Thank you. And yeah, and I think it's honestly good making sure people are aware how resources will be allocated if the governance proposal passes. So for each of those separate things, like, especially within the I'm trying to see where I have the doc open. Of course, I lost it. It doesn't matter in each of those things, I think having like for hackathon, for example, in the discussion saying like, if the funds are if the governance proposal passes, funds will be allocated. In this way, people need to put up a governance or put up a discussion and GitHub for hackathon, you need to require community feedback, that feedback will be taken into consideration from the overclock labs team. If no feedback is given, then it falls to the stewards of the resources, which is overclock to decide on whether or not we can support those hackathons. That's why I think getting community feedback is, like, really important, because without it, it all falls to us. And ultimately, I don't want to be the ultimate truth Sayer. I want the community to have, like, a democratic kind of idea behind, like, what we're giving funds to So, but I'll make sure that in the governance proposal, it'll have all this stuff listed out, so that way people are very clear on how resources are allocated for all these different kind of initiatives. Yannick giving me a thumbs up. So, you know, that's good. Oh, a double thumbs up from Yannick. That means I'm really good. I'm on fire today. Guys. Um, any any other questions, thoughts, concerns on the proposal I was talking about, or any other agenda items you guys want to quickly cover in the 11 minutes we have left. Otherwise, I'll have time. I'll take back some time and go check on my baby, who I've been hearing bussing in the background a lot today. Share the recording ASAP, please. Oh, yeah, recordings. Where do the recordings go? Ty, they're on the website, right?

48:31
Oh, Tyler, are you there?

48:34
Tyler: They live on GitHub, which is also available on the website. So, um, George Pro from the community gets community support funds. So we usually wait about a day, because sometimes the transcript is not accurate in the first 24 hours, and I send it over to George, and then George turns around fairly quickly, so it should be up in the next like two days. It's always available in the drive that is open to the public. So you can see the raw the Google.

49:04
Thank you, Tyler, as always, for being the jester of things that know where things are located. I don't know. Jester doesn't make sense. Any other questions, concerns, feedback. Oh, Robert, I saw your hand up. Go for it,

49:24
Robert: sure, man. I just want to say a quick thanks to you for putting this insiders program revamp together. It looks like a lot of effort, but I'm sure it's going to keep attracting good talent to the community. Me as a two years old insider, want to say this to the other insiders, let's pay attention to these initiatives, and let's be on the lookout for people in the community that we believe could do a good job in the different arms or these new insiders program you see when. The navigators. Now we have the the alchemists doing content, the ring masters doing events. Right? If you know somebody that you believe is going to do a good job in any of these arms, don't be afraid to recommend any of these channels to those people. And again, awesome us as insiders. We are all here. We have experience, and I guess we all should be kind of helping Adam in making sure this initiative is successful. And besides that, the zealy discussion phase three, it's already on GitHub, so you can pass by on GitHub and give your comment, yeah. I Yeah,

50:44
Adam Wozney: cool. Thank you, Robert and yeah, I this is all from community feedback, support, all of the budget items, all of the initiatives really coming directly from, like, organic kind of community development. So really, thank you guys for kind of supporting like these efforts, because without you, I wouldn't know where to go. I wouldn't know what to do. I'd be sitting here twiddling my thumbs, being like, what should I do? So big shout out to you guys for all contributing and giving feedback to all these things and yes, big shout out also Robert, for anyone that you guys see that you think would be interesting potential candidate for the insiders program and all these sub communities, just have them go to the Akash Network website, fill out the application form, and we will be reviewing accordingly. I did a big catch up recently, and I think I'm only a month behind in reviewing the applications that come in. We get about 30 per month to join the insiders program, and that's really without any promotion whatsoever. So my goal is, once this is implemented, if the governance proposal passes, I'll have a lot of ammunition to say, if you want to join these programs, here's some promotion for Vanguards, here's promotion for insiders, here's promotion for local events, here's promotion for things that we're attending and doing. So we can start promoting the insiders program, and I think we'll be able to really start scaling it up quickly, because we have a framework around it now. We have incentives, we have rewards, we have initiatives, all these different things that people can contribute to in meaningful ways. So yeah, so I think 2025, is gonna be a big, big community year for Akash. Cool. Any other thoughts, concerns, feedback, questions before maybe wrap up a little earlier today. Awesome. Well, thank you guys for joining this SIG community. Call is a big one. I think our next one in December, we'll have a lot more discuss regarding the proposal and the feedback from you guys. But as always, if you have any questions, concerns, comments, head over the discord. Ping DM Tyler directly at all hours of the day. He loves it, especially when it's really late at night. He's always there to support you guys. But if you do have any questions, concerns, thoughts, head over to the discord, let us know. But beyond that, as always, we'll see you guys in the metaverse later. Everybody.

53:06
Save guys. Bye. See you. Bye.
