# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #22

## Agenda
- Opening remarks and community updates.
- Discussion on updates to the Akash community webpage and events planning.
- Presentation of community and ecosystem support proposals.
- Proposal discussions:
  - Benjamin B: Community involvement and marketing initiatives.
  - Bernie: Network Punks proposal for NFT minting and trading in AKT.
- Open floor for community feedback and questions.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, December 10, 2024
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://nau5funxfwypo5dyiygfm4dar7qxpoomsh53vyqe7ngpc4zdv7rq.arweave.net/aCnS0bctsPd0eEYMVnBgj-F3ucyR-7riBPtM8XMjr-M)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney  
- Benjamin B  
- Bernie (Network Punks)  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- Robert Del Rey  
- Dimokus  
- Khanh Tran  
- Neta DAO Academy  
- Yakup Altay  
- Rodri R  

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** welcomed participants to the final SIG Community Call for 2024.
- Overview of the call's purpose: discussing, supporting, and managing Akash community initiatives.
- Highlighted the year-end nature of the meeting and the focus on preparing for 2025.

### Community Updates
- Updates to the Akash website:
  - **Community Page:** New layout with a slider and bullet points. Plans to include a comprehensive "Akash Community Overview" section.
  - **Events Page:** Lists past and upcoming events. Future updates may include community-hosted events.
  - **AkashEdu:** Free educational content on Akash and cloud computing. Expansion planned for 2025.
- Event planning:
  - **NurIPS 2024:** Akash booth and sponsored working space. Limited engagement observed in the event's dedicated Discord channel.
  - **ETHDenver 2025:** Early planning phase. Aiming for larger community engagement and an improved booth setup.

### Community and Ecosystem Support Proposals
- **Adam Wozney** shared a detailed proposal to fund community initiatives in 2025, focusing on:
  - **Community Programs:** Vanguards, Navigators, Alchemists, Ring Masters.
  - **Community Activities:** Hackathons, local event sponsorships, and community bounties.
  - Proposal validation and feedback process:
    - Discussions with insiders, Overclock Labs, and community SIG calls.
    - Plans to publish on GitHub for further feedback and governance voting.

### Proposal Presentations
#### **Benjamin B: [Community Involvement and Marketing](https://github.com/piber-dev/marketing-prop)**
- Focused on leveraging new Akash tools (e.g., console CD tools and credit card integration) for broader adoption.
- Proposed initiatives:
  - Sponsored videos by mainstream web2 developers to increase exposure.
  - Reddit support and engagement.
  - Development of deep technical Twitter threads, blog posts, and other content.
- Questions and feedback:
  - Importance of tracking success metrics (e.g., referral links, engagement stats).
  - Encouragement to highlight areas where Akash marketing is currently lacking.

#### **Bernie (Network Punks): [NFT Minting and Trading in AKT](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19awMEwLwVuSuBE6c3EB00jTmcrN7aZAzAoR1SDDH1qg/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7rp90f4u33a6)**
- Proposal for the **Network Punks** NFT collection:
  - Minting and trading using AKT on Stargaze.
  - First NFT collection to embody decentralized physical infrastructure network (DePIN) culture.
- Objectives:
  - Foster community engagement and culture.
  - Drive interest in Akash via NFT-related activities.
- Request:
  - $25K in equivalent AKT and STARS liquidity for minting and trading.
- Feedback:
  - Open proposal for broader community comments via Discord and GitHub.
  - Emphasis on setting clear timelines for feedback and submission.

### Open Floor for Questions and Feedback
- **Andrew Gnatyuk:** Highlighted the importance of tracking success for marketing and content initiatives.
- General feedback for both proposals:
  - Engage community members in SIG channels for feedback.
  - Share proposals publicly for comments before final submission.

### Closing Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** thanked participants and emphasized the importance of community involvement.
- Encouraged proposal creators to share updates and timelines in the SIG Community Channel.
- Announced the next call will take place in 2025.

## Action Items
- **Adam Wozney:** Publish community support proposal on GitHub and incorporate feedback by December 26, 2024.
- **Benjamin B:** Refine proposal, gather community feedback, and engage with the Akash marketing team.
- **Bernie (Network Punks):** Share Network Punks proposal in SIG Community Channel and set feedback timelines.
- **Community Members:** Provide feedback on GitHub discussions and SIG channels for active proposals.

# **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Weird.

Network Punks: Good evening.

Benjamin B: Is there a big queue of people trying to join?

Adam Wozney: Some reason this recording and letting people in, for some reason. I don't know what's going on here. Yeah, it's messages. Hey, and so wants to join. I click admit and it's like not letting people in. I don't know what's going on here.

Benjamin B: I had to press an extra button when you clicked me through.

Adam Wozney: That's so weird.

Benjamin B: So, I had to click again because the call was already recording.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I don't know what's going on. I've admitted a bunch of people, but no one's joining. I don't know I don't know. I'm going to make a message in the community chat and Discord video connecting.

Network Punks: Yeah, I was about to ask if these meetings are for everyone.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, they are. That's the weird thing. I don't know what the deal is here. Usually, it just lets me let people in and it's like no problem. Andrew, did you have a problem getting in here?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Nope. You're all good at my side.

Adam Wozney: That's so weird. give me one second. Should work. All right. hopefully fingers crossed.

Adam Wozney: All I made a message in the SIG community chat. Hopefully that'll help. I know there was a couple people. so weird. let's All right, let's try one more person here. Admit. Let's see if that worked. There we go. Robertson. Yeah. So weird. there was a handful of folks trying to get in and I said admit and then they went away but no one got in and then when he tried again now it worked. So I don't know what's going on. I apologize for that. there's someone else. Let's admit. There we go. and now someone left. This is so weird. What is going on?

Adam Wozney: I might just push through because I don't know why the video chat is going so weird today. Sorry guys. let me pull up my agenda and we'll kick this bad boy off. Give me one second here. It's a pretty straightforward agenda today, but wanted to get your guys' thoughts on some more people trying to join. That's good. And put this Over here. There we go. Sorry, I don't know if you guys are like me. I have five bazillion tabs open and I'm just trying to organize them all for this call. Okay, I think that's good.

Adam Wozney: And let's do this. I'll open this Duplicate that. And I think I'm just about All I think I can finally kick this off. everyone, how are you doing today?

Robert Del Rey: TMDM.

Adam Wozney: I see Hearts and GMs. That's a good sign. I didn't even notice my video's off. Hi. I'm a real person for everyone who I haven't met. today is the 10th of December. this is the final SIG community call of the year. I believe it's the maybe 10th or 11th.

Adam Wozney: I think we had to skip a couple because of paternity leave and events and all sorts of different reasons, but this is the final SIG call of this year. excited to see what 2025 has in store. That's actually a lot of what we'll be covering today. But, just as a reminder for PE people watching the recording or joining live, the point or the purpose of this special interest group community is to discuss, support, and manage Akos community initiatives. a lot of those initiatives I help put together, a lot of those initiatives you guys actually put together, but the whole purpose of this call is to kind of discuss things that are community related that would benefit the Akash ecosystem and, hopefully finding ways to support those initiatives. So, that's the high level. as always, I want to kick it off with agenda items. I only have three agenda items today, but I think one of them is going to take a little while to kind of go through.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: But before I get into my agenda items, is there anything anybody wants to make sure I include in today's agenda? Anything that anybody would want to chat about, cover, or make sure we bring up? Go ahead, Ben. Got it.

Benjamin B: Hey, I would like to request some time to present the proposal we're going to put on the community discussions page.

Adam Wozney: I'll just say Ben. Community Anything you'll need maybe five 10 minutes?

Benjamin B: Yeah, I don't think anything more will be needed unless there are many questions.

Adam Wozney: Okay, perfect. all right. You're in the Next up, any other agenda items on Stargaz and…

Adam Wozney: 

Network Punks: Yeah, sure.

Network Punks: Want to talk about NFTTS minting on Stargaz and trading in Akash token.

Adam Wozney: you said purchasing with the AKT,…

Network Punks: Yeah. Minting and trading in AKT.

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: minting and Got it. NFT on Stargaz. And maybe five minutes or so to kind of give your overview of that. Got it. Yeah. Totally.

Network Punks: been in the talks with KM about it.

Adam Wozney: Totally. Yeah. Yeah. All Yeah. Perfect. any other agenda items anybody wants to cover or make sure that we chat about? Going once, twice, and sold to the highest bidder, which is all right. So, let's kick off the agenda.  First thing I wanted to chat with you guys about was we made some updates to the community page on the official AOS website one and this is all stem from website working groups and website sigs but I just wanted to share this with you guys just so you can kind of see what it looks like right now.

Adam Wozney: There are some minor updates that I think are going to be changing. this I think is a little bit too long of what the insider's description is. these bullet points have changed. So there's some minor copy things that we're changing but not too much is going to be updated. I do like just the layout. I love this little slider. So shout out to all the website working group and the community members that were involved in the website. Super happy with that. We've also made some updates I believe to the Akasha events. page. So you can see all the previous events that Akos had representation at. These are events that s sponsored. we don't really have any place for previous communityowned events, but I think that maybe is on the horizon. Maybe in next year we can add community-owned events from part of the ring masters program to add here. but for now these are just the large events that we've attended Ember, Nvidia, ECC, these kind of things.

Adam Wozney: And you can also see the upcoming events that we have. So this week is Nurips, I don't know how you want to pronounce it. there's a pretty big overclock and AOS representation there. this one I actually don't know anything about. So if you have questions about this event, hit up Amanda or just head over to the events working group channel in Discord. I don't think we updated the validators page at all for folks that want to become validators. It gives you a little idea on how to do that.  and Kashiu. This is the big one. this has kind of been a pet project of mine for a while and I'm hoping to really scale up next year, but this is just free education on Akos in cloud computing. really excited about that one.

Adam Wozney: The one thing missing and I got feedback from Dennis who's our web designer and actually a few community members that help with the website is right now when you have this pull down there's really no community general overview this is the Akos community. so I'm going to be working on putting a rough draft together on a kind of this is what the Akos community is kind of thing. that's really the only feedback, but I wanted to share that for anyone that wants to get involved in not just the community page, but all these different pages that are on the AOSH website, there is a website working group that you can join to put in your thoughts and contribute to that. any questions on the community page? Excellent. Next up, we have events.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: So, I'll quickly share I did just briefly chat about that we're at Nurups this week. there is a kind of a working space that Akos has sponsored where we're inviting folks that are attending Nurups to come and meet with the Akos kind of core contributing folks. that's happening now. Today's the last day of that, but there are going to be some events that are taking place at the Akos booth. Greg's going to have a talk and I think there's a meetup that's planned as well. but this is just the Nurups page. If you want to check it out, you can actually go to the main website and at the very top that's where you can see everything happening at Nurups this week. We also have a Discord channel that's called Nurups. it's not too much engagement there.

Adam Wozney: I think we don't really promote it, but the idea is anyone that's attending this event or is interested in the event can post questions, share pictures, anything happening from the AOSH community can all go within that discord page. for Nurups, that's it on only other thing is on the event side. so Amanda would maybe give updates on this stuff because she's managing all of the events now, which is awesome for me. But is ETH Denver.  That's the next big one that we're starting to plan out. Last year was definitely our most successful East Denver engagement. A handful of community members supported us on site. but this year we're planning to kind of double down on it. So hosting some more side events, hopefully getting some more stage time at the event itself. from my understanding the booth that Amanda is working on is going to be huge and awesome. So I'm really excited to see how ETH Denver comes together. But that's happening in February.

Adam Wozney: So, it's still a ways off, but really not too far off. events happen fast. so Amanda's been working on that for a while. So, if you're interested in Ethmber, I put in some stuff inside of the ETH Denver chat, in ETH Denver channel, inside of the Discord. So, if you have questions, you want to try to get involved, to go. That's it on Any questions on events or that community page kind of update?

Adam Wozney: We're All So, what I wanted to spend a major majority of our time on here today was this I've already talked to you guys about it in previous SIG calls and I've shared this with the insiders. I've shared this with overclock folks. Gotten a lot of feedback and I've made adjustments to this proposal based off that feedback.  But this is kind of like the highlevel understanding of what we're going to be doing from a community perspective within Akos. this is all stuff that some of this stuff already exists and we're just kind of doubling down.

Adam Wozney: Some of the stuff is new, but really the purpose of this proposal, which I'm hoping to get up onto GitHub today for the bigger community to start actually putting in their feedback, is supporting programs and activities that the community is going to be involved in. So, I want to go through each one of these items quickly, but if you have a question, let me Just raise your hand and I'll stop.  But, otherwise, I'm just going to kind of quickly go through each of these bullet points and get your guys' thoughts and feedback and opinions because ultimately all that stuff goes into this. I'm hoping to get this on chain by December 26th. So, we'll hit the ground running if it passes. January 1st. So, this is a proposal that we've done before. I think this is the third year we're doing this.

Adam Wozney: all this proposal is saying is, I'm just going to read it off the top. Seeksk to establish and fund essential community support and growth initiatives for the AOSH network throughout next year. it aims to strengthen community engagement, expand ecosystem development, and foster sustainable growth through targeted programs and activities.  I should actually say through targeted community programs because there is more than just the community that happens in the Akashi ecosystem but this is specific to community initiatives. I split this up into two different categories community programs and community activities. programs are kind of wellestablished things where community members can get involved on a recurring basis. Activities can be kind of one-off activities.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: Think events, think hackathons, think bounties, but programs are kind of ongoing initiatives. So that's the differentiation between programs and activities. Just so you guys know, some of these things you might be familiar with already, but if you're not, let me know. There's funding in here to continue support  and Vanguard's program for those that aren't familiar watching the recording or watching live now. These are support representatives who are helping answer questions for technical community members, whether it's Telegram, hopefully Reddit someday. That's something we're not really doing much in, but hopefully someday we can do more on Reddit. but specifically on Discord because that's where all of our kind of developer activity takes place is on Discord.

Adam Wozney: So there's funding to support those individuals responding to technical questions across our various channels and that's the Vanguard's program navigators. This is new we've kind of been piloting it through OCL funds right now but the pilot has kind of gone fairly successful over the past month or two so far but navigators are people think of them as upgraded versions of  Vanguards are there for kind of quick questions like I have a question here's an answer moving on done. Navigators are for folks that have maybe a project that want to do bigger things across the Akos ecosystem.

Adam Wozney: So navigators work with those projects from beginning kind of understanding of what the project needs to implementation integrations of the AOS network and then helping to squash any issues once that project is live on the network. So it's a kind of a more robust more of a handholding process for small, medium, and even large projects that are looking to integrate AOSH into their tech stack. That's something that we launched fairly recently. we have a couple navigators in the program, but this is actually going to fund and support the growth of that program and making it stronger and better as we get more projects into Akos. That's the navigators program. Alchemist, this is kind of spawning off of Akos Education, which I was talking about before. AkashiD is something I launched last year, actually, sorry.

Adam Wozney: yeah, at the end of last year, we did a revamped version of it in March. and then it was kind of on hiatus because I was on paternity leave. There was nobody to manage it. So, it kind of was on pause. But now that I'm back, I want to double down on the Alchemist program. And ultimately, alchemists are Akos educators. They're people who feel comfortable creating quizzes, creating prerequisite docs, and creating demo videos teaching people how to do XYZ thing on the Akos network. right now we have three courses on AOS ediu. Those are old courses, probably need to be updated, but right now that's what we have. I've created a list of 15 courses and the goal of this is to find individuals who have the technical skills to create educational content that we can put onto the network or onto AOS edu that we can build up a stable of curriculum so eventually people can become, a certified experts. That's the goal. That's the vision.

Adam Wozney: But first, we just need to get courses on to Akos edu. This is basically a funding proposal to help fund folks that want to create this educational content. That's what the Akosh Alchemist program is. next up is Ring Masters. This is something that is already kind of established, but after I went away on paternity leave, it kind of fell by the wayside. But now I'm looking to ramp it up again. And to break it all down very simply, it's a events in local areas around the world.  So a lot of people say they want to host events. There really wasn't a way to support those initiatives. This is a framework and a reward system and a requirement system for folks that want to host local events about Akos. you can see how this could be an issue if we didn't have this program because people say I want to host an event. We're cool here's some funding and some resources to do it. They host the event but then we're did anything happen? There's nothing there to prove it out.

Adam Wozney: This is basically a framework for supporting individuals that are legitimately holding events and rewarding those individuals that hold those events and help grow the ecosystem. That's the ring masters at the end of the day. So that's the fourth and final kind of Any questions about these four community programs? Do you feel like these programs make sense? Do you think there's anything missing?  Do you feel like this is way off base? Totally open to your feedback and thoughts. If not, just give me a thumbs up and I'll moving on to community activities. So, as I mentioned, programs kind of ongoing initiatives. Activities are kind of one-off things that can take place.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: There's three community activities that I'm looking to get funded for this year. One is hackathons. So this is not just our own own hackathons. So the previous two proposals were really specifically for funding our own own hackathons. right now we have a kashon 3 which should be wrapping up this week or hopefully by the beginning of next week. But sponsored hackathons. So we get hit up a lot at overclock for people saying hey we want to host we want to do a hackathon.  we want you to support our hackathon, but we just never had funding to do that. So, the idea behind this is not only can people come to Overclock and say, "Hey, Meta is hosting a hackathon. We should support it." We'll actually have funding to do that. All of this will go through kind of governance proposals sorry, not governance proposals, but the community support SIG, the event working group, all of these things, and a lot of this can go into GitHub as well for community feedback.

Adam Wozney: But this is going to give funding for sponsored events that community members come to us to. you'll see what is it the GitHub discussions sometimes we put in here's a hackathon I want to do. The idea is we'll put up our hackathons there people can review it if the community is this sounds good let's move forward now we'll actually have funding to support those hackathons whereas before we really haven't had funding to support those supported hackathons.  So really the hackathons activity supports owned hackathons that come out directly from Akos and sponsored hackathons that come to the Akos network for the community to decide on whether or not it makes sense to actually host and support those athons. That's the hackathon of activity community events. This is a little bit different. This is a newer one. but this is something that I also have looked at as a bit of a pet project for myself.

Adam Wozney: So in previous roles a lot of times we go to these events. So for example we're at Nurups right now in Vancouver. this has all gone through governance proposal. The proposal passed now there's budget for a cost of representation at Nurups which is a big cryptographic kind of encryption researcher academics big projects go there. So it makes sense for a kashab presence there. However we'll host events and then we leave.  The idea behind this propo this object is not only will we go to these places, but we're going to reach out to local community groups and sponsor their side events while we have a kosh presence on site. And this really serves two purposes. One is for anyone who's hosted events before, finding good content for their event can be difficult sometimes because you're pulling from the same bucket of people that live in those cities.

Adam Wozney: So utilizing the Akos network ecosystem for when they're in those cities, going and sponsoring their events and having someone from the Akos community talk at their events, talking about cloud, deepen, AI, crypto, whatever. It's great for content for those community professionals hosting events in their regions. But it's good for AOSH now because the idea is we'll now have a Kosh.  we'll now have someone who's local to that community that we can reach out to for future events. We can ask for community support. We can do a bunch of different things, partnership opportunity or integrations opportunities. I mean, so the idea is to have a small fund of resources to sponsor local event organizers at these bigger conferences that Akos has a presence So that way we don't go there and just leave and then we're kind of out of that city.

Adam Wozney: The idea is we'll plant flags in different parts of the world where we can slowly onboard them into the ring masters program or just have community leadership in different parts of the world that we can reach out to and kind of build a stable of new community members that we can work with as the community grows. So that's really what the community events kind of activity is about. this is all going to be live on GitHub so if you have feedback feel free to throw it in there.  And the last thing on the community events or activity side is bounties. This is something that we're not changing too much, but really the focus is like Akos ecosystem needs help with something, we'll put up a bounty onto GitHub. People will raise their hands saying I can contribute and then they're rewarded for actually building things that help other people build an Akos. That's kind of the long and short of community bounties. anyone can propose bounties as well. We have a bounties channel on Discord or you could always go into GitHub bounties and kind of leave your thoughts in there as well.

Adam Wozney: But that's a part of this Any questions on the community activities that I've listed here? Nope. All Moving on to the final leg of this and then we can see if there's highle questions from you guys. But this is just to kind of for folks to understand how this proposal was validated.  So, right now, this is the second I'm going to put in a second link here, but this is the second community call review that we've had. I'm going to put in a link once this video call is over in here. So, people can review this on their own time. I've shared this with insiders maybe a week or two ago and they've already given some good insight and feedback and I've made some adjustments based off of that feedback. And then we've also shared it with the overclock labs team. let them put in their two cents, their feedback and made some adjustments off of that.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: ultimately these are the only things we can really do before this is live. So, Tyler may have mentioned before in steering committee calls, your feedback is valuable. So, once I put this onto GitHub discussions, if you have any other thoughts, ideas, positive feedback is good or negative feedback, put it on to GitHub discussions because I want to include all of that feedback in this proposal. here's the idea on the funding request.  I'm also going to put in a link to the detailed funds like each line item so you can kind of review How this will work is I'm going to split this up into two different quarterly proposals.

Adam Wozney: So, if people give positive feedback and there's no big issues, on December 26th, I'm going to create a community program proposal and a community activities proposal. Those are two separate things. So, we'll have two gov props go on chain for the community to vote on whether or not we move forward with. the reason why we're doing that is because, ultimately overclock is the stewards of the funds for these proposals. It's easier for Scott to manage this. That's essentially why we're doing it in two different ones instead of one here's the full 2025 outlook. We're going to put in two separate proposals each with their own Q1 kind of activity number that people can kind of individually review and vote on. So, that's how it'll work. And then I just put in some final thoughts on this.

Adam Wozney: Ultimately, I've messaged this is not a perfect science. activities, community events, hackathons, you do your best in forecasting results, but ultimately it's really just depends on community involvement and kind of what happens when we execute these different initiatives, but we're going to do our best to report out successes and failures depending on how these things progress. so that's Any questions on the support proposal?  It's a lot to review, I know. So, once this is live on GitHub discussions, spend time going through it. Make your notes. if you love it, which I hope you do because this definitely spent a long time putting this together. let people know inside of GitHub, be like, "This is a great proposal. Really like, the navigators aspect."

Adam Wozney: or this is really great, but I think the Vanguard's aspect could be improved upon. You can definitely throw that into GitHub. because there's a lot to review in a call right now, but I did want to cover this and see if there's any person live feedback that you guys had. And that's it. unless there's any other questions about that proposal, we can move on to the other two agenda items from Ben and Network Punk. But any other questions on that? I think we're All Ben, let's hear about your community proposal. I know you shared it with me maybe a week or two ago and I'd left some feedback, but I'm definitely good to get the community's involvement here.

Adam Wozney: So, I'll let you take it away.

Benjamin B: Let's do it.

Benjamin B: I'm going to share a link in the chat for everyone who is not familiar of the program at all to take a look at. And I'm also sharing my screen. All right, I'm just going to go through this really quickly now. basically me and a few other insiders and vanguards noticed that we can get more involved we have higher ambitions than what we're currently doing. and we tried to figure out different problems we could work at and also marketing stuff that we want to start doing.

Benjamin B: the reason to why we started this is mostly because of that but also because of some great new features being released on the network. we really believe that Akosh is super close to being marketed to the masses. we think that the new CD tool that is released on console as along with the credit card integration really makes it possible for any web developer to get started using a kosh and we have a bunch of things that we want to do here.


### 00:30:00

Benjamin B: we have links to this page everywhere and here are just some examples of what we want to do with this proposal. So these results are basically what can be totally expected from this proposal except the ones marked in orange.  These are what we want to budget for, but we're not going to guarantee to have a successful proposal. the average hourly pay is currently 22 USD per hour. because currently we're doing a lot of the work for free because we don't want to charge when we don't have guarantees backing us.

Benjamin B: You can see a bunch of tabs here at the bottom. And you can see more details on what we want to include. the experimental task list is just these things is what we want to do, but we're not sure if we're going to actually complete.  So, all of these are currently zero USD per hour, but we're expecting to be able to do most of these anyways. here we also want access to a marketing budget to allow us to complete some of these tasks.

Benjamin B: And one thing I quickly want to mention is also that the Reddit support just like Adam mentioned might go into the Vanguard's proposal. So we're not quite sure yet if we can put this in our proposal yet or what we'll do with this. But we're going to put this proposal up on the discussions page soon and we will have this resolved before that.

Adam Wozney: Cool. Thank you,…

Benjamin B: Everyone from the team is here to answer questions it looks like. So if you have any questions just throw them away now.

Adam Wozney: Ben. only I guess my quick question that came to top of mind for me. I know you've covered this with me and you put in some of my feedback which I think is awesome. question. I'm trying to figure out how to word my question. when you developed this, was there anything that you thought was like is this really spawning from you think things are missing in general from Akasha's marketing?  Is that kind of where this comes from or is this just something you've always thought about or you and the other folks building this out wanted to get involved in AOS marketing initiatives.

Benjamin B: That's a good question. I think that some of the parts where marketing is concerned on a course is lacking a bit. So as you're aware, we haven't really sponsored anyone. And if we were to sponsor a larger creator in the tech niche, we would be able to get a lot of views and a lot of users at once.  And this is not something that has been experimented with at all in the past. we've had some smaller creators make their videos. We've had web free YouTubers making their videos, but we haven't really had any of the larger normal web 2 developers making videos on a course yet.

Benjamin B: And we think that can bring in a lot of users now that we don't really need to have the web free niche on console. Did that answer your question or was there more parts of it?

Adam Wozney: I think that's good. I think including in this maybe making a mention of through your community involvement you notice that there's elements of marketing that are missing or that can be improved upon. I think maybe highlighting those opportunities.  So, if you see something on a competitor's Twitter, for example, you're like, " these guys are actively doing this and they're getting a lot of traction. I think this is something we need to do." Maybe like even putting in an example link to those things. highlighting, like we mentioned Reddit or YouTube, you're like, " we haven't posted or a blog post even like we haven't posted.


### 00:35:00

Adam Wozney: It'd be great to post monthly blogs because it increases highlight those things and put in links saying here's where I see certain elements of Aasha's marketing lacking and here's how I think this proposal will improve upon it. I think that could be a beneficial thing to kind of discuss in the GitHub. Just thinking out loud here for sure.

Benjamin B: I like that idea. Thank you. Does anyone else have any questions or…

Benjamin B: feedback? …

Adam Wozney: Only question I have,…

Adam Wozney: when do you plan on putting this onto GitHub discussions?

Benjamin B: as long as we can get some more information on the Reddit support in the Vanguard channel, I think we're going to be ready to post it this week.

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: Feel free. So, on the Reddit thing, that's just something I've been thinking about. There's nothing set in stone on Feel free to include Reddit in here because I think this could be something that could be beneficial just to be kind of managed outside of the Vanguards. because I mean, ultimately, Vanguards are really for technical support on Discord, responding to questions, just making sure questions are getting answered. And Reddit is really like a long form communication tool.  And the community is definitely different than it the community would be on Discord or on Telegram for example, which Telegram is stream of consciousness. so I feel free to I would and my suggestion and it's up to you how you want to do it. I think it's totally cool to include a Reddit strategy in here. so yeah, I think that's fine.

Adam Wozney: The reason why I was asking when you want to put this up is so there's an events gov prop that is up that I know Amanda put up for sponsoring a Kos representation at events in 2025. she put that up last week. I was going to put this gov prop up last week but because she put hers up I wanted to wait. So I'm planning on putting the ecosystem support proposal up today.  So, if you can wait until I think you actually probably want to make some updates to this anyways before you put this live, I would maybe try to get some other people's opinions and thoughts in the meantime. definitely reach out to Zach. I think Zach is going to have a lot to say about this because he's the one that ultimately looks at a very high level at a marketing and he has a very prescriptive idea and what kind of makes sense for the brand and all of that stuff.

Adam Wozney: So, before putting this live, I would try to get his thoughts if you haven't. but also other community members. But ultimately, I would say if I put mine up today, which I'm planning, if you leave it alone for a week, I would say next week could be a good time to potentially put this up. But again, it's really up to you. This is just kind of putting out my thoughts.

Benjamin B: Yeah, this is a lot to take in. Okay, let's start with the Reddit thing. So, I think …

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Benjamin B: if you want to include Reddit support sometime in the Vanguard's program, maybe we can start with it in this program as a Q1 effort and maybe phase it out later. So, we're duct taping it with this program for now, and maybe later it won't be needed. for the reaching out to Sack, I tried to do it, but he hasn't, responded yet. I think he's been quite busy. There's been quite a lot of campaigns being posted recently and a lot of meetings.

Adam Wozney: For this I would just give him a deadline saying,…

Benjamin B: 

Adam Wozney: "Hey, I've gotten as much community feedback I can from this. My goal is to get this into GitHub discussions." And give them a date. if I'm not able to set up a time with you before then that you shouldn't have to I think it's important to give people as much time to set these things up but I'm not sure how often you've reached out to them but I mean if it's two weeks or three weeks from your initial outreach to anyone myself included and you're not getting a response then you have to move forward things happen and you just got to kind of move forward so push as hard as you can to set

Adam Wozney: that call.

Rodri R: I was going to say he's in Canada right now.

Adam Wozney: I know he's at Nurups this week. yeah. Yeah. So, this week might be tough for him for sure. And I'm not sure when you reached out to him before, but yeah, I would try to at least set up a call with him to kind of discuss this before getting on chain or not on chain, up to GitHub discussions.  But if you first reached out to him a couple weeks ago, then that's not on Cool.


### 00:40:00

Benjamin B: Yeah, I have been speaking to at least one validator and gotten some good feedback as well. So I think even if I don't get response I think I have to move forward. I think that maybe it would be good to have the discussion out either maybe on Friday or Sunday or wait, never mind. If I post it next week, there is time for the proposal.

Benjamin B: Scratch that idea. So, yeah, anytime next week should be fine and we can still put the proposal up at the

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I think a good for me,…

Adam Wozney: if it was me, I would say a good time frame for anyone to give additional feedback is if you tell them my goal is to put this up live for discussion by end of week next week, Friday, just so people are "Okay, by Friday this is going to go up.  I have to give my feedback by then. Otherwise, it's going to live and I think that's the good opportunity. Otherwise, they're just going to have to wait to give their feedback for when the discussion is live. You know what I mean? Whether it's anyone that wants to give feedback. So, I would just have a timeline of that. It's good to have that timeline, Cool.

Adam Wozney: But yeah, for folks that do want to give additional feedback to Ben, how would you like people to do that before this is live? Do you want them just to reach out to you on Discord?

Benjamin B: either reaching out to anyone from the team on discord.

Benjamin B: Everyone is mentioned on this page down here.

Benjamin B: So I believe that most of these names are accurate on this as well. Robert's name is maybe not accurate. I think he's Del Ray on Discord. I'm not totally sure, but otherwise these are accurate and…

Adam Wozney: Got it.

Benjamin B: via DMs. You can also reach out by just writing in the SIG community channel and we'll be able to see anything there.

Adam Wozney: And my last question is have you already shared this link in the SIG community channel or…

Adam Wozney: have you not yet?

Benjamin B: I think I did it la last week.

Benjamin B: I've done it at least.

Adam Wozney: I see it now. Okay, cool. I would maybe post it again today and say, "Hey, we discussed this in a SIG call. if anybody has any thoughts, let me know. My plan is to put it up by this date and then that's probably the best you can do…

Benjamin B: Awesome. Thank you so much,…

Adam Wozney: because you're giving people as much time to kind of give you feedback before this live onto GitHub discussions as possible that way. I think that's a good plan of attack like a timeline and here's the proposal where it stands today for additional feedback for sure.

Benjamin B: I'll stop sharing my screen now and anyone who wants to reach out after, just feel free to do so.

Adam Wozney: Cool. …

Benjamin B: we have a question.

Adam Wozney: Andrew, go for it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hi guys. So yeah, hey Ben. So we've talked about this prop on the S community discord. So I don't have questions to the support. I think this is pretty valuable and it's needed stuff especially for Twitter. I have questions more on the marketing side basically because of the matrix. So it' it's not like I'm against something just like for you to think.  So I think that 300k views for YouTube sponsorship videos is not a m metric for a technical stuff right.  So if it's a good stuff like 300k views for a retail investors.

Andrew Gnatyuk: is a good stuff that you can share on Twitter and say hey this influencer got a 300k views but for a technical side how are you planning to track new users on the console from the influencer let's just I'm thinking out loud now

Benjamin B: Yeah, I haven't had time to incorporate that fully in the docs yet, but we will try to reach out to the console team and get a tracking link so we can at least track how many people are clicking through the description.  Besides that, it's not really possible to track it any better than that, I think, because some people will just go to console themselves and you can't force people to force themselves into being tracked other than the referral links.


### 00:45:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: And also for again I will just repeat my thought out loud just to put forot. so when you are planning to do the Twitter threads or Reddit post or medium blog post the thing like I would like to see is how are you measuring that this post has a success. For example you created a great great blog right?  It's deep technical. It has instructions and etc etc. And this is really awesome. But if people doesn't use it or doesn't have retweet it or actually it's not usable for others than you like how will you measure that this post is success and this one doesn't that

Benjamin B: That's a good question. I made a Reddit post last week just posting one of the core teams announcements from Twitter and I have still not been able to see the statistics for that and it's been four or five days. So I'm not sure really how to track views on Reddit if that information doesn't get available soon.  If that information gets available, that can be tracked for sure. But I'm not sure how to guarantee anything. On Twitter, you can easily see likes, you can see views, reposts, everything like that. On Reddit, you can see likes, but even then, they don't really show the exact number of likes because they don't want the likes to be botted. So, I will think of this.

Benjamin B: Thanks for putting it out loud, but I'm not sure of the best way to track it…

Andrew Gnatyuk: You got it. Thanks.

Benjamin B: if the information is not yet available at least for Reddit.

Adam Wozney: Any other questions for All right, then I think we can move on to our final agenda item, Network Punk, on the minting and trading NFTs on Stargaz. Yeah, love to hear your thoughts on what you're thinking there.

Network Punks: Hi guys. my name is  I am NFT artist and also the artist behind network parts which is a PFP collection of pure ASI art which really relates to networking hardware terminal CLI all those kind of things and we want to be minting in  and trading an AKT on Stargaz and become the first collection that does this.

Network Punks: but therefore we need to meet Stargaz criteria which is adding liquidity to start stardex and this is where the proposal is going to be about. so yeah let me just share my screen and I'll also share the link because we've written up the proposal talked to a few other community members tried to reach out to the core team which are not that responsive except for Amanda we talked to Caleum from Aash Insiders from Aash Alpha to get this thing

Network Punks: going and the way he suggested this to us was to go to governance and to the community proposals. so that's why I'm here as well now. I've shared the links to go to a Google document which contains our proposal. and I'll share it on the screen as well. so the main proposal is enabling 25K in dollar equivalent of Akash and stars to allow trading and minting in that token. I think it really can help drive culture and engagement.


### 00:50:00

Network Punks: and then through network punks as being the first to provide a visual embodiment of deepen culture. which is also part of Akash we want to make it bigger than just Akash but have Akash as the frontr runner the most decentralized and best project that's currently doing deep pin in our teams and my honest opinion we want to build a home for all stakeholders which contribes team members if they wanted to, just NFT enthusiasts, service providers, developers, and really build a unique culture here.

Network Punks: this also allows to take holder snapshots like they're currently doing with Celestine slots which is the NFT and visual environment of the modular ecosystem. and I think so far deep doesn't have any NFT related culture around them. so I think utilizing that opportunity with Akash can really boost culture within the ecosystem. so that's why we're trying to get this proposal up and running. So how are we going to do this?

Network Punks: and why should we be the first collection to do this? is that with our current strengths our team is comprised of people that have been in the space for more than three to four years. I am a successful artist on Stargaz as well.  I built Pixel Wizards which has done really well in the bare market. we have great connections with a lot of people with Bat Kids, Lasting Slots, Mad Scientist and many more communities that are already thriving in and beyond Stargaze which can also help bring those people over to the Akash community and get them excited as well.

Network Punks: And we have a launch ready collection with some minor tweaks can make it a perfect fit for people that want to do something cool with their PFP. so yeah I think this outlines the proposal. you can read all the descriptions.  The things that are in yellow, I've just added them as additional notes, which I took from you, Adam, which is, good to highlight. and we love to get some feedback on it and, move this thing forward.

Adam Wozney: Thank you. I want to call you by your actual name. Do you want to share your real name or should I just keep calling you network punks?

Network Punks: Or you can call me Bernie.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Bernie, for that.

Network Punks: No problem.

Adam Wozney: I'll be completely transparent. I think I want to hear from maybe more folks on this call than myself. I am not going to proclaim to be an expert in NFT culture. I hadn't really messed with NFTTS in a while, so I don't really have much feedback. The only thing I can think of is a good first step bringing here kind of letting people know that you're building out this prop. if it's possible to maybe even make this doc publicly available, just open for comments. You can maybe post this doc in the SIG community channel and say, "Hey, if you have comments, thoughts, feedback, leave it here."

Adam Wozney: and then over the course of, the next week or two, let people know what your timeline is for when you'd want to put this into GitHub discussions for the greater community to kind of leave feedback. ultimately, one thing I've noticed since we started doing these GV props, really two years ago, is I see a lot of gov props go into GitHub and then nobody responds to it at all.  And I think a lot of that is because people just didn't know that this proposal was being developed. So a lot of the folks that are contributing joining this call or hanging out in the SIG community channel and Discord don't even leave feedback. And that's generally a bad sign just because if you do this, no feedback happens. You put it on chain, no one's going to know what this is and they're immediately going to be like, "Nope, I don't like it."


### 00:55:00

Adam Wozney: So the opportunity to get more people to contribute to your idea and through feedback is beneficial long term to getting a proposal to pass.  So, I would recommend if you're comfortable with it, making this doc or maybe making a copy of it, making it open for public comment, maybe not to edit the page, but just to comment on certain sections, and then taking that feedback, adjusting your proposal, and then sharing it, saying proposal's been updated. if there's no other feedback, I'm going to put it into GitHub discussions and then making sure you're promoting that in the SIG community channel saying that it's open for discussions and then taking it from there. But giving people timelines, I would say that's important, too, just to make sure that people know that, next week, this is going to go live on to discussion, so I want to make sure I get my feedback in before that.

Adam Wozney: And then once it's on the GitHub discussion saying my plan is to incorporate your all's feedback by this date, at which point it will live on chain for a governance proposal to see if this can get funded. So that's really the only pieces of feedback I can give you is open this up to public proposal feedback on SIG community channel and then putting in timelines on when you plan on doing certain things and…

Adam Wozney: when so people are aware of your general strategy. Totally. Mhm.

Network Punks: Yeah, cool.

Network Punks: Sounds good. Yeah, this is the first time we open it up to a wider audience. we've been taking it inside with some established community founders like the Telegram group with Sith Lord and yeah also with Kaylin from a cash alpha and some other folks. that are also more into the spice section of the community. so yeah we're going to blow this thing wide open and receive feedback from all sources.

Network Punks: that are willing to yeah, so we're just excited to get this thing going. we know how to do it and get people to actually vote on stuff. so I think that will be something that we can do as well. yeah.

Network Punks: I want to close off with a small video if that's fine with you. just about the collection just to showcase what we've built so far.

Adam Wozney: Sure.

Adam Wozney: Go for it. We have one minute left and then I'm going to have to jump off. So, go for it.

Network Punks: Okay. Let me open it up full screen. It's short. It's 10 seconds.

Network Punks: Okay, now it's going on repeat. so yeah, this has been the collection. These art pieces are as key art. So everything you can like the entire image you can write with your keyboard. which going to be really cool. took a lot of time to get this working but happy to get it done for a cash.

Network Punks: Got some jackal trades, some Akash hoodies. So yeah, excited to bring NFTs to Akash.

Adam Wozney: Very cool.

Adam Wozney: Cool, I appreciate thanks for sharing that. we're just at time. This has been a pretty big community sid call. So, thank you guys for joining this. Thank you, Ben and I already forgot your name,…

Adam Wozney: Ben. Bernie, for going through network punks.

Network Punks: Yeah. …

Network Punks: my video is on. I know.

Adam Wozney: If you have any additional questions for myself, for head over to the SIG community chat inside of Discord. Ben and Bernie, definitely share any links to any of your proposal stuff inside of that channel. tag people that you want to make sure that you get their feedback on. and make sure you put in timelines on when you plan on making these proposals go live onto GitHub discussions and then ultimately live on chain for voting. But with that, I want to thank you guys for joining this final SEG community call of 2024 and we'll see you all in 2025.

Benjamin B: Thank you

Adam Wozney: Thanks, guys.

Network Punks: See you.

Rodri R: Thank you guys. Bye.

Network Punks: See you around. Thanks, sir.


### Meeting ended after 00:59:45 👋

