# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Events and engagement planning for 2025.
- Community programs overview and updates.
- Governance proposal results and impact.
- Open floor for feedback and new ideas.
  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, January 14, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://p43vimej7j2tgtly3mbpdtnekobjmwwqwdw6gx655zgb3ganz3yq.arweave.net/fzdUMIn6dTNNeNsC8c2kU4KWWtCw7eNf3e5MHZgNzvE)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney  
- Amanda Keay  
- Tyler Wright  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- Bo Belmer  
- Rodri R  
- Jannick H  
- Damir Simpovic  
- Scott Hewitson  
- Other community members  

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** welcomed attendees and shared his self-assessment for the less-than-ideal promotion of the meeting due to the start of the year.
- Set the tone for 2025, emphasizing a focus on improvement and more impactful initiatives.

### Key Updates and Discussions
#### **Events and Engagement Planning**
- **ETHDenver and Nvidia GTC:** 
  - Focus on increasing Akashâ€™s presence at these events by partnering with local organizers for targeted community meetups.
  - Objectives include leaving a lasting impact in event regions through local relationships.
  - Encouraged attendees to suggest local groups or organizers for potential partnerships.
- **Event Submission Process:**
  - **Amanda Keay** emphasized the importance of evaluating events for alignment with Akash's objectives.
  - Proposed establishing an events working group to assess and prioritize events shared by community members.

#### **Community Programs Overview**
- **Vanguards:** 
  - Focus on technical support and engagement in Discord and Telegram.
  - Current: 10 Vanguards; potential to scale to 14 based on need.
- **Ring Masters:**
  - Local event organizers with 9 currently signed up.
  - Goals for Q1: 14 events globally, spanning regions like Israel, Brazil, Ukraine, and Sweden.
- **Navigators:**
  - Split into junior and senior navigators, focusing on onboarding new projects to Akash.
  - Pilot phase with 9 participants actively assisting with deployments and integrations.
- **Alchemists:**
  - Educational content creators for AkashEdu.
  - Current progress: 3 contributors developing new courses.
  - Goal: Expand AkashEdu to 15 courses by year-end.
- **Hackathons:**
  - Discussion on refining guidelines for sponsored and owned hackathons to ensure transparency and community involvement.
- **Bounties:**
  - Encouraged the community to propose ideas through SIG calls and GitHub for funding consideration.
- **Community Events:** 
  - Allocated budget for events that coincide with Akash-sponsored activities. Focus on building long-term relationships in event regions.

### Governance Proposal Impact
- The **2025 Community Support Governance Proposal** passed successfully:
  - Enabled funding and resourcing for the programs and initiatives outlined above.
  - Initiated plans for increased transparency and structured feedback mechanisms for community contributions.

### Open Floor for Questions and Ideas
- **Rodri R:** Proposed lightweight support for community members attending events on behalf of Akash (e.g., QR codes, T-shirts).
- **Bo Belmer:** Followed up on Insider application and requested a one-on-one call with Adam Wozney to discuss involvement.
- **Tyler Wright:** Suggested adding SIG community updates to Akashâ€™s project board for greater transparency. Adam acknowledged the idea but noted it might be overkill for the current structure.

### Closing Remarks
- **Adam Wozney** reiterated the importance of community feedback and active participation in shaping Akashâ€™s future.
- Encouraged community members to use Discord channels and GitHub discussions to propose ideas and initiatives.
- Set expectations for the next SIG call to include updates from individual program participants.

## Action Items
- **Adam Wozney:** Follow up on Bo Belmerâ€™s Insider application and continue refining hackathon and bounty guidelines.
- **Amanda Keay:** Develop an events working group to evaluate and prioritize event participation.
- **Tyler Wright:** Support Amanda in planning the events working group.
- **Community Members:** Share feedback on GitHub and Discord, suggest events, and participate in program updates.
- **Ring Masters:** Submit plans and updates for Q1 events in their respective regions.

## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Love people.

Damir Simpovic: Hello good sir.

Adam Wozney: Look who it is. Just the OGs joining the SIG monthly community call. I feel like I did more a piss poor job of promoting this one this week, but I'm still getting up to speed from the new year. So, get off my case. All right, guys. Just get off my case.

Rodri R: It's still early in January.

Adam Wozney: right, we're halfway through the month. wait till February and We'll be back on our normal clip. January is just the lost month. It's basically 12 months it's Don't believe it.  January is for being a mess up, a screw up, dropping the ball, just being a mess. So, feel free to be a mess this month. February though, I want you guys back in the Mining can mine AKT, So, let's give it another minute. I think I made announcements. let me make a quick announcement in the Discord channel. Let people know we're kicking this thing off.

Adam Wozney: One second. Copy that. Kind of want to do an at everyone post on Discord. I feel so rebellious. Should I do it, guys? Do you think I just do it?

Scott Hewitson: Do it.

Adam Wozney: I think I'm gonna do it.

Scott Hewitson: Don't be scared.

Adam Wozney: This is going to be crazy.

Jannick H: Yeah, it's a community discord,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: Don't be scared.

Jannick H: so it's appropriate,â€¦

Jannick H: I would say. Yeah.

Adam Wozney: I would agree with you.

Adam Wozney: That's everyone s.

Amanda Keay: to quote the other guys.

Amanda Keay: Don't think, just go do your first desk clap.

Adam Wozney: All right. Sinity. â€¦

Amanda Keay: God.

Adam Wozney: All Im doing I'm so scared. I did it. no. looks like Andrew is trying to join. Let's get him in here. Mitch. All right. we're getting some people in. All it takes is an add everyone post. I'm telling you, we should do that for everything from now on. let me get my notes ready. I'll start recording here in another minute or so.

Adam Wozney: I know Amanda has to jump, so I might move up an events agenda item to a little bit higher in the order. One second. what's going on here? I see. Maybe that'll do it. There we go. to all. Now we're getting some folks in here. Very exciting. I see one new face, maybe more. I can't really see everyone that's in the call right now. welcome Forbes Analos. You're a new face. Stoked that you're here. Join every one of these calls because this is the best call of the month.

Rodri R: or a new PFP.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Actually, Rodri, I've been meaning to ask, where did you get your PFP? You've had that thing forever.

Rodri R: I found it in a forum 20 years ago.

Adam Wozney: Okay,â€¦

Rodri R: I've used it Yeah.

Adam Wozney: that works because I see it and I'm like I immediately know who it is. you could blank out your name and I know who's going to be there.

Rodri R: for a very long time. Yeah.

Adam Wozney: Keep it up. Don't change a thing. It looks just like Let me start recording this and we'll kick things off. recording. Wow, it's not letting me select a language. That's interesting.

Adam Wozney: It's already recording. Classic CL. Like I told you,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: It's already recording.

Scott Hewitson: It's January,â€¦

Adam Wozney: It's January.

Scott Hewitson: It's January.

Adam Wozney: January is the screw up month. You can drop the ball. I had no idea it was recording. Glad I didn't say anything crazy. Did I delete this quick? All right. Before we get into our normal routine, wanted to see if anyone had any agenda items.  And just for folks that are new and just as a refresher because it's been over a month since we've done our last SIG community call, the purpose of the SIG community call is to discuss support and manage AOS community initiatives. Think a lot of the things that we go through governance. Think a lot of the things that community members themselves put on or are looking for support with. that's the purpose of this call. If you have ideas on ways that we can kind of grow this ecosystem together, this is the call for you.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: I would say it's the second most important special interest group call of all these calls. Number one still has to be the steering committee call because everyone's on that. All the big dogs, everyone can kind of jump in. It's an opportunity to kind of connect with people and see which way the wind is blowing inside of the AOS ecosystem. But this is number two. So if you're in this call, good for but before we get into any agenda items from you guys here? Anything you want to make sure we speak now or forever hold your peace. All right, we got one from Mr. Rodri.

Adam Wozney: Go for it.

Rodri R: I shared some events in the events channel.

Rodri R: Just wondering,â€¦

Adam Wozney: Got it.

Rodri R: guessing there won't be more events, but the ones that got approved in the proposal

Adam Wozney: I moved up events chat because I know Amanda has to jump off the call a little early. So we'll cover the events portion of my agenda here first and I'll include the event that you shared in there. We can discuss it. let me put this here. Is that okay? any other agenda items people want to make sure that we cover? going twice, and that's it. Cool. So, I moved up events to be the first item of the day just because Amanda, like I mentioned a minute ago, has to jump off in about 20 minutes or so.

Adam Wozney: Currently you guys probably have all seen the proposal that Amanda has so eloquently put together. It's inside of Discord right now in the Discord discussions. I'll hand it to Amanda here in a second, but this is very high level. I know she's working on getting it prepped for going on chain. Did GitHub discussions. Did I say something Screw up January. So, I apologize.

Scott Hewitson: You said this

Amanda Keay: You just said GitHub or Okay.

Adam Wozney: I said Discord. it's script January. It's okay. We can get away with it. It's on GitHub. So, go check it out. If you have any final thoughts or feedback, now is the time because it's going to go on chain very soon. and then from there, it will be voted on and fingers crossed it will pass and then we can start crushing a lot of Inerson events. and I'll let Amanda cover that in a little bit here. But, the two big events that, are focused on right now is ETH Denver, which is about a little over a month away, and Nvidia GTC.

Adam Wozney: The only thing I'm going to mention on the ETH Denver side of things is as a part of my governance proposal that we recently voted on. I've included a new kind of line item around partnering with local community organizers. So the idea behind this is a lot of times last year for example Amanda and team while I went to a bunch of events in different parts of the world. We went there we had a lot of overclock and AOS representation.  We did an amazing job kind of introducing people to Akos. but the biggest problem was I think it was mostly focused on people that were coming in for the event and then we just kind of left. So the idea behind this and it's something I've done before is when we have a large AOS presence in a certain region, Denver for example, for Denver, I want to find local community groups that we can partner with. And the purpose for that is twofold.

Adam Wozney: One is local community groups always have problems trying to find content for their meetups because you think about it all year round probably it's maybe a small city there's not a lot of crypto people or maybe a lot of cloud or AI people they're kind of scratching trying to find people to host or put on an event. So why not while we're in town give them some content for their community. So that's  Part two is I want to leave a lasting impact. So that way once we leave we essentially have our flag in the ground in the local region for future events or for any sort of partnership opportunities or integrations opportunities or whatever it might be. we have someone that we can reach out to and say hey saw something's happening in Denver. Wanted to see if you could introduce us to someone or they can reach out to us and say hey I have a great opportunity with a local project maybe Aos wants to get involved.

Adam Wozney: So, that's the purpose of this. I've been reaching out to local Denver meetup organizers. I have a call on Friday with one and I have a couple other contacts from previous adventures in Denver that I'm trying to connect with. So, hopefully I can put together a very lightweight sponsored local meetup that'll be around a kosh for a local community while we're in Denver for Denver. So, I wanted to call that out.  So, if anyone here has any contacts in Denver or of any Meetup groups they're familiar with, just send me a me on Discord and we can go from there. So, wanted to call that very quickly out. That's something I'm hoping to do maybe three or four times throughout this year. We have a very small budget item and it is something that I do have budget for an insider to help represent.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: and my idea behind that is actually have an insider go and give presentation on AOS for these local meetup organizers. So just wanted to call that out TBD and if it happens we need to confirm it. We'll see. But if you're interested in getting involved in that send a message in the s community channel. and then maybe very quickly let's go to Rodri before we go to Amanda where if you have any general highle updates on the  Roger, what was your event that you shared inside of the events working group channel in Discord? Let's

Rodri R: Man, I shared 10 I think. just ideas that maybe Akash could benefit from having a presence there. I know there's one in Amsterdam in March and there's a few in Germany and then a few I think in Belgium. there are some people from the Cosmos Eco and who are validators here in the posthuman team that's going to be presenting there. they're actually starting a new chain soon. So they're going to be running more stuff on Akash Akash and yeah all just ideas that maybe some people could attend there. Some of them

Adam Wozney: maybe and this is a perfect time to bring in Amanda, how should we go about this because it's something I've been thinking about as similarly to last year, if you guys remember, people were hitting us up on sponsoring hackathons. and we really didn't have hackathon sponsorship budget at the time. Now we do. It's part of the current proposal that passed. So, we do have some of that. So, we can kind of go through checks and balances on getting budget for supporting local hackathons.

Adam Wozney: But similarly for events. So right now we have the events proposal that Amanda's put together with here are the events that the community has reviewed and thought would be of value for a kash representation but that's just really scratching the surface. There's so many events and obviously we can't go to all of them but I think community folks like Rodri I think I've seen Pyra before throw in some different upcoming events that might be interesting for us to attend. How should we go about figuring out how we can kind of get involved or not get involved? I don't know. I'm just kind of throwing up this as an idea.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, I think Can you guys hear me?

Adam Wozney: Yeah. I want to get your thoughts, Amanda.

Amanda Keay: I don't see my bubble. Okay, it's blue. I'd like to potentially do an events working group. I think that would be beneficial. in our proposal, I do have 150,000 which is an overage budget which is for just that.  So, it's the events that we look or we deem are valuable for the company realistic I mean we probably not going to be attending NFT conferences sadly it's not something that we're going to be doing but if it looks like it's supposed to be a decent things someone reached out to me today and was like hey there's this AI conference happening in London in March and it's like okay I'll put that on my list of potentials but I still think

Amanda Keay: It's something that we can probably go over. Roger, you posted 15 different ones which are all good and I did see them. but yeah, just trying to figure out which ones are potentially in that overage category. I think would be good to potentially do a working group for that. So Tyler, I'll talk to you about that. I think that would be good. get the community involved in that process and figure out which events are potentials because Adam said there's five conferences at any given point happening and there's a lot that goes into going to a conference we have to decide whether or not we're going to send people if we're going to have merch if we're going to have the marketing around it. So there is a lot to think about.

Amanda Keay: But if it looks like a worthwhile and a worthwhile event,â€¦

Adam Wozney: Any questions about that, Rodri?

Amanda Keay: then definitely it's something that we're always considering since we have that overage budget. So, thank you for dropping that. I'll put all those into my spreadsheet of potential events.

Rodri R: No, all good. That's what I tried. Yeah, just I mean some people are close to those events. They're many take place around the same week.


### 00:15:00

Rodri R: So yeah I mean yeah if it's potential benefit I'm guessing someone could go over there do a conference or to be general.

Adam Wozney: That's something I've been thinking about as well.

Adam Wozney: Besides just the insider community which right now we're around 45 insiders. some folks are just general community members. and I'm guaranteeing a handful of those individuals go to events that are listed as events that we're sponsoring or attending or have any representation at. There's got to be a way to kind of give some lightweight support to those individuals. I don't think it has to be financial support. if people are really serious about representing AOS, it could be something as simple as okay, they've been a community member for a while. We can see they're active on our Discord or on Telegram.

Adam Wozney: they're advocates of Akos and what we're doing, whether they're technical or why not send them a coupon code for a t-shirt that they can wear at the event and maybe something that they can hand out to say here's a QR code for example, Rodri, if you go to the NFT event, while it has really nothing to do with the Kosh, we're not really in the NFT game, there's still crypto people there. And if somebody sees an a shirt or you're talking to someone at an after event and you're like, " yeah, I'm an insider.  I'm a Vanguard. I do all these things at Akos. You should check them out. Having some sort of QR code to be check it out. And then we can see they did a bunch of cool stuff for us. Maybe we can like an affiliates program of I don't know. Just kind of spitballing ideas. There's got to be a way to support lightweight individuals that are going to events or we have a big representation at. I don't know what it looks like. It's just something to think about.

Adam Wozney: Maybe that's a good working group events working group discussion point. but I'm just thinking out loud here.

Rodri R: That's totally what I was thinking as well. similar to what we did two years ago in Paris, we were visiting side events and we were wearing a Kaj swag and talking to people andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Yep.

Rodri R: just by wearing one of the Kaj's shirt, people come over and ask and ask about it. Thank you, sir.

Adam Wozney: Absolutely. So, yeah, I'm sure there's something we can do there, but let's put that as a agenda item for the events working group call. And Amanda, I'm happy to help with that, too, you need help setting it up or if you want to do whatever. I'm sure Tyler I'm volunteering Tyler, too, because he's the SIG mastermind.

Amanda Keay: I'm already in Tyler's DMs.

Adam Wozney: There it is. just like that. not everything screw up January, but that's a good one. But other event stuff, anything else you want to cover around ETH Denver or Nvidia or any of the other other upcoming events that you have kind of planned out? Amanda merch.

Amanda Keay: Not at the moment. My brain is swimming. I'm up to my head deep in quotes for merch. So, it's been a day, but yeah, we're a swag company now apparently.

Adam Wozney: I think I normally don't do this.

Adam Wozney: I normally save this for very special occasions with the insiders,â€¦

Amanda Keay: Heat.

Adam Wozney: but I was pretty stoked when Amanda sent this off. And so I want to just quickly share this. I'm share an image here. Give me one second. I don't know why this isn't Save image. I can't save it. here we go. Okay, give me one second, guys. okay, beautiful. Now I can share. So, for ETH Denver, Amanda shared a mockup of what our booth is going to look like. I'm going to share this with the insiders, too, because that's usually something I only share with insiders, but most of these people on this call are insiders. So, a couple people are getting a little extra. This is what the ETH Denver booth is proposed to look like right now. I think it looks like incredible.

Adam Wozney: I did make a quick joke about who is it? This lady right here. I was like, "Who is this robot lady? I've never seen her before.

Adam Wozney: She an Akos community member. Who is this person?" so maybe she'll be there. Maybe she won't. Who knows? And this guy, too. Here.

Amanda Keay: She's Yeah,â€¦

Amanda Keay: she's the second female on the Akash community.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. We need more diversity. Let's go. and then there's this guy here too with the red bandana, the beanie. I don't trust this guy.

Adam Wozney: I hope He's a little sketchy looking. are they gonna One quick question.

Adam Wozney: Are we actually going to have these little mannequins?

Amanda Keay: We are going to have oneâ€¦

Amanda Keay: because it's hiding a shelf for us andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Got it.

Amanda Keay: also it's going to have a head because we have so much merch that we want to showcase. So, it's just a good way to see all of our merch.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: Very Cool. â€¦

Amanda Keay: Yeah, great.

Adam Wozney: yeah. I looked at the mannequins. I'm like, man, this kind of looks like I'm walking into a J crew or something. What's going on here?

Amanda Keay: I was like, "This looks like a Nike outlet." â€¦

Adam Wozney: Yeah, it's total vibe. I'm super into it. I mean, compared to last year I just whipped together get a couple banners. That's all I can do in a tablecloth. And so, you doing this is phenomenal. So, I think it looks awesome. I'm really excited for moving on. yeah.

Adam Wozney: any other event stuff before you can jump off or hang out until you have to leave.

Amanda Keay: 

Amanda Keay: no, I don't think so. not top of mind. Sorry.

Adam Wozney: Okay. No worries. Any questions for Amanda around event related activities or the working group or anything? Let me see here. It looks like blah blah blah. Nope. We're next agenda item. So, this is kind of a two-parter in a one is the governance posal, where is it? I'm trying to find it. the community programs governance proposal and the community activities governance proposal passed last week.

Adam Wozney: So, we do have budget to do all the things that I want to focus on and that we as a community have agreed upon to focus on for 2025. So, I'm pretty excited about that. the big things, as I mentioned before, it's broken down into programs and activities. So, on the program side, there's Vanguards, ring masters, navigators, alchemists, and insiders. On the activity side, there's hackathons, bounties, and community events. I spent tons of time describing what those things are. I'm not going to spend any more time describing. I think everyone here knows what they are. If you are interested in what they are, just head over to GitHub in the discussions page. You can see everything about those kind of individual program and activity points. The one thing I wanted to mention is I do want to change kind of the format of these calls specifically to highlight each one of those kind of points.

Adam Wozney: Vanguards, ring masters, alchemists, navigators, hackathons, bounties, and community events. And the reason for that is because I'm going to be spending almost all of my time focused on supporting those individual programs and activities. I want members of those activities to give update on what's happening within those community programs and activities.  So for example ring masters which is really local event organizers right now we have around five who have raised their hand saying they want to be a ring master hosting local events. I asked them last week hey how many events do you have planned for this quarter and I did some quick math and it looks like we have 14 local events being hosted by ring masters which is pretty cool.

Adam Wozney: I want those individuals to come into these calls and give updates on, what's going on within the ring masters program because I can see at a high level what's happening, but I think it's important for them to share on the ground kind of activities like what's happening when I'm not around. that also goes for Vanguards who, are really community support representatives on Discord.  I think it'd be beneficial for Vanguards to maybe not all of them, but a couple to raise their hand and say, "Hey, here's some things I've noticed within the Vanguards program that I want the community to know about. I think that's just beneficial because ultimately all of the resourcing that have come from these governance proposals are going to these individuals that are part of these programs. So, I think some accountability has to be on them to kind of showcase here's what I'm doing as a part of this resourcing."

Adam Wozney: so starting in our next SIG community call I want to prep all the different individuals that are part of those individual kind of programs and activities for a few of them to give kind of individual updates on what's happening within those programs. I can do a lot of it but I think it's important to hear from people on the ground that are actively doing these things. so that's how I see this agenda format changing a bit, but I just wanted to call that out as something going forward. If you are, a part of any of those kind of community programs that have gone through the gout prop and been approved for funding and resourcing, I'm going to be leaning on you to kind of, put in your two cents and highlight the things that you're actively working on over the previous month because I know there's things that I'm going to miss as these things kind of progress.

Adam Wozney: Any questions on kind of that new format that I've been talking about? Does it all kind of make sense? Because I see a handful of folks in this call are a part of these programs. So, I want to make sure you guys are all cool and you understand what that We're All Cool. I will this week kind of go through each one of the programs that have been approved for funding and kind of give just quick updates.  I think it's important for everyone to kind of know where these things stand. So, Vanguards, which again are community support reps on Discord, generally technical. Currently, we have 10 Vanguards. the budget for this year is up to 14. I think we're pretty good at 10 right now.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: If anyone see Amanda, if anyone feels that they're not getting questions answered or you're seeing questions not being answered in a timely fashion in Discord, that's ultimately the goal is to reduce time to people's getting their questions answered. we should add more Vanguards, but if you feel like we're good right now, which I do, I think we're going to keep it at 10. So we have 10 Vanguards currently right now. Any questions on Vanguard stuff? Nope. and ring masters again are event organizers. currently we have nine people who have signed up saying they want to be a rigmaster. Some are more engaged than others. Some people are actively hosting events. this quarter is going to be the first quarter where we have a handful of folks that are actively hosting events in different parts of the world.

Adam Wozney: So we have people in Israel, Spain, Sagal, Brazil again, Ukraine, Sweden, Argentina. So all over the world people are actively hosting events representing Akos. So currently like I mentioned we have nine if people are interested in joining the ring masters program, you have to apply to be an insider first. So head over to the website to apply. any ring masters on the call have any updates?  Do you feel like you're All right, moving on. navigators. So, as a reminder, navigators are individuals who are actively helping onboard new community members to think larger projects that need a little bit more handholding to come up with a scalable solution to the platform they're trying to deploy onto Akos.

Adam Wozney: They're working with navigators work with those individuals from figuring out how it's going to work to execution to management after it's actually deployed. Currently, we have nine people that are part of the program and it's split up into junior navigators and senior navigators just so you're aware. junior navigators are folks who are still kind of figuring it out, trying to figure out how to support individuals, figuring out how they can get people to deploy onto AOS, working with projects. And senior navigators are people who are actively working with individuals helping them to deploy onto AOS. It's kind of like a look at the junior navigator portion as kind of like the school program and then once you graduate, you become a senior navigator and that's when you're eligible for awards and all that stuff.

Adam Wozney: So, as a part of the total program, we have nine individuals. this is the first quarter that we're really, I think, focused on kind of measuring out how individuals are supporting people getting launched onto the network. So, still very much piloty, but that's kind of where the navigator stands right now. If anybody again wants to join the navigators program, you got to be an insider first. So, head over to the website and apply to be an insider.  Any questions on the navigators program where it stands right now? Nope. All right, cool. the final leg of the community programs update is And alchemists are individuals who are actively creating educational content for Akos edu, which is on our website right now.

Adam Wozney: we have three alchemists currently actively working on creating curriculum that will live inside of Akos edu forever. hopefully we can get some of those courses deployed by the end of this quarter. right now we have three courses on Akos edu, but my goal is to have 15 by the end of the year. because I think with those 15 courses, people that go and take all those courses can be I would say I don't know if I can call them a couch certified fully, but if they know how to do all this stuff, list in those courses, I think they know how to do how to deploy, how to do things on That's kind of the ultimate goal for this. So we have three people building curriculum for that. I don't think there's any alchemists on this call right now, so I don't think there's going to be any updates.

Adam Wozney: Hopefully by our next call we'll have a new course launched on Akashiu that we can kind of showcase. But for anyone again wants to be an alchemist, you got to be an insider first. So go and apply. Any questions on the alchemists? Nope. Sick. the last leg of today's agenda is back on the activities portion of the community. hackathons, that's a part of the budget that we put together. right now I'm still thinking about what our hackathon strategy looks like in terms of owned hackathons. We do have budget for sponsored hackathons.


### 00:30:00

Adam Wozney: I probably need to put together guidelines for how people can apply for those sponsorship dollars and how we can kind of go about it in a democratic way so it's not just me or someone high level in the community kind of choosing who gets the sponsorship budget. So, I'm thinking through that, but luckily we haven't had anyone hit us up yet for sponsorship funds for  So really hackathons are kind of on hold essentially until we kind of have time to put together a strategy around owned hackathons and sponsored hackathons for this year. bounties budget that really hasn't changed too much. If you're interested in getting involved in the bounties you can actually head over to GitHub and there's a bounties page. You can kind of see some current active bounties that are up.

Adam Wozney: Tyler and Scott really I don't want to call them out but they've really been on the cutting edge of how bounties have operated at Akos and I think my goal is to kind of help and organize this a little bit so there's a little bit more transparency on how budgets are created or how bounties are created there's a little bit more guidance on how people that want to do something that's beneficial to Akos can kind of request those bounty funds so I want to kind of work on that a little bit but  There's a lot of stuff going on, so it might be a little while before I can kind of get my head around it. But, that's Any questions on bounty stuff? I think we're good there. Go ahead, Ty. I knew you were going to have something.

Tyler Wright: No, I was just going to say while you fine-tune the process, if anybody has any bounty ideas, the best way to do it is by mentioning it in a SIG or working group or Discord and then starting a conversation that can then lead to, again a further conversation one of these meetings and I think that the discretion of the Seager working group can make a determination on those bounties and we have the funds.  So, until Adam continues to fine-tune the process, that's what we have in the meantime for folks to get involved and stay involved.

Adam Wozney: I'm supporting I and Scott in the guidance, the guidelines, the principles, how this is all decided because we do have budget for kind of helping grow the AOSH network and I want to make it so everyone has access to the funds that anyone else has access to. So, it's not like insider baseball I know Tai, so I can just hit him up for funds.  If you're a brand new community member, but you have a great idea, I want to make sure that everyone goes through the same process in a democratic fashion for getting access to those funds. Yeah, Scott right now, Scott's just going to get some money from Tai. This is how it works. We can't have that anymore. yeah, so that's how I'm thinking about it. Again, it might take me a little time. but for now, doing what Tai says is the way to go. last part is community events.

Adam Wozney: And I already really kind of talked about this. This is part of the activities budget. Currently I have budget allocated for five of these kind of community events that are coinciding with AOS sponsored activities. so for example, that's the most recent one. It's coming up in about a month and a half, maybe a little less now.  I've been reaching out to local meetup organizers in Denver trying to sponsor a meetup with them and have someone from Akos whether it's an insider or someone from the community or even an OCL representative to give a short presentation on Akos on DPIN for a local community and then hopefully when we leave that region we'll have someone locally that we can reach out to and say hey let's work with you or they can reach out to us for support so hopefully we can plant flags all around the world for these events.

Adam Wozney: events that we are participating in. So, that's the only real update on the community event side of things. if I can't find a local meetup group this time around, that's fine. the budget remains inside of the kind of wallet Scott's established and at the end of the year, it all goes back into the community pool So, hopefully I can use it because I think it can be beneficial. But if it doesn't work out that way,  Any questions on any of those programs or activities that I mentioned? So, finally, I was going to say the agenda, this is how I want to do it every time from now on. We're just going to go through vanguards, rig masters, navigators, alchemists, hackathons, bounties, community events, and then any other additional items that you guys want to bring to us. So, just wanted to call that out. That's the process I'm thinking I'll be doing. but yeah, any final questions, thoughts, concerns? Go ahead, Ty.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: I really like the format that you've laid out for these SIG community meetings. I was wondering if it'd be beneficial from a transparency standpoint to put it on the project board for community and marketing initiatives just as you have it. basically having a tile for each and then just updating it on a monthly basis or having people from each of those groups update on a monthly basis. So instead of there's a whole bunch of older tiles that probably should be removed or turned into completed orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: backlogged items, but just having a tile for a cash navigator, for hackathons, for all these kinds of things that you can just exact exactly.

Adam Wozney: You mean I think I say this out.

Adam Wozney: Let me share my screen just to make sure I'm right.  You mean this page like you go here and then you go here and then it would be like a new view. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: You can use the same view. I just was thinking in progress items. You can have a tile for each one of these things and they could just be tracked. Some of these items should be removed and completed or turned into stale. But I was wondering if you think it'd be advantageous.

Tyler Wright: Could you already have a clear structure and clear strategy for the quarter slashy year if it'd be like all right these are the things that I'm doing. There's a different kind of projects focuses

Adam Wozney: may yeah I think there could be benefit from it.

Adam Wozney: Vanguards there's really no need for that. ring masters could make sense because, upcoming events can be like in two months we have an event or a community members an event there. navigators could make sense too, but it's almost like doing double work for navigators. So, I'm not sure. Alchemist could make sense because that's just education.  So, it's like I've created a list of 15 courses that I want the navigators or sorry, the alchemist to kind of review and some of the alchemists are thinking up their own courses they want to create. that might be useful to have in progress for upcoming curriculum. My quick gut reaction is it's overkill. if somebody really wants to know what's going on, come and join a SIG community call or ask inside of the SIG community channel.

Adam Wozney: And if it becomes like, wow, nobody has any idea what's happening here. We need a place or there's tons of people that just need to know what's happening actively. I'm sure we could use the bounties board or the boards that you mentioned, but to be frank, I just feel like it's overkill right now. unless anybody else has other thoughts. I'm open other people's thoughts, too.  But I just feel like joining the G community call or just going to the SIG community channel on Discord and asking questions there for now is plenty. Cool.

Tyler Wright: That's good to

Adam Wozney: Any other questions, thoughts, concerns, things you guys want to highlight before we jump off and give you guys 20 minutes of your lives back going once.

Bo Belmer: Hey, hey, This is my first time hopping on a call with you guys, so thank you for hosting them. I sent an email to you as a followup to the insider,â€¦

Adam Wozney: You're sure?

Bo Belmer: I'm sorry, to the insiders program. and I was just curious if you and I could get a one-on-one chat scheduled to talk it over a little bit.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. you went through andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: applied to be an insider, you mean?

Bo Belmer: I did. Yeah. And then you had sent me an email and I sent a follow-up. It was just this morning, so there's a good chance you haven't seen it yet.

Adam Wozney: Yeah,â€¦

Bo Belmer: But I just wanted to flag it cuz I wasn't sureâ€¦

Adam Wozney: yeah, yeah. Okay. I see it.

Bo Belmer: if there were, 2,000 people in the mix or, a smaller number.

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: No, no, you're good. So, I'll follow up with you via email. I just saw your email right now. You're quick. I emailed you yesterday. so It's crypto,â€¦

Bo Belmer: Space moves fast.

Adam Wozney: Lightning speed. I know. I may not look it.

Bo Belmer: That's right. Okay.

Adam Wozney: I'm actually 107 years old in crypto years. Can you believe it? no. So, I'll follow up with you in an email, but just at a high level, right now we just added two new insiders this week.  So, I think we're at 46 total insiders in different parts of the world. in terms of applications though, we get about one application per day, so about 30 per month, and that's without any promotion. and I'm usually about two to three weeks behind in reviewing, but I had a little bit of time because of the holidays to start reviewing and reaching out to people.  I'm trying to get better at application review, but it takes a lot of time because I really try to only bring in people that are actively interested in supporting and growing personally or professionally inside of the insiders program. And a lot of communities, they just have a very automated process for applications. I'm going to call out a recent one I just saw.


### 00:40:00

Adam Wozney: I'm not going to say who the competitor is, but they have their own version of an insiders program and it's very automated and it does not like you might get a bunch of real people on there, but it's going to be bots. And this process is a lot different. People apply. I review everything, their GitHubs, their LinkedIn to see if they're active in our Discord.

Bo Belmer: Excellent.

Adam Wozney: I set up a one-on-one call with individuals that lasts about 30 minutes just to feel out if they're not bots. and then if it seems good, because the insiders program is, volunteers, I invite them in. But we keep a pretty tight grip on who is inside of the program because we don't want anyone in there that's going to be, self-s serving, that's going to be, not beneficial to other people. And also, we want people to get something out of it, we want people that join it because they're interested in growing personally and professionally alongside everyone else and getting in a community of minded individuals. That's kind of the ultimate goal, So, I just was that my quick insider soap box, but â€¦

Bo Belmer: No, I appreciate it.

Adam Wozney: long story short, I will review your email. I saw you sent a response.

Bo Belmer: Perfect. Thank you so much, Adam.

Adam Wozney: I'll get back to you probably a little bit later today and probably set up a call. Cool. For any other questions from anybody? Going once, going twice, and That is the end of today's SIG community call. You guys all get 17 minutes of your lives back. What are you going to go do? You going to go get a coffee? You going got to get a tea?

Rodri R: Substitute. Something to eat.

Adam Wozney: You gonna get some ice cream? It's really up to you. You can do whatever you want. I'm not Tyler, you're you can put your hand up. I'm not going to answer it. if you need coffee, go grab coffee. Deathless. get Rodri's down for the Tyler, go ahead. What do you want?

Tyler Wright: No, no,â€¦

Adam Wozney: I'm gonna get some lunch.

Tyler Wright: no. I didn't want anything. I just wanted to give you a hard time. So, Mr.

Adam Wozney: God, block him? Does anyone know how to block people from these calls? all right guys. thank you all for joining both. Stay tuned. I'll follow up an email. If you have any questions, concerns, comments, head over to the SIG community channel in Discord. But with that, I will end it as I always do. We'll see you in the metaverse. Is that still a term?  I don't know. I feel like we have to kill that. But we'll see you in the metaverse for now. Later, everybody.

Andrew Gnatyuk: You guys. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:42:54 ðŸ‘‹
