# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #24

## Agenda
- Updates on governance proposal structure and community programs.
- Community programs overview.
- Updates on community activities.
- Discussion on regional channels in Discord.
- Interoperability working group discussion.
  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, February 11, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)



## Participants
- **Adam Wozney**  
- **Amanda Keay**  
- **AMerePotato**  
- **B S**  
- **Damir Simpovic**  
- **Deathless**  
- **Fenil Modi**  
- **George Pro**  
- **Joao Luna**  
- **Nirmal Krishnan**  
- **Poroburu**  
- **Rodri R**  
- **Tyler Wright**  



## Meeting Notes

### **Opening Remarks**
- **Adam Wozney** welcomed attendees and reiterated the importance of community SIG calls in managing Akash's community initiatives.
- Announced structural changes in the call format to focus on the governance proposal passed at the end of 2024, specifically supporting the four community programs and three community activities.
- Opened the floor for additional **agenda items**. Tyler Wright suggested discussing governance proposals related to hackathons and community initiatives.


### **Community Programs Overview**
#### **Vanguards Support Updates**
- 10 Vanguards actively providing technical support in Discord and Telegram.
- New monthly support form tracks:
  - Most common issues: Deployment problems and console-related questions.
  - Support satisfaction: 60% satisfied, 40% very satisfied, with no dissatisfied responses.
  - Average questions handled per Vanguard: 1-5 per day.
- **Takeaway:** Community needs continued deployment assistance, and improvements in technical documentation may help.

#### **Ring Masters Program & Event Hub**
- **New Akash Community Events Page launched**.
  - Centralized hub for all **Ring Master-led events**.
  - Events currently listed include **ETHDenver meetups and local Akash events worldwide**.
  - **Next steps:** Improve event graphics and create **templates for consistency**.
- **Financial support structure**:
  - **$250 per event for logistics**.
  - **$1,000 quarterly for active event hosts**.
- **Call to Action:** Insiders interested in **hosting local meetups** should apply to **Ring Masters**.

#### **Navigators Assisting New Projects**
- Navigators assist **projects integrating with Akash**.
- **Current status**:
  - **3 senior navigators actively onboarding projects**.
  - **Several junior navigators** in training.
- Fenil Modi: Successfully onboarded Buildi, a company developing a UI for Python.
- **Future plans:** Consider creating public case studies of successful integrations.

#### **Alchemists & Educational Content**
- **Alchemists program develops Akash educational content**.
- **Current progress:**
  - **Three insiders working on new courses** for **AkashEdu**.
  - Goal: **7-8 beginner courses live by Q2 2025**.
- **Takeaway:** Those interested in **creating educational content** should join **Alchemists** via the **Insiders Program**.


### **Community Activities & Events**
#### **Hackathon Planning**
- **Akash’s first 2025 in-person hackathon** will take place **in Austin, TX** during **ETHDenver**.
- **125 developers registered**; goal is **150 attendees**.
- **Akash will serve as the compute provider** for AI-focused projects.
- **Future plans:** Expand hackathon involvement globally.

#### **Bounties Program Restructuring**
- **New bounty program manager (community insider)** tasked with **redefining Akash bounties**.
- **Current focus:**
  - Setting **clear criteria** for bounty selection.
  - Developing a **bounty board** for improved visibility.
- **Tyler Wright:** Temporary allocation of **$1,000 from the $10,000 community support budget** to **manage bounty logistics**.

#### **Community Events & ETHDenver**
- **Akash will sponsor a small ETHDenver meetup** to build relationships with **local developer communities**.
- **Goal:** Maintain long-term engagement **after the event ends**.


### **Governance Proposals & Open Discussions**
#### **Governance Proposals Under Review**
- George Pro’s Proposal: Expanding Akash developer communities in Africa.
  - **Requested feedback** from SIG members before publishing on GitHub.
- **Interoperability Working Group Proposal:**
  - Poroburu is developing an Akash-Cosmos SDK integration.
  - Suggested creating a dedicated working group in Discord.

### Regional Channels in Discord
- Discussion on opening regional/language-based channels in Discord.
- Africa channel reactivated as an experiment.
- **Criteria for keeping channels open**:
  - Daily activity required to avoid inactive channels.
  - Moderation needed to prevent spam and scams.
- **Next steps:** Evaluate Africa channel’s engagement in next month’s SIG call.

### **Closing Remarks**
- Adam Wozney encouraged attendees to:
  - Engage in Discord discussions and GitHub proposals.
  - Participate in Ring Masters, Hackathons, and Bounty Programs.
  - Help grow regional community engagement.
- **Next SIG Call:** March 2025, with updates on hackathons, bounties, and community events.

## **Action Items**
- **Tyler Wright & Adam Wozney:** Implement a regional Discord channel experiment (review engagement in March call).
- **Poroburu:** Join SIG Chain Sync Call and start an interoperability working group discussion.
- **George Pro:** Share proposal in SIG Community Discord for feedback.
- **Amanda Keay:** Finalize ETHDenver hackathon planning.
- **Bounties Team:** Launch first structured bounty board.
- **All Community Members:** Provide feedback on GitHub proposals and engage in regional channels.

## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello people.

Amanda Keay: What's

Adam Wozney: Just us three today, I guess.

Amanda Keay: I just got this new thing for my chair.

Amanda Keay: It's like a heater and neck roller. So excited.

Adam Wozney: It's a manual a massager.

Amanda Keay: Yes. Yes. nice.

Adam Wozney: That sounds pretty sick.

Amanda Keay: Tyler,…

Adam Wozney: I'm not going to lie.

Amanda Keay: are you taking this meeting from on top of a mountain?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I was about to go outside and…

Tyler Wright: just dial in, but then I'm stuck, I got too many meetings. I just want some fresh air, get some food. I didn't make it. Yeah. …

Amanda Keay: Hey, it's a nice color.

Amanda Keay: I like it.

Tyler Wright: thank you very much.

Adam Wozney: All right,…

Adam Wozney: I'm just making some announcements in the Discord channels before I kick this bad boy All right, Got some more people requesting good. Let me just pull up my notes and we will get things going. One second here. There we go. weird. What just happened? Here we go. Wow, bunch of people jumping in now. Admit All right.

Adam Wozney: All right, think we're good. Let me see some questions in the chat. Not yet. I don't know why my bring the call back here. Weird. I know we're recording, so I don't want to keep people waiting that are watching this recording. Made my announcements.  So I think we can kick things off. Thank you all for joining today's this month's community as a reminder the community SIG call is focused on discussing support and management of network community initiatives.

Adam Wozney: I mentioned last month that I wanted to kind of change the flow of these calls where it was a little bit more ad hoc to be very specifically focused on the governance proposal that passed at the end of last year around ecosystem and community growth.  So that means focusing on the four community programs that have been approved by everyone on this call and others and the three community activities that we all have budget to push things along. but before I get into those updates and see what questions you guys have, wanted to see if there was any agenda items you wanted to make sure that we Speak now or forever hold your peace.

Adam Wozney: Looks like Tyler put in a conversation. I didn't even see this. Or maybe I did. I responded and they haven't responded. We'll get to that. I'll make sure we cover that at the end, if there's any other agenda items that people have, feel free to put it in the chat or just let me know right now and I'll add it to the agenda. Looks like Tyler's just adding a bunch of go props. Come on, man. Get off my case.

Tyler Wright: They're just discussions that I know that we want to put through the structure. I know some of the participants wanted to come to SIG community to talk during this call because they're hackathon focused andor community or focus efforts. Neither of them is here, but I just want to have people from this call andor from the community just leave their discussion topics…

Tyler Wright: because again before they go from the steering committee, we like to get feedback from a specific SIG and they want to join the SIG community. There's just one more.  So, if they don't come, then we don't have to do it at all.

Adam Wozney: Cool beans makes total sense.

Adam Wozney: Cool. So, I added those gov props to the agenda. We'll discuss those at the end. Any other agenda items that folks want to make sure we cover? All right. So, first first, I'm going to be covering the four community programs that have been approved by the community late last year. The first one is around the vanguards. I see one more governance proposal that somebody wants to bring up. I'm just going to add it to the agenda. Give me one second. okay, cool.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: first one is around the Vanguards. So, currently we have one 10 Vanguards live inside of the Vanguards program. there's one thing that I'm going to share with you guys. I'm just going to pull this up. So, they are now filling out a monthly support form. So, basically the idea is what does the community need help with? and the focus of the Vanguard's program is to provide technical support to our community on Discord or Telegram or wherever. So, I thought it'd be useful to get some of the data from the people on the front lines responding to technical questions in the community to see what are the things that, they need help with, what are the main issues that the community is focused on. And I figured it'd be good just to share in these community SIg calls.

Adam Wozney: So, let me quickly share my screen and I'll quickly cover this stuff. Let's see All So, here are the main support themes from the Vanguards last January. And this is monthly. So, you can see the number one is deployment issues. Shouldn't be too big of a surprise. I think most everyone that goes onto our Discord needs some sort of deployment support. Not everyone, but I think some people do.  So you can see that was the kind of the number one theme and that's kind of been similar across December and November when we kicked this form off. So that's not too out of the ordinary. Second one is console issues that kind of goes alongside deployment issues. So just I wanted to share that stuff with you guys. Any questions on the support themes or thoughts? No. All right. Cool. Wow.

Adam Wozney: I don't know what just happened there. Trying to shrink this down and it's just being crazy. this is just general. Are you able to get the support you need from the core team? Vast majority says yes. I think that's good, but obviously two people said no. So, we got to help them out a little bit better. And this is good just to track baselines month over month to see how things are progressing. satisfaction of people that use OS.  I think 60% are satisfied and 40% are very satisfied. So, it's also a good metric to track over time because you hope that it shrinks down to where everyone's very satisfied and only a few are sat luckily no dis satisfied or neutral people. So, that was good. And then technical questions handled every day. So, right now, this is actually a really interesting one.

Adam Wozney: we have 10 Vanguards who are online each, two-ish hours per day throughout the week. they're all answering about one to five technical questions per day, which I think is pretty good if you figure that one to five per day. It could be anywhere from 10 questions to 50 questions. and I think that's a good amount for the Vanguards to be able to support and b just a good amount of technical questions coming in because it shows that there's actually usage on the network in general. Not all those questions are probably valid. Sometimes they're pretty simple ones, but I think they can be more cool. So, I just wanted to share that just to show you what some of the Vanguards are up to. Big shout out to all the Vanguards that are a part of that program.

Adam Wozney: Any questions on the Vanguards or if there's any Vanguards on this call? Anything that you want to make sure that we bring up? Nope. All right. Next agenda item is the ring masters. So, I'm going to share my screen again. So, for folks that aren't familiar or uninitiated, ring masters are our local event organizers.  They're folks that are actively hosting and introducing Akos to different people around the world building local communities. So we relaunched the ring master program kind of the beginning of this year with a clear budget which is important.

Adam Wozney: and one of the initiatives that I wanted to do was have a single point where all community event activities could be seen and shared and be kind of focused in So this last week and kind of beginning of this week I launched a new page. So let me share this. This is actually our new unofficial official Akos community events page.

Adam Wozney: basically all I'm doing is adding Luma events from our ring masters, event organizers, into one single place. This isn't really ready for prime time quite yet. the graphic is just what Luma gave me. The graphics that the rig masters are using are ones that they're just kind of finding on their own. So, the goal for this is to really clean this up, kind of get it ready where we can start actively sharing it with the general community for people that are interested in attending some of our events.  Right now, the main place that people are going is the Akash Meetup channel inside of Discord, but I really want this to be kind of the single focal point for not the events that Akos is sponsoring that we'll get to, but this is really local meetup events that Akos is a part of. So, you can kind of run through this here, just kind of see some that are actively being managed. This one is actively for the East Denver event. but all these other ones are happening in different parts of the world.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: so you can kind of see just gives you a good vantage point of all the different AOS meetup activities that are happening in different parts of the world. Next stages for this is updating this banner. I don't like this banner graphic. It looks crappy. And creating templates for our ring masters to actually use graphics for their events. So they're all part of a kind of a similar look so I'm actually working with Dennis, the overclock labs designer, to help create that and then go from there. So, I wanted to give a quick update on the Ring Masters program. That's one of the big things right now. I'm excited to get that page live because I think it looks cool so far and it's just a cool place to see wow, gosh is everywhere. all right. Any questions on the ring masters program or the update? Cool.

Adam Wozney: All right, moving on. navigators. So, there's only a couple updates on the navigator side. So, again, for the uninitiated, navigators are community members that are kind of doing two separate things. One is more of like a business development kind of angle.  So working and introducing Akos to potential users that need large deployments or have large deployments or just need a little bit of handholding to kind of help them get access to the network for whatever it is they're working on. so they kind of help on one aspect just introducing a kosh and then if they're ready to go they hand it off to an integrations expert also a community member to help them integrate onto the network from architecture all the way to deployment.

Adam Wozney: So, this is kind of a newer program that was launched towards the end of last year. I won't get into the nitty-gritty of how people become navigators, but if anyone's interested, apply to become a caution insider and that's your first leg of that journey. Currently, we have three kind of I guess full-time in quotes, senior navigators. These are folks that are actually helping people deploy into the network and introducing people to Akos. And then we do have a number of junior navigators.  Those are kind of the first legs of people becoming full-time or senior navigators. and that's basically just a proof out that they're going to be available. they have the technical understanding of how to explain os to potential clients or users of a kosh. and that's kind of where it's at right now. So not really too much updates on the navigator side. if there's anybody that's interested in becoming a navigator, head over to the community page and apply to become an insider because that's your first step.

Adam Wozney: And we go from there. So, any questions on the navigators program or any navigator on this call want to give a high level update on how things are going? If not, all good.

Fenil Modi: Hey hi yeah I was part of the navigator program and…

Adam Wozney: All right. cool.

Fenil Modi: I talked with the two companies and one company onboarded on a caras. So that's what's my upbrid company called yeah I have worked with the two companies and…

Adam Wozney: Sorry. Say that again. You're working with someone.

Fenil Modi: one company called buildi they are working on UI for python and that company onboarded on a caras last week that's

Adam Wozney: Got and this goes for everyone. we don't really have a public page where we kind of give regular navigator updates.

Adam Wozney: maybe it would be worth at some point doing something like that, but at this point because it's still pretty early in what navigator's program looks like. I think the best place to go to get navigator updates is maybe just this monthly call. but yeah, ultimately we're dealing with clients users so having a public place for that doesn't really make sense quite yet, but maybe at some point it would.  So, yeah, go ahead, Ty.

Tyler Wright: I would just say that sometime the goal of across navigators program I know that you talked about previously is to get to a point where there's a case study andor some sort of blog that talks about how that project maybe is using Akos or they could be added to the ecosystem page. So there's a number of ways that people can track kind of the life cycle. I also did just drop I think Adam talked about this earlier.

Adam Wozney: Excellent. Thank you,…

Tyler Wright: It's a link to the console where there was functionality added for people to talk to an expert that goes to navigator form. So I just wanted to drop in a link for what Adam has mentioned.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: Cool. That's really it for the navigator side of things. any questions on that program before I move on to our final community program to discuss? Alchemist is a program focused on developing educational curriculum for people that want to learn more about Akos. currently we have three insiders. and if I didn't mention it, all four of these programs, one of the requirements is you have to become an insider first.

Adam Wozney: So if you are interested in joining any of these things, head over to the AOS website and apply to become an AOS insider. but we do have three insiders currently working on a few different courses as a part of Akos the goal of the Alchemist program is to build a fully robust curriculum that teaches anyone what AOSH is all the way to deploying your own providers on the network or deploying your own projects on the network. So that's the ultimate goal. We're still pretty far away from there.

Adam Wozney: but we do have some insiders working on some curriculum that will be beneficial for folks that are looking to get a little bit more insight into how to interact with the network. My goal is that by the end of this next quarter, so second quarter, we'll have seven or so, seven or eight beginner courses live on Akos edu. it's a bit of a stretch goal, but we'll see.  So, if anybody's interested in participating in that program, the only prerequisites I'm going to say for that is you need to be an insider, but b it's kind of expected that you're going to have to know what a kosh is. Otherwise, how are you going to be able to describe what you're doing in these recorded videos that you'll be creating. so, that's one part. And the third part is you got to have some sort of understanding of how to recorded videos, doing demonstrations, maybe even creating graphics for these videos.

Adam Wozney: We do have some people that are in the program that have graphic support so people can lean on each other so you're not alone in this and that's why I want people to kind of meet up and we do have regular calls with all the community programs that I had mentioned but that's the highle goal of the alchemist program.  So again, three people are currently working on some courses. One is very close to being ready to launch. And then I'm hoping that by the end of second quarter, so Juneish time, we'll have seven new beginner courses live on a .edu, which would be really Any questions on the That's it for the programs. now we're going to move on to activities.

Adam Wozney: currently we have three community activities that were part of our gov crop. One is hackathons both in person, online and One is Akos bounties where people just help improve the network, make it easier for people to build and then one is community events. So of those three activities, one really we haven't done any forward movement on which is hackathons.  Amanda might have some things to say because I think she's been talking to some hackathon providers for potentially doing some AOS related activities or around hackathons. I haven't had the bandwidth to do anything on hackathons. So really it's all up to Amanda to cross our fingers and hopefully we have some hackathons on the docket. I do have a lot of ideas around hackathons but for now I don't really have any updates. but maybe Amanda quickly do you have any quick highle updates on hackathon stuff?

Amanda Keay: forward with the Austin community hackathon that's happening during the same time as ETH Denver. this is the lowest sponsorship tier. we're coming in as the compute provider for this hackathon. You'll be able to see the hackathon is hosted by AITX which is an AI Texas community, web AI, Antler, Red Hat AI, Meta Toolhouse and Akos. So we're amongst some good names. we wanted to get in touch with local AI developers in the Austin area as well as of course hackathons all around the world but as we have one of our offices in Austin it was nice to get connected with this local community that's really working to do more AI conferences hackathons one day summits all those things so we're going to be coming in as the compute provider for this hackathon


### 00:20:00

Amanda Keay: and it's going to be a two-day hackathon. so it's going to be over the weekend. So far there's 125 people who have registered. So their goal is to get 150. So yeah, we're excited about that as kind of our first in-person hackathon for 2025. And then we're going to be having some more. I'm just in the middle of going back and forth with emails and contracts right now.

Amanda Keay: Yeah, excited about that.  But that's it, Adam. No other ones. Yep.

Adam Wozney: Excellent. No,…

Adam Wozney: that's good. I'm stoked that we have the on So, that's the hackathon update. Any questions on hackathons? Excellent. All right. Next up is community bounties. and as a reminder, bounties are really focused on putting out initiatives that the community can build to make Akos easier to build on for builders. See how many times I can say build in that sentence. currently the bounties update is we are working with an Akash insider who has a background in kind of bounty creation. and we're kind of rethinking the bounties programming. up until now we've really had Tyler God bless that guy and Scott Huittson kind of be the deacto owners of kind of the bounties programming for Akos.

Adam Wozney: we're bringing in the experts. Not that Tyler and Scott weren't, but we're bringing in some experts to help define what our brownie bounties program looks like. And this is a community member. This is an insider. the idea behind this is have someone focus all their attention on, what creation, management, and completion of a Kosh bounties look like from where they're located to how they're defined to how many we have, the level of skills needed. So, really spending some time thinking about what a kosh bounty's program can look like.  The long-term goal for the bounties program right now is that we can even create a bounties committee where maybe six months or three months or who knows how soon down the road we can have a handful of folks kind of coming together saying okay what do we want people coming up with some ideas putting them out to the community to build and then rewarding those individuals.

Adam Wozney: so that's kind of the bounties program right now. we're aiming for ETH Denver to have a couple I don't want to say how many because I don't know yet, but having at least a couple bounties live at different skill levels. so over the next couple weeks before Denver launches, we're really putting in the framework for what people can expect from this program. and what bounties we want to kind of make live at this early stage of what this new program looks like. I'm expecting hiccups, but having someone that's able that has a background in this that really kind of can dedicate some time to think about what this program looks like I think is going to be really fruitful. So that's kind of the bounties update. I see Tyler has his hand up. Go ahead, Ty.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. The only thing that I just want to mention on the record is right now the community support budget has $10,000 monthly that goes towards you go people are contributing to website documentation support issues notetaking etc that comes through the six and the working groups.  The idea is because now we're bringing in a true expert who's dedicating a fair amount of time to this effort that a small portion of the community support budget over the next two months will go towards the management. So instead of $10,000 in bounties, it will be $9,000 in bounties with $1,000 going towards management costs.

Tyler Wright: After that, the idea is that in future bounty proposals for community support that it'll be built in as a separate line item, but I just want to put that on the record for everybody in the community and just see if there's any issues or objections with that because again, as Adam mentioned, we do want to expand how many people are participating in the bounties program. there's plans about bounty boards and making things a little bit more visible than they are currently. so there are some management needs and more focus needed around the bounty program. And so I just wanted to talk about initial plan to get this person going from the community and…

Adam Wozney: Excellent.

Tyler Wright: then make sure that they're obviously paid for their time and then we'll build it out. So again, just wanted to see if there was any objections with that on the record.  Cool.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, And yeah, we'll have more updates. I'm hoping by next community s call we'll have some bonies live. we can kind of maybe give some feedback from y'all on what's working, what's not working, how we can improve it. but yeah, That's it for bonies. Next on the activities agenda is community events. So, just as a reminder, community events are really focused on partnering with local crypto AI cloud communities from the sponsored events that members of the overclock labs team and the AOS cider community are attending.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: Best example I can give you is we're going to have a decentsized contingency of Akos representatives at East Denver, not only for a sponsored booth and side events that Amanda's been managing, but the idea is looking to local community organizers and building a closer relationship with them through sponsored event activities. so I've been spending some time looking to some local community event organizers and reaching out and I found one. we're going to be sponsoring a very small meetup event where it's like pizza and drinks. and the goal of this is to make inroads with local ver community leadership. So once ETH Denver is over and all the hullaloo from all the different crypto projects and people flying into Denver are gone, we still have a close relationship with some of the local community leaders in that region. So that's the idea right now.

Adam Wozney: I'll have more updates that I'll probably put into the Discord channel on what that event looks like, but it's a pretty lightweight event. Basically just sponsoring some catering and then that gives us access to some local community members in Denver. Any questions on that? that covers the programs and activities that were a part of the govrop that passed at the end of last year. Only other things to quickly cover are I know we briefly covered events. I don't know if there's anything you want to cover high level Amanda. I feel like you've covered adnauseium but are there any highle updates for East Denver and Vidia GTC? Are you thinking to the future of events?

Adam Wozney: Any just quick ones for us?

Amanda Keay: …

Amanda Keay: I don't really have anything to add for ETH Denver or GTC. Everything is kind of locked in for those two conferences. I'm working with the marketing team just to come up with some really good activations for the booth to, tap into the right crowd while we're there. But I've been actually pretty like heads down working on Akos Accelerate 2025 which is going to be in June in Brooklyn. So that is taking up a lot of space in my head right now.

Adam Wozney: Awesome. Thank you,…

Amanda Keay: But super excited about that. We've not officially announced anything yet. So you guys are the first I guess to get a date. So don't say anything. But yeah, June 23rd.  It's the day right before the permissionless conference which is going to also be in really excited to do round two of Akos Accelerate.

Adam Wozney: And I just put into the Denver and Nvidia chats that are on Discord. So if anyone on this call or anyone watching this recording are attending either of those events, feel free to put in your schedule, some things that you're interested in, pictures from the events. that's what we'll be using to kind of update what's happening and some of the Kosh activities there. I am planning a insider kind of lightweight little informal happy hour for some of the insiders that are attending.

Adam Wozney: So, if anyone on this call is an insider and you are attending, let me know. I'm tracking that. I'm going to reach out to you guys to maybe host a small lightweight insider activity. Just another reason why everyone on this call should apply to become a cautionider. but everyone is welcome to go to the side event that Amanda has been putting on or been planning, the spirit of innovation. Pretty stoked for that one. cool. That's it for the event stuff. I see a question from George.

George Pro: Okay. hello everyone.

Adam Wozney: question. George got it.

George Pro: Thank you for this opportunity. This is not a question but I'm thinking is a meeting ending soon because I'm actually putting a proposal together for a lot of activities to happen across Africa and I wanted feedback. So I put the proposal together and I want to share it in the chat for the one I'm putting it's not live just a Google doc that I want to put it's just a Google doc that I'm trying to kind of gather feedback around

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: So this is actually perfect transition. Tyler put in looks like four different proposals that which one is yours? if you want you can just share your screen.

George Pro: I'm here to put it live for a lot of people to comment and I have the Google doc that I can share here for people to kind of comment before I made it live.


### 00:30:00

Adam Wozney: Got it. Yeah, feel free to throw it in there. What I would suggest is actually putting it into the SIG community chat in Discord so that way people outside of this call can review it and…

Adam Wozney: just put in your thoughts around …

George Pro: All right.

Adam Wozney: what you want people to respond to give feedback on certain items and then go for and what else last thing I would say is I would suggest putting in a timeline. "Hey, please give me feedback by this date because after that, I want to put it on to GitHub for review." all right. Let's cover the current proposals that live and see if there's anyone on this call that can chat about them. So, first one I'm pulling up is proposal to establish developer campus communities in Africa for Akos network.

Adam Wozney: A lot of people are trying to build things in Africa. That's cool. This was three weeks ago. I'm not sure who put this up. I actually responded to it. I didn't get a response back. That's usually a bad sign. So, if that is anyone on this call that actually created this posal? Quick show of hands. No. They're not,…

George Pro: Excuse me.

Adam Wozney: then we're moving on. So, let's switch it to this tab. So, here's the next one.  is the person that created this proposal on this call. This was two weeks ago.

Tyler Wright: they came to the steering committee and have previously put up another discussion that the community said they're not ready for. They want to do a bunch of dev app programming and a bunch of hackathon programming and kind of incentivize it. again, they were at the most recent steering committee.  So, they're not here, nor were they planned to be here, but I just want to see if there's anybody from this community that has any feedback for this group because I know they want to continue to push this effort forward. I know we've done some pilots with them that have been fairly successful and just did a test pilot with them with OUCL funds.

Tyler Wright: And so I just wanted to again see if there's any community feedback so we can move on.

Adam Wozney: All right, we're done with that one then. cool. So, I don't know who put this in. This doesn't look like it's really a community proposal.

Nirmal Krishnan: I realized I goofed here,…

Tyler Wright: So the person that Yes.

George Pro: This is pretty

Nirmal Krishnan: We can hold off on this one until SIG analytics next week. I just wanted to show up and join the community, but ignore me.

Adam Wozney: Got it. You're in the best SIG of them all. So, the analytics world will be so boring compared to this one.

Tyler Wright: But this is a little teaser for anybody that cares about indexer or…

Tyler Wright: analytics. this is something that they've been talking to the console team a little bit and so this is a little precursor that if you want to get involved in some of those discussions again look at this proposal right here and then feel free to join the SIG analytics because we want to potentially move forward with this group so I just want to get some community feedback so feel free to join next Thursday I've already added to a number of calendars

Adam Wozney: any feedback or thoughts, feel free to put them in here. I think it's fair to say we could close this one actually. It looks like the person I chatted with I'm actually connected with and we're talking about maybe even adding the insiders program because we do have some established programs that this one's essentially doing double work on. So, if you do have thoughts or feedback on this proposal, feel free to put it in the chat. But I think it's fair to say this one might be kind of closed for now.  But any thoughts or feedback on this prop if anyone's reviewed it? Go ahead, Ty.

Tyler Wright: I was just going to say if you're in contact with a person, yeah, I'm going to leave it open just in case anybody has any feedback, but if you want to be in contact with them and you have a plan forward, feel free to have them close it because I do want to start closing a number of old discussions that are either done, the work is done,…

Tyler Wright: or the vote has passed on chain or whatever the case just to clean it up a little bit.  But I don't want to make it more difficult for anybody to find stuff,

Adam Wozney: Yeah,…

Adam Wozney: I forget where conversation is. I'll have to look at that. But yeah, I'll make a note of that as well. It's a good idea. I'm actually going to put that into my notes here in this call. maybe it's just a good weekly a monthly reminder that if you do have gov props open and it's kind of reached its end, just close them down. It'll make things look a little sharper. Let me It might even be worth saying that in the SIG steering committee call,…


### 00:35:00

Adam Wozney: I mean, sorry. No,…

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I'm starting off by saying in the sake community call, but let me know how it went.

Adam Wozney: no, stay in steering committee call. Not this one.

Adam Wozney: close. Go props. Okay, I'm gonna make a note of that from now on. I will mention. All right, and with that,…

Adam Wozney: we're kind of at the end of this month's SIG community call. Any final thoughts, questions, concerns, comments, anything that you guys are thinking about in terms of ways we can kind of grow the Akos community and support the AOSH community, let me know. Speak now or forever hold your peace. George, go for it.

George Pro: Okay, I want to say that I've put the Google Docs in the chat.

George Pro: So in case you want to give some comment on it, it's open for comment and then you can give me some feedback or comment to kind of make it better.

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Yeah,…

Adam Wozney: Perfect. Where did you put it?

Tyler Wright: throw it in Discord if you haven't already. He put it in the chat in this meeting.

Adam Wozney: In the chat. Yes.

Tyler Wright: So, if you could put it in Discord, too, George, and then prompt people to give you feedback. And I think you're in the Akos Africa closed channel. So, you can also put it in that too.

Adam Wozney: The way Tyler said close, I don't like that.

Tyler Wright: I'm just reiterating

Adam Wozney: So, while we have people on this call, it's just a poll. we have people around the world now that are contributing to a caution in unique ways.

George Pro: It's dead.

Adam Wozney: I don't know if you guys have ever gone to other discords, but a lot of times discords have regional discords like cities or countries or continents even where it's like if you're based in Sa Paulo, you're based in France, maybe the whole country, join this chat and have conversations over what's happening in the region. however, a lot of times, and I've seen this, you go and you see these cities and a lot of times comments haven't happened for months or…

George Pro: Are you ready?

Adam Wozney: weeks on end. We do have people around the world now at Akos that are contributing in unique ways, especially with the ring masters program. We're starting to plug into different parts of the world.

George Pro: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: The first kind of launch of this was the channel actually description is Akos International and the first channel was Africa. we had it live for a while and I noticed a couple weeks of no responses, no comments. And that to me is a bad look for if you're a new community member. You join a chat, you go there and there's nobody saying anything. It's like, does this chat really exist? I want it to be wherever whatever channel you go into in the Akash network discord, there will be at least some comments, questions, feedback within, 24 hours of you joining this chat.

Adam Wozney: So almost every single chat I want to see some interaction because ultimately a Discord will die without people responding or jumping in or getting involved. so to me it was just a bad look like…

George Pro: That's right.

Adam Wozney: if somebody's like I'm based in Africa let's see what's going on in the Africa chat and nothing you're like I'm out. So I closed it for now. we do have some people that are still in there. George you're on there I know and some other folks. but I closed it for now. I would love to start launching other channels like Japan or specific language channels like Spain and have Spanish. We don't really have the support systems in place to support those kind of niche communities right now. So, I'm kind of holding off on doing that. Does anyone have thoughts or feedback or questions on what that looks like right now?

Adam Wozney: because I would love to do it and we could create a bunch of channels but my concern is radio silence I don't want that to happen. so that's just my quick thoughts. I see a bunch of hands up so obviously people have a bunch of thoughts and our ideas on this but I think this is a good discussion to have before as our final discussion point of this month's call.

George Pro: That  Okay.

Adam Wozney: I'll first go to Cororo Boru because I saw your hand up first.

Adam Wozney: Go for it. A got it.

Poroburu: I had my own topic about a interop working group and…

Poroburu: so I'll let the other people

Adam Wozney: Keep your hand up. We'll get to you once this discussions over. We'll go to Looks like Rodri. I think your handle's up first.

Rodri R: I think it was Tyler, but mine's real quick.

Adam Wozney: Come on. You guys are killing me today.

Rodri R: I agree with you that having all these different languages or regions channels is a good idea and I've seen them in other discords. not sure why the Africa channel hasn't received much cuz I know there's tons of people from there. I'm guessing  We have tons of people speaking Spanish over in Latin America, in the US, and in Spain and other countries. Chinese, I guess we have some people who added Chinese stuff. but yeah, I agree. There's not much people as I mean replying there, it will look bad.


### 00:40:00

Adam Wozney: So, We're going to do an experiment. I just opened up the Africa channel in Discord, so everyone should have access to it now if you're a user. I closed it for everyone until you go through, the steps to prove you…

George Pro: That's all.

Adam Wozney: who you are. But, it is open now. I think we should review next month and I'm gonna put it as a talking point next month to see how active that channel is. And my goal is similar to all the channels in Discord. As long as there's daily activity happening there, something interesting, I think it's worthwhile to have those channels open. But if I see there's questions being asked, nobody's responding to things, people posting stuff and no reactions, to me that's just a bad flavor. So, let's review it the end of next month. and I put it as a talking point for next month and we'll see where it goes. how does that sound? I see Roger, your hands up again.

Rodri R: Yeah. yeah, sounds good. only con or I see is that if there's no banger who speaks it's African or I don't know what language sorry or…

Adam Wozney: Different countries.

Rodri R: in my case I know Spanish I could reply to that…

Adam Wozney: Yeah, correct.

Rodri R: but we could get scammers in those channels bots or something. So that's a con.

Adam Wozney: And that's one of my big concerns too is launching a channel somebody like Japan, Thailand, Vietnam, whatever. different languages I only speak English so people could be posting a bunch of stuff and it could look good, but they could all be check out my airdrop and I would have no idea. and it's impossible to kind of review all that stuff all the time as those channels scale. but for now, let's just keep the Africa channel open, see where it goes. If interesting things happen, we'll keep it going. But over time, we'll play by ear. any thoughts, concerns, questions before we go to Pora with a working group conversation.

Rodri R: Can we get a Spanish one, too?

Adam Wozney: Come on, What are you doing to me?

Adam Wozney: I mean, we could call it Spain, but do you think there's a lot I mean,…

George Pro: This trustee.

Adam Wozney: I haven't seen any Spanish speakers in our channels ever?

Rodri R: we tell them to speak in English.

Adam Wozney: I guess. Yeah. But More people can contribute that way. I mean, if you really want, we can do it. Let's take this offline. I don't want to indoor everyone with this right now. I know you've talked about it for a long time. you'd love to have a Spanish speaking channel. And I love it, but again, it comes down to management. and…

Rodri R: We need four to give to you for Luna.

Adam Wozney: we can just let's discuss this in the SIG community channel in Discord. for anyone that's interested in language specific regional channels in our Discord, post your thoughts, comments in there. Let's start a conversation and review it as things go along. all right. That's it for languages. Borauru, what do you got?

Poroburu: Hi. yeah, just I guess an update on what I'm interested in in terms of a interop working group. and you gave me good feedback, I guess, of a next step of just asking if I worked on a government's prop, but I was kind of stumped like I didn't really realize which to look at or if you know what I mean. I know there's working groups like Zely. I haven't seen them instantiated. So, I just want to see what's a good discussion. And then I also need …

Poroburu: I guess that's my biggest question of it.

Adam Wozney: So question is,…

Adam Wozney: sorry I'm trying to track it. So you have an idea that you want to get vetted out. Is that kind of where you're at?

Poroburu: Yeah, just seeing previous proposals because it was an interesting because just have you started working on a governance proposal? So I'm just trying to think what's the expectation where am I going to put that? I guess there's the Akash community, but it gave me a lot of thoughts do I just really escalate to aim for a governance proposal is there a middle spot of community building and finding allies that's available?

Adam Wozney: I see. So, I'll let Tyler go first before I Go for it, Ty.

Tyler Wright: Are you trying to you say create a working group for interoperability? what was the second term?

Tyler Wright: What was a working group for? Okay.

Poroburu: Yeah. interoperability.

Poroburu: So yeah, what I'm working on right now is signing Cosmos track transactions on ICP. And yeah, I've done my first milestone. So I feel a bit more confident. yeah,…

Poroburu: just pursuing less and maybe championing the idea.


### 00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would say and…

Tyler Wright: we just had a meeting today a couple of places. I am happy to and if there's feedback from the community, create and I know Adam may be bothered by this, but maybe we can create a working group channel around interoperability and see if there's other people from the community that want to get involved.  We do have a monthly special interest called special interest group chain sync chain where we talk about the blockchain network upgrades. We do talk about Cosmos SDK in general. so that might also be another community to get involved with.

Tyler Wright: Maybe if you have any interest of first getting people interested around the ideas and starting to connect with people that have similar backgrounds or similar passions around interoperability or Cosmos SDK, we can form a working group in Discord and then maybe have some meetings and then following up if you have a spec specific project or something that you want to get community pool funds for then you go through the governance proposal.  Otherwise, you could just continue developing your idea and we can find minded people around the idea of interoperability if that's the goal. Just find other people that might be thinking about the same sort of problems or similar problems and you guys can get together either async or on some sort of cadence to discuss things. That's one thing.

Tyler Wright: If you're looking for community proposal funds to move forward an idea that you have, then that's another thing. But it sounds like you're talking about the first.

Poroburu: Yeah, I probably don't need funding and yeah, I will attend the chain meeting because it'll help me, keep in sync with, I guess, the technical stuff going on. So, yeah, I think this is good info and… I'll keep working on it.  guys. I just got the call and I wanted to ask while I was here at the end, but thank

Poroburu: 

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: Awesome. Thank you,…

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Any final thoughts before we wrap up this call? We got Final thoughts on this month's community SIG call. Otherwise, we will be giving you some time back. All right. going once, twice, we're done. thank you guys for joining this month's community SIG call. As always, if you have any thoughts, questions, concerns, head over to the SIG community channel inside of Discord. if anyone's interested in joining any of the programs I mentioned, head over to the website and click on community to learn more about the insiders programs.

Adam Wozney: and if anybody wants to get involved in events happening across the world, head over to Discord as well where you can join some of those chats around Nvidia GTC or East Denver. and we'll go from there. thank you guys again for joining and as always, we'll see you in the metaverse. Later, everybody.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Adam.

Rodri R: to you guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:48:14 👋


