# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #26

## Agenda
- Community program updates: Vanguards, Ring Masters, Navigators, and Alchemists  
- Community activity updates: hackathons, contributions (bounties), and community events  
- Discussion on Akash Accelerate 2025  
- Open floor for questions, feedback, and suggestions  

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday,April 8, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants  
- Adam Wozney  
- Amanda Keay  
- Damir Simpovic  
- Deathless  
- Tyler  
- Jannick H  
- Joao Luna  
- o√Øclid  
- Rodri R  

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks  
Adam Wozney welcomed attendees, shared the agenda, and reminded everyone of the call‚Äôs purpose ‚Äî to support and manage Akash community activities shaped by passed governance proposals.

### Community Program Updates

**Vanguards**  
- In Q1, over 5,000 support interactions were recorded in Discord.  
- About 30% of those were handled by just 10 Vanguards ‚Äî around 1,300‚Äì1,500 responses.  
- Satisfaction remains high among users receiving support.  
- No immediate plans to expand the team due to balanced support loads.  

**Ring Masters**  
- 17 events held in Q1, mostly in Nigeria and India.  
- Over 1,800 attendees introduced to Akash.  
- Program is scaling well beyond initial expectations.  
- Next phase includes better attendee engagement and connecting them to Akash initiatives (Insiders, deployments, etc.).  
- Community Luma page lists past and upcoming events.  

**Navigators**  
- 19 projects currently in the onboarding pipeline.  
- Navigators provide hands-on support for deploying on Akash.  
- Aim is to convert projects into active users and promote them via case studies.  

**Alchemists**  
- Four beginner-level AkashEdu courses are complete and under review.  
- Consideration being given to migrating from Omniflix to a more robust learning platform with better analytics and automation.  
- Platform must support NFT certificates or LinkedIn certifications upon course completion.  
- Target: Launch by end of Q2.  


### Community Activity Updates

**Hackathons**  
- Limited sponsored hackathons so far.  
- Ring Masters have helped initiate lightweight regional hackathons using minimal budget.  
- No progress on hosting a fully owned Akash hackathon yet due to bandwidth.  
- A formal process for requesting hackathon sponsorship is still under development.

**Contributions (previously ‚ÄúBounties‚Äù)**  
- Program is being restructured into a more formal contributions flow.  
- Application process via GitHub includes reviewing skills and GitHub/LinkedIn profiles.  
- Contributors will be assigned to GitHub issues with timelines and check-ins.  
- Lightweight pilot phase begins soon with Discord and GitHub outreach.

**Community Events**  
- Focused on creating deeper connections during major conference appearances.  
- Pilot at ETHDenver failed due to a local organizer moving away.  
- Budget for this initiative is currently on hold while the model is reassessed.  


### Event Planning: Akash Accelerate  
- Akash‚Äôs flagship conference returns in June 2025 in New York.  
- Live page is up; speakers and agenda still being finalized.  
- Plans include hosting global watch parties via Ring Masters and Insiders.  
- Insiders can apply to attend and represent Akash at the event.  
- Held the day before Permissionless; venue capacity is ~500.


### Open Discussion & Closing  
- No major questions or feedback shared during the open floor.  
- Adam encouraged anyone with ideas beyond current programs to use the SIG community channel.   

## Action Items
- Adam to provide updates on hackathon sponsorship process and Akash Accelerate logistics in the next call.  
- Community members interested in contributions to apply via GitHub and engage in the contributions channel.  
- Ring Masters to begin planning watch parties for Akash Accelerate.  
- Feedback and new ideas encouraged through the SIG Community channel.  

## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello. It's that time again.

Damir Simpovic: Good evening dear sir.

Rodri R: Hey guys, I agree.

Adam Wozney: More folks Let me make an announcement in the SIG community channel.  And we can kick this bad boy Fine. We'll do Where is it? There we go. Off.

Adam Wozney: Let me put in a All right. Cool. Let me get my notes open here and we'll start this thing up.  All right, I think we're good. Welcome. Hi everyone. How are you doing today on this fine Taco Tuesday for some. I'm going to try to have some tacos for dinner because it's taco Tuesday. thank you for joining today's SIG community call on the 8th of April's community call.

Adam Wozney: as always, I'm going to be going through my list of agenda items, kind of going with what I've done since the beginning of this year, talking about the community activities, some of the events. But, as always, I wanted to kick it off to see if there was any agenda items you want to make sure we chat about in this month's special interest group call. Any items you guys that are top of mind? Going once, twice. All right, cool. So, as a reminder, the SIG community call is focused on discussion, support, and management of AOS community activities.

Adam Wozney: those activities are really defined by the governance proposals that we put out on a quarterly basis and on a yearly basis. so today I'm going to be talking about the four community programs give you some highle updates on where those things are at.  if you guys have any questions, the activities that are a part of the activities proposal, talk about those three different activities and then squeeze in some updates on the event side because we have a big event coming up in June which I'll discuss a little bit more. so let me make a note. I want to make sure I bring this up. okay, cool.

Adam Wozney: So, first up is community programs. So, for folks that are not a part of the Vanguards program, I thought it'd be useful to just give you some highlevel updates on the Vanguards. every month the Vanguard's team, they put together a feedback form just highlighting some of the, activities that the community has requested in terms of support. So, just a quick sharing of this. I also cover this in a monthly Vanguard sync that's open just for the Vanguards.

Adam Wozney: But here's just some basic data I just wanted to share with folks that are watching this recording or that are not a part of the Vanguard's program. you can see that they're pretty active. The one data point that is not included in this and this is feedback directly from the Vanguards is last quarter there were over 5,000 responses to questions or posts I guess you could say inside of our Discord. 30% of those posts were responded to by 10 people that were members of the Vanguard's program. that's a little around 1300 or 1500 responses. So if you look at our total amount of people that are inside of our Discord, which is around I don't know 30% of all responses have been by the Vanguards. and I would guesstimate and I'm still crunching some numbers. I'm using a platform to kind of figure out some of this stuff.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: I would guesstimate that those responses are directly correlated with community support questions because I'm sure that a lot of times people say, "Hey, how's everyone doing?" And someone will respond and say, "I'm doing well." I don't really count that as support. but Vanguard still probably respond to that as well.  So I would say a vast majority of the questions being asked in our discord that are technical in nature or non-technical are being responded to by Vanguard. So without that program that just wouldn't exist. people would probably have questions and they're going unanswered. So Vanguards is a resounding success. the govrop that was just put up for Q2 was approved.

Adam Wozney: So, we have another quarter of funding for the Vanguard program and the other three programs that I'll be mentioning here in a minute. the only data point I want to point out in the charts here is satisfaction level based on users. So, this is just a kind of a gut reaction from Vanguards that are part of the program from people that they're interacting with on our Discord. And you can see here that folks are either very satisfied satisfied. If it starts to get into the neutral dissatisfied territory, then it's probably worth reviewing. what can we do to better improve people's experience not only inside the Discord but with ultimately really good stuff happening from the Vanguards. Any questions on the Vanguards program? I know a handful of folks in this call are Vanguard, so I've covered some of the stuff with you, but I know a handful of you are not. So it's good to kind of just give folks an update on what that looks All right. we do have Vanguards. I did want to do this as well.

Adam Wozney: for folks that are Vanguards, anything you want to call out? Anything in particular about the program over the past month that you think is worth mentioning or of note? If not, you can just remain silent and I'll believe that everything is going superbly well. Why is satisfaction colored in the chart. That was just a Google when the charts are created just automatically colors those things. So, no reason other than just Google labeled it  Doesn't mean it's bad, it means it's next up is ring masters are local event organizers hosting aos related activities in different parts of the world. last quarter was really the first kind of proper quarter of the ring masters program being live. we launched it really towards the middle of last year but didn't really push it too hard.

Adam Wozney: And this year we've really put a lot of emphasis on getting that whole program organized. in last quarter there were 17 total events held mostly in Nigeria and in India. I'm looking to expand that into other countries and other local but for now I think it's a great start. So 17 total events held in different parts of the world and in total there were over 1,800 attendees of those events.  So those are all individuals that it might be their first time interacting or understanding or learning about Akos. So that as well I would argue has been a pretty big success.

Adam Wozney: The next step for rigmasters program beyond just getting more people plugged in in different parts of the world is getting and better understanding the attendees of those events and starting to plug them into different AOS initiatives whether it's attending calls like this whether it's applying to the insiders program whether it's just deploying and providing compute on the network I think that's going to be maybe for the few months here that'll be kind of the next leg of masters  program. I think there's a lot of things that we can do with local events, whether it's sponsoring hackathons, getting them involved, watch parties, which I'm going to talk about in a little bit for our big conference coming up. But, I think the Ring Masters program has a lot of legs, and we're really just barely beginning, to kind of expand on what the Ring Masters program really can produce in terms of support for Akos in the community. So, I'm pretty stoked on that.

Adam Wozney: The one thing I mentioned I believe in our last community sig call is if you are interested to see some of the events that are being held by the ring masters you can go to this link here I just put it in the chat it's our luma page so it's where we host all of the different ring master events in different parts of the world where people can apply and RSVP to those events and we also include kind of overclock labs supported events.  So on that link you can also see our upcoming conference that we're holding in June in New York which I'll touch base on here in a little bit but I'm looking any ring masters Oakl I know you're a ring master any highle insight you want to give on the ring masters program how it's been going for you


### 00:10:00

o√Øclid: It's been going smoothly. I've had a little delay to find to place late. My first event took place late, but my second event is taking place on this Saturday. So, yeah,‚Ä¶

o√Øclid: I'll have more news for you then. And hopefully a lot more photos. yeah. I think that even reminds me I need to update my post. I've not shared photo. I'll do that. Yeah.

Adam Wozney: No,‚Ä¶

Adam Wozney: no worries. Good to hear that everything is going though. Yeah, this is really the fourth month of us kind of doing this program, and I would say that it's at a really good place right now. I think there's a lot more we can do with it, but for where it stands, I had a rough goal. I was just kind of putting together a rough forecast. I'm like, "Okay, how many events can do I think the community will be able to hold? How many folks will be interested in participating in this and I was guess guesstimating or by the end of this quarter, which will be June, so halfway through the year, I thought we'd have around nine events total held over a six-month period, reaching around 900 attendees. And so within one quarter, we doubled that. So to me, it tells me that there's a lot of interest in this.

Adam Wozney: And I think there's a lot more we can do with the ring masters program in terms of getting people involved helping people build local communities where we have kind of a ambassadors kind of representing AOS in different cities and countries around the world. So I think there's a lot more we can do with it but we're at the very early stages of the program. So thanks for participating. next up I wanted to chat about actually before that any questions on ring masters or the vanguards previously? I think everyone understands what that's where those are at. All right, Next up is navigators.

Adam Wozney: So, just as an update, the Navigators program is really focused on helping, small to medium-sized projects that need access to multiple GPUs, or even less than that for running their programs and projects. it's a way for those projects to work with our most technically skilled community members where they help them from onboarding to implementation all the way to management.  once those projects and programs the last three months were really the first again similar to ring masters, the first time we put kind of some frameworks around it, how it's all organized, how people can support. There's still a lot of work to be done on the navigator side in terms of helping community members that are participating in that program with onboarding, project management, tracking things.

Adam Wozney: But ultimately, I think we're at a really good place where there's movement. currently there's 19 deals, I guess you could say, in the pipeline. so that means there's 19 potential new projects that need access to cautious GPUs, that will be part of this program. Some of these things might actually fade away where people just disappear. Some of these things might actually progress all the way to implementation. really the whole goal of the navigators program is to help these larger projects to help them onboard on Kuakos which will just make the network grow and bring more people in. So I'm hoping over the next quarter those deals that are inside of this pipeline will turn into full-blown users and we can really start promoting them, creating case studies around them and all of that stuff.

Adam Wozney: So right now the navigator program is in a really good spot but I'm going to be really excited hopefully over the next few months here where the projects that are a part of this pipeline will actually be fully integrated into aos and start actively deploying in the network bringing in their own users. far the navigators program is going really well. any questions on navigators? Nope. I know a few of you on this call are active navigators. shout out to the navigators helping with that program. next up alchemists are another part of our kind of greater community strategy. and they are individuals that are actively creating educational courses that will live inside of Akos edu. currently there are four courses that are complete and under review.

Adam Wozney: There's going to be minor tweaks adding graphics, things just to make the courses ready to go from prerequisite docs to the actual videos themselves to quizzes. we've been using Omniflex in previous iterations of edu, we've been using Omniflex as kind of our platform for this. I'm starting to think that we might want to have a little bit more ownership over the platform. not that Omaflex hasn't been beneficial.  I mean, we've been using it for free, which has been awesome. But ultimately, we want to be able to better track like people that are going through and signing up to the programs and the courses. So, we can kind of take some of those individuals who have completed these courses and work with them, give them opportunities to get more involved in different aspects of AOSH from special interest groups to the insiders program to whatever. so I am starting to toy around with the idea of researching and potentially even either adding to our governance proposals.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: a line item for a proper platform to host this curriculum. there's a lot of different ones out there. some of them are free, some of them are paid. the good ones are generally paid. So it might be something we want to maybe discuss at some point maybe in our next call once we get these courses in a good spot. if we want to put together a very lightweight budget for finding and onboarding a educational platform where all of these courses will live where we can better track involvement understanding of people how they're going through these courses and what that looks like. that's kind of high level thinking right now but nothing really to kind of report other than currently there's four courses that are completed. I know Mr. Luna here on the call has helped out with a couple of those already.

Adam Wozney: So big shout out to you and everyone that's in the alchemist program for helping put in the first four courses are, basically to Akos 104. very beginner understanding to things. Now we're getting into some of the more technical aspects of how people can use the network and use the platform. so right now we're at a good spot there. I'm aiming that we can get these four courses out the door, whether it's hosted on Omniflex or a separate platform before the end of this quarter. So, basically, that gives us three months to kind of get these things locked in and get them out. And then we can kind of start to sus out, okay, how many people have actually applied? How many people have completed the courses? what were some of the issues they were running into just to make this kind of a more robust program.

Adam Wozney: only other final little data point I'll call out in the alchemist program is and it definitely reinforces what I've always believed that education should be a big part of Akos is you might have seen open AI they just released open AI academy which is a very robust platform that's totally free to go through which teaches people about a lot of different aspects of AI for healthcare how to create proper prompts when you're going into chat GPT and that's a free course any or courses that anyone can go through. So if anything it just reinforces my belief that education should be a big part of Akos and I think the edu platform once live once everything is really dialed in will be successful. so that's my update Any questions on the alchemist program in ko Go for it Rodri.

Rodri R: just with this new possible platform have the same as NFTTS for the certificates or‚Ä¶

Rodri R: diplomas once you complete the course because I think that's cool on Obnaflex but I agree on you that owning the platform is much

Adam Wozney: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Adam Wozney: honestly, TBD, I don't know exactly what that looks like.  There will be ultimately once someone completes one course like Akos 101 for example someone will get something whether we have an NFT for them whether it's a certification what I would really like is something that I've gone through some edu courses in the past from other platforms once you complete the course you can actually just click like an easy button it says add to your LinkedIn and there will be a proof of certification that goes onto someone's LinkedIn so

Adam Wozney: similarly to the rigmasters program, I think there's a lot we can do there. We're just barely scratching the surface of what's possible and what we can kind of utilize that program for. I kind of review or view AOSD in the same light where we're giving people the tools to kind of actively develop on Akos. But for me, it's about career growth and if we can make this into something where people can highlight I've gone through the AOS edu course. I know this about decentralized cloud.  I know this about crypto, all these different aspects of what Akos is. I think there's a lot of potential for what the platform can become. but really first step is just getting these courses out the door, seeing how the community responds, if they like the platform, if they like what they're doing. and getting them some sort of completion certification where it's like, you completed this course, here's your NFT, you completed this course, here is a certification.

Adam Wozney: And making sure that it's automated‚Ä¶

Rodri R: Or both.

Adam Wozney: because or both 100%. ultimately I want this to be turnkey where people are I want to learn about crypto and cloud. They go to They go through the platform. it completes the quiz. It's proven that they got all the answers and you just click deploy your NFT or mint your NFT or add to LinkedIn, whatever.  So no one has to be manually doing this because we're a pretty small team. so having something that's more automated is important. So for me, the platform that I'm thinking of using will have to include something it's automated. So basically all we do is manage the back end where we add the content, click deploy, and then it's live and then people can just go through it themselves and we can just kind of actively see how many people are going through the courses, where they're stopping, if they run into roadblocks.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: and Autoflex while they've been super helpful and I think that we could continue using them, there's a lot of aspects of it that we wouldn't gain access to some, useful data to make the platform better. So, I'm just thinking about it right now. Really, no big things are, set in motion, but that's how I'm generally thinking about the Akash edu platform and the alchemists that are helping with this. Any questions on those four community programs I mentioned?  Vanguards, ring masters, navigators, alchemists. All right, moving on to community activities. So, as I mentioned, the community programs gov prop passed, I believe, today or yesterday. So, we can keep funding all those different four programs I mentioned. Currently, we have our Q2 activities grop that's live.

Adam Wozney: I don't know where it's at in the voting process, but if that passes, which I have a good sense that the three different activities that were mentioned at the beginning of this year, will be funded so we can kind of keep building toward those things. In Q1, we really didn't touch the budget for a few of these things. So, I think a lot of that will go back into the community pool, which is great. you could be looked at as that's not great because there's things that we could be doing but we either just didn't have the bandwidth. other priority items came up we just couldn't touch. we couldn't get enough buyin or support from community members or whomever that was wanting to participate. But we do have some things that are kind of in movement or in motion. So on the activity side the way I kind of put together the gov prop for hackathons specifically was a line item for sponsored hackathons.

Adam Wozney: So if somebody comes to us, they say, "Hey, we have this hackathon that's reaching AI devs, this call or it's reviewed in a hackathon working group call, which we haven't hosted and it's approved and then we can put some budget towards those hackathons. Currently, in terms of sponsored hackathons, we really haven't had too many.  There has been a two that have come in through the RingMasters program that I've kind of I guess the best way to describe it is used the Ringmastershackathons budget to support those initiatives that were very lightweight that didn't cost lots of money that barely even scratched the surface of the budget that we had for sponsored hackathons. And so we're kind of experimenting with insiders who are working with local community organizers to host sponsored hackathons.

Adam Wozney: and there's two that's underway and one that's been completed. I'm hoping in the next kind of community sake call I can kind of give an update on what that looks like. I do still want to put together a proper process for when people want to get the budget that's a part of this hackathon's budget for sponsoring a hackathon. We have a way of going about that, but I just haven't had the bandwidth to really put that together quite yet. So, that's sponsored  On the own hackathon side, that's even more of a thing that I haven't been able to touch. I do think that there's potential because we have done three owned hackathons in the past with some success, but I think there the whole idea of an AOS owned hackathon, whether it's in person or virtual needs to be rethought, needs to be kind of organized in a way that we can really highlight the benefit of hosting that hackathon other than people just found out about AOS.

Adam Wozney: and I think that's how a of There has been benefits from owning our own hackathons we've gotten some new Akash insiders from it who have turned into ring masters who have done a lot of different things. But for me, it's about, at the end of the hackathon how many people actually dove into Akos and are actively using it after the hackathon is Of the projects that, were granted prizes, are we supporting them after the fact so they can continue to grow those winning ideas? those are things that need to be kind of sorted out. So really up until this point owned hackathons are just on the back burner. we have budget but we just haven't touched up and that's mostly just for bandwidth reasons. So if anybody is interested in figuring out I would love to own an owned Akos hackathon I think we can talk about on these calls we can bring it up next community call. but yeah that's kind of where the hackathons are at.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: Any questions on the hackathons elements of the activities All right, next up is bounties, which I'm changing the name of bounties to contributions. So, up until this point, most contributions have come through Tyler's very involved in the engineering team and in a lot of different aspects of the network. he owns really the SIG and working group kind of structure for different ways people can get involved in So because he knows a handful of community members whether they're insiders or not that have said I'd like to contribute to this everything's kind of flowed through him.

Adam Wozney: So I think we'll keep doing that to a certain extent but I want to kind of formalize the contributions aspect of how people can contribute to AOS.  So, I've been working with one of our insiders who has a background in contributions and bounties programs and she's come up with a framework for a way that people can apply let us know kind of their skill set and we can start assigning kind of issues that are inside of our GitHub or our documentation to improve network kind of programs, functionality, updates, features, all of that kind of stuff.

Adam Wozney: if you go into the AOS GitHub, we need to change the name of this. Hold on a second. I'll post it in here. You can go into this discussion inside of the AOS GitHub where you can actively see what that program looks like right now. We haven't fully launched it, but I think we're going to be doing kind of a lightweight pilot where we announce this inside of our Discord and we see how many applications come in.  And then from there we'll kind of review almost mini resumes because there's LinkedIn GitHub information, understanding of AOS information and we'll start assigning individuals to issues that they think they could actually work on and there will be timelines, checkpoints, all of that stuff. The reason why we're doing it kind of in this more formalized way rather than just ad hoc is a lot of times people say they want to contribute and they disappear. They don't have the background.

Adam Wozney: we just need a better way to kind of sus out people that say they want to contribute, understanding their background and if they can actually do it and then making sure there's checkpoints along the way because we don't want to just start throwing out community pool resources to individuals if they don't have the skill set to kind of complete the tasks at hand. So, it's kind of a formalized process that's still being kind of sused out because we haven't properly launched it.  So, I'm hoping that by our next community sick call in a month, we can actually have some wins from this contributions program because we'll actually promoted it. We've had some people apply. We'll have assigned some people to issues that are inside of our GitHub and we'll see if some of those things have been completed. this is also a great way to kind of find individuals that are outside of just the insiders program, which is kind of the core of the Akos community to kind of onboard and get more involved in Akos related activities.

Adam Wozney: and it's something we can promote generally through other channels. So that's kind of where the contributions program looks like right now. But if you want to get involved in that or you can just head into the community sig channel and say, "Hey, I'm interested in contributions, whether it's formalizing what the program looks like, contributing, whatever that might look like, you can head over to the Discord and kind of put your thoughts in there." And we do have a contributions channel listed that if you're like, "Hey, I'd like to get involved." but really the first place is to go apply on that GitHub page. Any questions on the contributions program. All right. Next on the agenda is community events. So, this was kind of just I don't know how you want to describe it. It was almost like a bucket budgetary item.

Adam Wozney: so the idea behind the community events line item is a lot of times we'll go to different conferences. Akos will be represented at East Denver or Nvidia GTC or Permission List which is coming up in June in New York and we'll go there with a gang of people whether it's insiders OCL members. We'll host a side events. we'll participate in side events.  We'll sponsor some things and then after the event is over we leave.

Adam Wozney: The idea behind this is making a little bit more of a proactive effort to find local community leaders in those regions that we can actually work with, sponsor a small meetup for their community, make a relationship with those community organizers, and then when we leave, we'll have those people that we know in those regions to reach out for certain activities, whether it's hosting some events, whether it's partnerships, whether it's integrations, BD opportunities. it's a way for us to kind of connect more on a local level with leaders inside of the cloud space, AI space. So the community events budget really sets aside funds for bringing insiders to represent AOS at those events, a small sponsorship to pay for pizza and beer and then those community leaders in those regions invite their members in. We host an AOS related activity.


### 00:30:00

Adam Wozney: we make a relationship with those people and then when those events are over we leave but we still have a relationship with local folks in those regions. So that's kind of the idea behind the community events. we did do one for each Denver which I would say was not successful. and that's probably mostly falls on me because the event that we hosted one of the main community organizers that lives in Denver has moved.  So, the person that was going to be the person that we thought we could kind of work with, create a relationship around, moved. So, we're kind of back to square one on that. So, we need I need to kind of reassess exactly what we can use that community events budget for. So, right now, that's basically on hold. We will have a budget if the activities prop passes for Q2, but we probably just won't touch it.

Adam Wozney: so I kind of want to spend some time rethinking what that looks like and then talking maybe with you guys in the next SIG community call and various other calls that are happening to kind of figure out how we can utilize that budget for kind of what the overall theme of this was, which was to find local leaders in different regions where we kind of plant a flag and say we have a Kosh representation in XYZ city or country. So that's where the community events kind of idea is right now. So basically it's on no harm done this quarter because we probably won't touch the budget. But, if we do come up with something, I'll let folks know or if anybody has ideas on that, let me know. Cool. That's it for community activities. Any questions on anything I talked about, hackathons, contributions, or community events? Good. All right. Last up is on the event side.

Adam Wozney: so, Amanda, as you guys all know, helps manage AOSH presence at all of these different sponsored events that we're attending. similar to last year, we're going to be hosting our own conference called Akos Accelerate. This year it will be in New York. This year it will be in June. I'll actually put in the link that was just shared for Akos Accelerate 2025. Give me a second page. Here we go. So, if you guys are interested, you can check out this is basically a placeholder. I think the graphics going to be updated, even some of the copy will be updated. We're still locking in speakers.

Adam Wozney: We're still locking in some of the agenda items. So Amanda, that's kind of her main focus over the next months here. the one aspect of Akos Accelerate that I think we're going to be doing that we did also last year was global watch parties. So I'm working with insiders ring master specifically to host live streaming watch parties of Akos Accelerate. so I'm going to be working probably in our next call I'll have more updates on this some looking through what we have in terms of budget for pizza, g, for v event venue space, so I'm hoping that we can do some more AOS accelerate watch parties similarly to what we did last year. also insiders are invited to apply to attend and represent AOS at Akos Accelerate. So if anybody is not in the insiders program, go and apply.

Adam Wozney: That's your ticket to potentially represent Akos and attend AOS accelerator and help checking people in, helping out at our side events, potentially be getting on stage and talking if interested. this is kind of our big to-do event of the year because it's fully owned by us. all day. It's a proper conference. and from what Amanda's been telling me, the venue is awesome. far who's on the agenda, the lightweight run of show that's been put together is awesome. and I think there's a lot of great opportunities for Kosh Accelerate that it coincides with permissionless. So, there should be people flying in for permissionless. this is going to be happening the day before permissionless starts. So, I think the venue holds around 500 people. So, it should be a pretty packed house. from what I heard last year in consensus in Austin, it was a pretty packed agenda. They had over overflow seating. So, I'm expecting kind of similar things for this event. But, it's all being worked out right now.

Adam Wozney: I'm sure Amanda will be holding some events working group calls, give you updates on this, but I'll make sure to update folks in this call as well as Akos Accelerate is being put together. So, any questions on that? That's really the big event focus right now is AOS Accelerate, but I know there's a handful of other events that are on the docket that Amanda's working on, but really a lot of her attention is being focused on this event because it is AOSH's kind of big event of the year.  So, we want to make sure that it's killer. But any questions on All that's my agenda. now it's basically open to anybody here that wants to share ideas, talk about any of these programs, anything at all. Is there anything that anybody needs help with, thoughts, support, questions, concerns, things that are missing, things that we like?


### 00:35:00

Adam Wozney: Now is the time to jump in or else we'll just end our call a little bit early.

Joao Luna: I don't think there's anything from my side. I think

Adam Wozney: Works for me. Gives me some time back. It's sunny outside, so I want to get outside and get some sun. I'm losing my San Diego tan, so I'm fine with that. cool. that's all I got, guys. it looks like the activities prop should pass. It's snowing. I don't envy that death list. it looks like the activities prop should pass. So, we should have budget for all those things that I had mentioned. if you guys do have thoughts, concerns, ideas on things that are outside of those community programs or activities, head over to the SIG community channel.

Adam Wozney: I would love to kind of do things that, are totally owned and, represented by the community itself. So, if you guys do want to do something, if you say something, it's but head over to the SIG community chat if you have thoughts, questions, concerns. Other than that, I guess we'll wrap up a little bit early. And, thank you guys for attending April's SIG community call. And, yeah, as always, I'll see you guys in the metaverse. Thanks for attending, guys.

Joao Luna: All

Rodri R: You guys. Take care.


### Meeting ended after 00:37:17 üëã

