# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28

## Agenda

* Planning for Akash Accelerate 2025
* Updates on the four core community programs
* Progress on community activities
* Status of insider-led initiatives
* Announcements, feedback, and open floor discussion
 

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, June 18, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Alejandro
- Benjamin B
- CriptoRuim
- Damir Simpovic
- Deathless
- Dimokus
- Fenil Modi
- George Pro
- Jannick Haus
- Jaseemuddin Naseem
- Luna
- oÃ¯clid
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Rodri
- Tyler

## Meeting Notes

### Akash Accelerate Planning

* Scheduled for June 23 in New York City, ahead of Permissionless.
* Local watch parties are being coordinated in regions like, Nigeria, India, Ukraine, and Kenya.
* Speakers and schedule finalized; Amanda is leading logistics.
* Watch party organizers reminded to capture feedback, photos, and attendance metrics.
* A recap blog and videos will be shared after the event.
* Call-to-action for anyone planning to attend or host a local viewing event.

### Community Program Updates

**Vanguards**

* Continue to provide support on Discord and Telegram.
* Common topics: Console loading issues, provider setup, GPU access.
* User satisfaction remains high.
* Feedback being collected to improve triaging and reduce repeated issues.

**Ring Masters**

* Hosted multiple events in May and early June.
* Focus remains on event quality and driving community activation post-event.
* Planning several watch parties for Akash Accelerate.
* Event submissions now coordinated via Luma and shared in Discord.

**Navigators**

* Supporting \~13 projects through onboarding.
* Senior Navigators handle technical assistance and provider matching.
* Junior Navigators are preparing to start lead generation phase with AKT incentives.
* New workflow is being piloted for tracking engagement and progress.

**Alchemists / AkashEdu**

* Four community-built beginner courses are complete.
* AkashEdu platform is expected to launch in July.
* Includes course content, quizzes, and automated certificate generation.
* LinkedIn verification integration is in planning.
* Intermediate-level course development to begin after launch.

### Community Activities

**Hackathons**

* No Akash-owned hackathons scheduled for Q3.
* Some Ring Master-led workshops and local mini-hackathons are ongoing.
* Budget still available for meaningful proposals.

**Contributions**

* Pilot program ongoing, with contributors being matched to tasks on GitHub.
* Progress and performance tracking framework being refined.
* More structured updates expected in July.
* Community encouraged to suggest new bounty ideas or tasks needing support.

**Community Events**

* Strategy has shifted to support insider-led events with clearer objectives.
* Side events at global conferences are paused due to limited impact.
* Any proposals for local developer or student events should be submitted early for review.

### Insider-Led Initiatives

**Regional Leads**

* Program is yet to start.
* Internal planning and documentation in progress.
* Kickoff scheduled after Accelerate concludes, beginning with pilot in select regions.

**Mentorship Program**

* In planning phase.
* Early discussions around using Vanguards and Navigators as mentors.
* Structure and incentive alignment are ongoing.

**Grants**

* Grant framework being finalized for small ecosystem projects.
* Launch expected after Akash Accelerate.
* Grants will focus on education, tooling, and ecosystem growth.

**Community Engagement**

* New Discord engagement ideas being discussed.
* Focus is on quality participation vs. gamified metrics.
* Insiders are encouraged to co-lead engagement campaigns post-Accelerate.

**Student Programs**

* Still in early stages.
* Outreach underway to university clubs in Ghana, India, and Ukraine.
* Future plans to align AkashEdu content with academic programs.

### General Updates

* Talkbase shutdown continues to affect contributor tracking.
* No replacement tool selected yet.
* Luma and GitHub being used temporarily for coordination.
* Suggestions still welcome for new community management tools.

## Action Items

- Adam to follow up on watch party logistics and provide post-Accelerate comms
- Ring Masters to finalize and promote local watch parties
- Contributions team to prepare engagement report for July call
- Finalize AkashEdu platform launch by end of July
- Insiders to express interest in joining new initiatives (regional leads, grants, engagement)
- Community members to continue sharing feedback in Discord

## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello. Getting some more folks Let me make an announcement. We're kicking off this Monthly All right. See if some other folks join.

Adam Wozney: Man, it's definitely the summer months. Nobody's pull up my notes. if it's just you guys, this might be a pretty short call, but we'll see here. Give me a second. Where do my notes  Another person in here. All right. How's everyone doing? Can I get a thumbs up if you're alive unless you're driving in your cars Demir seems to like to drive in his car in his calls lately. we'll Looks like people Deir's good. All right. Getting some more people in here.

Adam Wozney: Where are my notes? There they Put them here. All  Let's give another minute or two and I'll kick things off 13 parties. Now it's ready.

Adam Wozney: Maybe one or one more minute here and I'll kick it off. It is recording. I think it automatically starts recording now. So I won't Turn this down. Somebody else coming on. All right. I admitted him. For some reason, he's not getting in here. follow up.

Benjamin B: It could be that you just didn't click the button to join. After you approve them, there will be a confirmation first.

Adam Wozney: Got that checks. All right, cool. I think I can kick this off.  It's recording for folks that aren't able to join. But thank you guys for joining today's monthly SIG community call on the 10th of June 2025. as always, I have a handful of agenda items that I will cover. But before we get into my agenda items covering all the different community programs and activities happening at Akos right now, are there any agenda items you guys want me to add?  I'm adding yours, Ben, because I know you wanted to talk about Zely. So, let me add that to the agenda here. We'll say Ben Zeely. But besides that, are there any agenda items anybody would like to cover in today's Going once, twice, sold. All right.

Adam Wozney: So as a reminder the SIG community definition is we use this call and we use the SIG community channels to discuss support and manage Akos community initiatives. I focus most of my time on two different aspects of the One is community programs and one is community activities. Everything that has been defined by the governance proposals that we put out at the beginning of the year and that we put out quarterly. So I will be spending most of my time covering those aspects.

Adam Wozney: as always, if you do have questions, just raise your hand and I'll include you in the conversation. But before I get any of any other thoughts before I kick it off? All right. So, on the community program side, there are four community programs currently live. The Vanguards, Ring Masters, Navigators, and Alchemists. I will spend a quick update giving you guys the latest on each of those programs. First is the Vanguards. and for folks that are unfamiliar, Vanguards are technical support inside of our various community channels. they are the front lines of users, people that are just interested in answering technical questions, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Without them, we would be in trouble. So, big shout out to all the different Vanguards helping. I'm just going to call out one stat from the previous feedback form that the Vanguards filled out for May.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: 75% of people I interact with are very satisfied with Akos and 25% are just satisfied. So that's all because of the big shout out to the Vanguards for helping out with that. And another highle data point is they're averaging around 300 questions per month that they're responding to just on Discord alone. So Vanguards are incredibly important to the ecosystem. So thank you to all the Vanguards helping out with things. know there's a couple Vanguards in this call. Anything you want to call out Vanguards, anything you'd like to shout out for this past month? If not, totally cool. Ben, go for it.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think I've been noticing a few more messages this month than the previous months this year. So, it's ramping up a little bit, which is good.

Adam Wozney: Yeah.  Another data point, thanks for calling that out, Ben, is every month the Vanguards filled out a feedback form on the support activities that have taken place in the previous month. And one of the questions that we ask them are how many questions they're responding to each day. a vast majority, something around 70 to 80% are saying that they're answering one to five questions per day, which is totally manageable.  But if that number ever changes where 80% of the Vanguards are answering 10 or more questions a day, then we will probably want to think about onboarding additional Vanguards, which we do have budget for. it's just kind of a bucket of funds that we can pull from. But until that happens, we won't be pulling from it and it all goes back into the community pool. So it's a good problem to have. We want more questions coming in because that just means there's more people using AOS. So that's it for Vanguards. Any questions?

Adam Wozney: All right. Next on the community programs agenda is Ring Masters. And for folks unfamiliar, ring masters are local event organizers hosting events in different parts of the world introducing people to Akos. I did a quick look at the numbers for May and it looks like we held four events in total in May. So about one per week, which is pretty cool. they took place in two countries, Nigeria and India.  But we do have ring masters all over the world hosting events, doing different things at various times. there might actually been more events in May, but ring masters have to fill out a form just letting us know about the events that they've held and how many folks were in attendance and all that stuff. if you want to kind of see some of the activities that they're up to, you can always go to the Discord channel. We have a regional events channel that's where they're posting pictures. They're sharing RSVP links. They're highlighting things that they're working on.

Adam Wozney: But just in May alone, we had over a thousand attendees that were introduced to Akos from those four events, which I think is pretty awesome. and beyond just those events, they are getting involved in other communities in their local areas, introducing people to Akos. So I think the rig masters program is going really well. I know we have a couple Anything you want to call out rig masters on this call from the events you held this past month or in May?  nothing to call out. Unbelievable. No worries. But if you are interested in that, head over to the regional events channel and you can get more involved in some of the local activities happening around the world. next on the program's agenda, I wanted to call out navigators very quickly. and for folks that are unfamiliar with the navigators program, they are community members that are actively helping users or I guess you could say clients, helping them onboard onto Akos.

Adam Wozney: most of who they work with are large projects. They need access to more resources than just a single developer playing around with some aos. So they are very much helpful in getting larger projects that need big resources onboarded. because a lot of these projects are not familiar with the kosh but they are familiar with lowcost GPUs. So that's probably why they want to connect with us. we're currently working with a growth agency that has been kind of taking up the mantle of helping organize some of the client management or new users that are coming into AOS. And so while we have budget for I believe 10 navigators every month to help out with this we've actually brought it the number back down to two right now. So we have two navigators that are essentially full-time helping support new users on board our programs or projects to Akos.

Adam Wozney: I am starting to think about what the navigators program looks like now that this kind of new I guess formula has been a little bit more shaped and defined. initially we had junior navigators who were unpaid but they were kind of helping introduce people to a scaled we could bring them on as a full-time navigator but with this new formula it doesn't really make sense to do it that way anymore.  So, I'm re kind of thinking through what budget we have and what we approved from the beginning of the year that we could use to scale out the navigators program and scale out new potential leads interested in using Akos through navigators. that means updating the budget or the payouts and the rewards for navigators both junior and potentially senior.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: the onboarding process all the kind of bells and whistles. The Nevergrowth program is fairly I would say it's still new, but it's still kind of being worked out even though we're at a much better place than we were a few months ago.  So, I do want to spend some time over the next month or so thinking through how we bring in new navigators, users through the navigators program. how we manage this incoming leads or the projects that have raised their hands saying they want to onboard to AOS. but we're in a much better place right now. Even if you go onto the website, the first thing you'll see on the homepage is click here to get access to GPUs, which is really the beginning stages of the navigators program, which is pretty cool.

Adam Wozney: But still a lot of things to work out in terms of what the navigators program will look like. But I think within the next few months we'll be in a really good place and we can hopefully bring in some more navigators depending on how many people are signing up asking for support. So that's the navigators update. Any questions on navigators? All next up is the final leg of the four-legged I guess beast the community programs for Akos is alchemists and alchemists in short are content creators for AOS edu. They create demo guides. They create prerequisite docs. They create quizzes teaching people from beginner to advanced at some point what a kosh is and how they can kind of interact with the network.

Adam Wozney: we last month launched the official update to Akos edu with a new platform, four new courses but with 12 lessons total. I'll quickly share my screen. I think I shared this in the last call but I think it'd be good just to show you guys what this looks like. So this is the beginning stages of Akos edu So if you go to the AOS website, click a edu say enroll it'll take you here.

Adam Wozney: This basically just kind of gives you an overview of what Akos edu is and what you can expect from the big shout out to the three alchemists who created the first four courses for aos edu. we haven't promoted it yet. The only place we really push it out was I don't think we even announced it officially that there are four new courses. I'm kind of waiting to do that just because this gets to my next point on a edu. There are five more courses that are being developed currently. once those courses are complete the beginner portion of Akos GD will be over and then I'm thinking through the next version of around 20 different courses for intermediate and advanced users of Akos. But I don't know if we want to promote this until the beginner courses This is live. So if people go to the website you can actually go and enroll and start going through what aashu is.

Adam Wozney: But I don't want to promote it yet because even this early stages I've gotten some feedback like hey we need this. Here's a typo. Can you add making sure that everything is working So that way once we do officially announce promote it. Try to get more people to sign up and learn about Akos. everything should be well thought out and the framework for how the program looks like should be well defined. new instructors will be added.  There's I believe two or three other folks that are helping build the new curriculum for the next stage of Akos edu. But so far this first stage has gone really well. It's around 33 signups so far. So I'm pretty happy with how the alchemist program is working to date. that's it for Any questions on Akashi the Alchemist program? Nope. All right.

Adam Wozney: Next on the agenda is community activities. So this is the other part of the community budget. the three different activities that were listed are hackathons, contributions, and community events. I have some quick updates on each of these. The first one is hackathons. the way the budget has been defined is people that want us to sponsor their hackathons and then our own hackathons.  So there's kind of two parts of the hackathons's budget because of all the things I just mentioned from community programs and a few of the other items and the community activities. I haven't touched athons. Hackathons are basically on a back burner. We do have some hackathons that come in through different OCL members and that's being supported directly through OUCL. That's separate from the community budget.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: but I hope to at some stage before the end of the year start spending a little bit more time on the hackathons or community hackathons because there are a lot of different opportunities for us to get involved but it just really comes down to bandwidth. We're a pretty small team and everybody's working on a lot of different stuff. So all the budget that we put in for hackathons we haven't touched. it will all go back into the community pool.  So, no big loss there, but, hackathons on the community side, are basically still on the back burner. Any questions on that? All right, Next up is contributions. so there's really two ways that anyone external to the Akos community that's new can get involved in actually helping contribute to core code and core activities within the technical aspects of our GitHub.

Adam Wozney: and awesome aos and all those different things. one is people just go and check out the issues page and just start doing things and people are more than welcome to do that. However there are folks that still need a little bit more handholding in getting involved and they don't know where to start.  So, we brought on a Koshen Cider who is kind of our contributions manager and she's has a background in contributions programs and bounties programs and so she's kind of helped to find the framework for handholding individuals that do want to contribute to AOS and plugging them into issues that live currently on our GitHub. she's currently working on kind of a report framework for that.

Adam Wozney: I was hoping to get her in this call for an update, but she's doing other things today, so she's unable to join. But I'm hoping for our next Sega community call, I'll be able to give a highle update on what have been some of the big wins from the contributions program. She did want to call out that currently there's around three different contributors that are actively building things that are part of contributions, which I think is pretty cool. it sounds like she's actually working with Rodri who is one of our insiders also with Benjamin on some ZLY activities. So I think they're just having conversations on what that looks like and maybe Ben has some updates on that but I'll leave that alone for Ben in a minute. so I'm excited to hear how that thing goes. And then she's also starting to push out some regular kind of crowd coding events.

Adam Wozney: And I believe the concept for that is getting people into a space where we'll do a call like this and she can kind of actively work through the different issues that are in our GitHub, getting people to tribute, answering questions and maybe even live coding some of the issues that are out there for folks to kind of build on and maybe get community support and developing. So that's it for the contributions program.  Any questions on that? the final leg of the activities I guess programming is community events. So we do have a budget for sponsoring local meetup organizers at events that we are attending through Amanda who heads up events through our sponsored events.

Adam Wozney: So, for example, we did do one at ETH Denver. So, we had a big AOS presence at ETH Denver. I reached out to some local community leads and said, "Hey, we're going to have some Akash people on site. We would love to sponsor your event." All with the goal of finding local community leaders that we could connect with after OCL leaves, after a representatives leave, after the events are over.  So that way we could always go back and say, "Hey, people in Denver, we would love to connect with you on an upcoming XYZ thing." I'm rethinking what that budget looks like and I'm rethinking how we can use that budget for various community event activities.

Adam Wozney: And the reason why I'm thinking about reestablishing that is I get hit up overclock labs we get hit up in general for people that want to get their event sponsored and have some sort of a kosh support for it. The biggest issue with that is we don't want to just throw money at an event and then just cross our fingers and hope that it works out.  So the idea behind this is finding community events that are of significance that we are not going to for a large presence like we have a booth and speaking and all that stuff but working with different community events and plugging in individuals to attend those events represent a kosh and connect with different community members and different event organizers to kind of establish relationships so we can kind of plug into future activities with those


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: different programs, community leaders, event organizers. So, I'm rethinking what that budget looks like a little bit. which leads me to my final point. I'm starting to work on our Q3 programs and activities governance proposal.  So while at the beginning of the year we put out a big proposal for the full year of activities and the full budget for these community programs that I had mentioned and the activities quarterly we do put in kind of an update here's what we're requesting for the upcoming three-month period. So I am working on what that looks like.  I'll probably be sharing it with insiders who I know not everyone else calls an insider just for their thoughts and feedback and the community events budget and the out and the navigators budget that I had talked about here earlier. I'm thinking about readjusting those things a little bit and putting up for a gov prop to get approved. so That's it on the programs and activities.

Adam Wozney: Any questions on any of those things I just covered? The Vanguards, ring masters, navigators, alchemists, hackathons, contributions, community events. Any questions on those things? Nope. All right. almost done with my agenda and then we'll hand it over to Ben on the ZLY side. But I did want to quickly call I brought this up in our last SIG community call. I got some feedback from kind of our top tier community members on different things they dislike, want changed as a part of the kind of community activities. and they came up with five really great ideas on different programs that we could establish to kind of help scale out AOSH around the world and support individuals that are using Akos. I'm currently focused on two of the five different ideas that they had.

Adam Wozney: One is around regional leads and these would essentially be kind of community leaders within a certain geographic location. helping onboard kind of individuals on the city level to be essentially community managers within a city and the regional lead would basically kind of support and organize activities on a regional countrywide level. that's still taking a little while because of all the other things that I had mentioned but that is something that we're thinking about.  And then the other thing that we've been talking about is engagement. And this is really focused on making our community as sticky as possible. introducing people to AOS, getting more community members to join our Discord, our Telegram, YouTube, all the different channels that we have. So that is a little bit more further along and I'm behind on setting up a follow-up call for all the different community members that have been interested in kind of getting involved in the community engagement side of things.

Adam Wozney: So those are two other kind of back burner items that are being worked on but I just want to call those out as things that are happening all as a part of the AOS insiders program. And then the final thing is I would be doing AOS disservice. I did not call out AOSH accelerate is going to be happening. by our next call AOS accelerate will be over but this is our second annual kind of large conference all for Akos dayong event.  It's happening right before permissionless in New York City. As of last check, there's over a thousand RSVPs for that. So, big shout out to Amanda and Zach and the team that have been helping organize Akos Accelerate as our kind of big, I guess, prime time showcase event, where we'll talk everything about one final quick note on Accelerate as well is, there's a lot of people that are not able to fly out to New York to attend Aos accelerate.

Adam Wozney: So I am working with around 13 different ash insiders to host local regional watch parties. And this is basically for anyone who They can go and RSVP to these events. They can go to their local cities. They're all around the world. They're going to be in looking in Sweden, Nigeria, Spain, India, Ukraine, where else? The United States. they're going to be kind of all over. so we'll be announcing those shortly, but we haven't announced them quite yet because we got to get a couple more things in a row. So stay tuned on my Twitter because that's probably where I'll announce all the different regional events that are happening for AOS Accelerate. And it's just an opportunity for folks in different locations to go and watch the live stream of AOS Accelerate, which I'm really excited about. This one's definitely a lot bigger than last year. So that's it for my updates. Any questions on any of the things I had just mentioned?

Adam Wozney: Crypto, we might do an online watch party within our group. Yes, I believe I'm talking with you. I think you and I are DMing about that. So, we do have a little bit more budget for a few more watch parties, but we're getting close to hitting our budget, but we do have budget for a couple more. So, I think you're well within the confines of making that happen. So, just keep DMing me crypto and we'll talk more. cool. That's it.  So, I'm going to pass it to Ben who has been diligently working on Zeli programming. Zeli is something that over the past year or two has been going on introducing people to Akos, creating tasks and having them interact with the network in various ways. And I know Ben has been working on an updated program for Zeli. So, Ben, feel free to take it away.


### 00:25:00

Benjamin B: Thank you so much, I'm excited to present this updated proposal. I think the introduction you gave of the CE program was quite good. Unfortunately, we haven't been running the program since March, I believe, but we're trying to make sure it gets back on track. I shared the link to this repository earlier in this call but in case any new people have joined I will share it again. we have a number of highlevel updates that I will be going through otherwise there are not that many notable changes.

Benjamin B: so first of all the celic calls that we have been hosting will not be happening as frequently at least I don't think they did that much we did present new things every week or two but there was reason really to keep going with the roles have been changed quite a Robert who was a part of the program previously left the program and the community. So we're trying to find We have some people who have applied already and I will be working on this as just as you mentioned Adam this program will be focused on helping with the community contribution program as well.

Benjamin B: we will be volunteering these resources. so even if this program does not pass, we will be creating missions and reviewing at least for the time being. another thing that we tried to do in the past and we did successfully in the last I believe two months of the cel program is that we will be running it without downtime.

Benjamin B: otherwise there's not much that is new. does anyone have any questions of what this program is or of any of the details I just mentioned?

Adam Wozney: Maybe my only quick question for you is and this is just read me I know so this is not live yet but maybe two questions. One is when do you plan on putting this up live for a gov prop? And then the other is could you maybe just run through a typical I guess quest? So you'll create the different quests and then put them up on ZLY and then the person will complete these quests and then how will you report out the kind of the data from the end of this quarter?

Adam Wozney: You know what I mean? So in Q3 we had 50 different quests. We had 400 people complete these quests. Of those 400 people, 10% of them are now active AOS users or something like that.  You know what I mean?

Benjamin B: That's great.

Benjamin B: I have answers for all of these. so if you want to review this more in depth, you have these three links where we have expected outcomes and for some of these obviously we do not have much information from the first one but we have results as well for all of these past proposals.

Benjamin B: I'm not going to guess how much youth traction we're going to get from this proposal because I'm not sure if we are able to continue with the same celely community or if we have to create a new one because I no longer have contact with Robert who was the main owner of that community. I'm still an administrator, so I should still be able to do everything, but I'm not sure what the best way to proceed there is. Moving on. the timeline is listed in the bottom of this page. So, the 10th of June, which is today, we're presenting in front of the C community call.


### 00:30:00

Benjamin B: We're also going to be presenting in front of the steering committee on the 26 is the plan and after that we will place it on Shane and we'll see how that goes. We might start with the community contribution program before that.

Benjamin B: This has not really led anywhere yet but I'm open to helping out with this. did you have anything else in those questions you asked

Adam Wozney: No.

Adam Wozney: Maybe my only other question is do you for the quests that you have for Zeli? will you make those public before they go live? even just get general community feedback on how the quests will work because I know it sounds like you and some folks would probably be the people reviewing the submissions that come in from the quests and approving. But in terms of the actual quests that you'll put out there, do you have any info on how you're defining those quests?

Adam Wozney: And then my other maybe a follow-up question that is I don't know how they're created, but actually I think that's good. I had another one that I was thinking I lost it. I apologize.

Benjamin B: Yeah. I also remember now that you mentioned you askedâ€¦

Benjamin B: how a typical quest could look So I will start with that. A typical quest could let's say that we're trying to help out the search platform with getting feedback. That's one of the last quests we did. in this quest, people could get instructions on how to find the platform and what they would have to do to get a deployment running.

Benjamin B: And for that one in specific, we only required the users to show proof that they deployed on that platform and that they closed the deployment to get a small payout of I believe 2.5 AKT in the beginning and one AKT at the end. other quests could include multiple prizes or a single prize depending on what sort of quest it is. Sometimes we have quests where only the best submission will get a price. kind of like how a hackathon track is but on a smaller scale.

Benjamin B: moving on to the other question you had about the missions. let me think. You asked if we would, publish the quests before. we've not done that in the past. I'm not sure we're going to do it with all of them, but for some of the quests we want to run for a longer time, we might do it. But if we're working closely with another community platform, we would go back and forth with that team, but we would probably not publish it before we publish the quest. And if we find the obvious mistakes from community feedback, we tend to change it pretty quickly.

Benjamin B: Tyler, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: No, thank you for putting this together. I, have generally been in support of the Zilly program. I guess mine is maybe a question slash statement. it would be great, and I think Adam kind of alluded to this in terms of a pipeline from a Zeli user into somebody that's actively either contributing to Akos or using Akos on a daily basis.  It would be interesting to stay closely connected with the contributions program and see if there's a pipeline that can be added to this request. It's like all right, we get the top Zilla users that win prizes. We try to bring in to do contributions that help out with console or help out with the network in general as maybe a pipeline for some folks.

Tyler Wright: that is there any plan to do that? is that something that you see as an idea that is a good idea, a bad idea?  Just want to hear your thoughts on that kind of pipeline from Zeli user to maybe an insider or somebody that's actively contributing to the Akash network on a grander scale.


### 00:35:00

Benjamin B: Thanks for the question or statement or whatever, I really like that idea. I didn't write anything about it in this discussion, but I've been thinking about of course the missions will be crafted to have some sort of funnel where people eventually will become insiders or active contributors. I did not think about tracking a lot of data myself in regard to exactly what the users or who the users are and ex their exact contributions but maybe that's something I will consider.

Benjamin B: I have been considering because the program had a lot of abuse in the end like a lot of automated quest completions which we were able to detect but I'm worried that this issue might become larger as time goes on.  I'm thinking about having some missions maybe only be available to insiders which could help people go from insiders that are not contributing that much and are maybe not active at all to funneling those to active contributors as well.  But I will probably add the tracking data part for normal users as well.  Does this answer your

Tyler Wright: Yes. Yes, it does. I think that would be terrific to try and track that behavior and see if there's anything like in terms of missions that attract certain types of people that end up being members. my only other question is looking at the budget more specifically. It has a monthly request. Is this to be done over a quarter or are you going to request what is the requesting cadence?  Okay.

Benjamin B: I think I wrote that it will ask for four months in a row keeping one month as a buffer. and every fourth month new funds will be requested and if that fails we will try to tweak the proposal and ask for funds again so that the funds doesn't run dry during that month. but it will be divided into quarters.  So we will have a Q4 proposal and so on. And since the timeline doesn't fully match up with the Q3 order, we will remove some of the funds for the first month.

Benjamin B: So we will only be asking for two months plus the third buffer month I believeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Is it possible to update the proposal before you make it live to include the total budget for the quarter andâ€¦

Benjamin B: because No worries,â€¦

Tyler Wright: break that down and then have this monthly request right under it. But the monthly budget makes sense to me. It's very clear. I just want to see what the total number is on a quarterly basis and then have that kind of explained maybe a little bit higher up. Sorry if I missed that.

Benjamin B: Tyler. I'll make sure to add that before publishing it on the discussions forum.

Adam Wozney: Cool.

Benjamin B: right.

Benjamin B: Does anyone else have any questions or is it back to Adam?

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Any final questions or thoughts for Ben before we, I guess, wrap up for today's call? Unless anyone else has any other agenda items? Nope. All right. we got one for Tyler.

Adam Wozney: Go for it.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, Adam.

Tyler Wright: You're not going to like me for this,â€¦

Adam Wozney: How dare you.

Tyler Wright: but there is a discussion that I want to bring up justâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Boy.

Tyler Wright: because it touches community a little bit. We'll talk more about it in more detail for those that really want to get involved. Obviously, it's open for anybody right now. but, the idea is to have more of a in-depth discussion during sick economics because it's a lot of stuff in the community pool. but I do want to follow up on discussion 930 which is discussion I put up on behalf of overclock labs. the high level of it is overclock labs u is an organization obviously aos network is an open overclock labs is the core contributors and the creators of akos network but there are many people that are stakeholders at this point.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Overclock Labs has been carrying a fair bit of burden in terms of financial timing and otherwise putting on the back burner Overclock Labs kind of building a business as it continues to just contribute to our clash open source network with console with just general network management community management all the things that Adam has talked about in this call in terms of community building shephering organizing and all  a follow through that happens. And so really this pro there have been other proposals through the ape structure for specific projects that are taken on by the core team whether it be the events community proposals specific apes for features that the core team has been developing for the betterment of the AOSH network.

Tyler Wright: but again this proposal specifically is for just general services whether it be general infrastructure services that Overclock Labs has been paying for related to sandbox environments and test nets for years and just engineering costs for public goods community support and some of the efforts that have gone on in terms of just administrative support and kind of shephering. the goal is to have some of those services be supported by the community pool. and so I just wanted to see if anybody has any questions. We'll talk more about this in detail tomorrow. But I do want to bring it up the administrative support portion whether it be SIG and working groups and some of the stuff that I do or again the community work that Adam does that again he doesn't get paid via the programs that come out as a manager.

Tyler Wright: just we have budget for those programs and Adam just continues to push forward and get paid by overclock labs. So I wanted to see if anybody has initial thoughts or questions. again feel free to drop comments thoughts in the discussion andor again sig economics tomorrow will be more of an open discussion around this and a couple of other proposals that have gone up for discussion andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Go for it, Ben.

Tyler Wright: then one from Minscan again that hasn't gone up for discussion yet but I just want to make the community aware of so I think I dropped some of this in the insiders channel but just want to share to the wider  group for general feedback or specific feedback or just see if I can answer any general specific questions.

Benjamin B: Thanks, One thing I'm wondering about this discussion, Tyler, is in case the community really doesn't like one part of this, let's say that for example, the community would not support the DevOps support for whatever reason. when clumping together so many of these how would overclock labs make sure to try to take that into account when publishing the proposal. Would you try to just ask for everything or would you make changes if the community were not to support it in its entirety?

Tyler Wright: And I think that the reason why this is up for discussions right now is to get community feedback. So if community has push back on any part of the proposal, myself and other members of Overclock Labs team would love to hear about that and make changes to the proposal or push back if we need to. so again, the conversation is open.  this is not like a done deal and we're looking for feedback from the community on specific items. And I think I've spent a lot of time other members of the Overclock Labs team spent a fair amount of time kind of like structuring out all the items that go into this kind of services proposal so that there's no overlap with many of the other efforts that are ongoing from members of Overclock Labs team.


### 00:45:00

Adam Wozney: Any other questions for All right. Unless anybody else has any other agenda items, we are going to wrap up this month's SIG community call. All right. as always, thank you guys for joining this. These recordings will go live onto the website at a later date. But in the meantime, if you have any questions, concerns, thoughts, feedback, anything you want to share, head over to the SIG community channel in Discord. Make your voices heard. Definitely spend some time on GitHub reviewing any gov props that are live,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Look at this.

Adam Wozney: whether it's from OCL or other community members, because your feedback goes a long way. but other than that, as always, thank you for joining and we'll see you in the metaverse later everybody.

Benjamin B: Thank you guys. Bye-bye.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Adam. Stay in the metaverse.


### Meeting ended after 00:46:04 ðŸ‘‹


