# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #30

## Agenda

* Updates on all Akash Community Programs
* Review of Insider application quality and geographic trends
* Zealy program relaunch and budget discussion
* Community contributions and GitHub-driven dev initiatives
* Regional Leads onboarding timeline and expectations
* Sponsorship and community event participation process
* General feedback and open discussion


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 12, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

* Adam Wozney
* Andrew Gnatyuk
* Benjamin B
* CriptoRuim
* Damir Simpovic
* Deathless
* Jannick Haus
* Joao Luna
* Joe Deng
* Julius Haus
* Nasriwala Kapil
* Pope Black
* Purity Ochuko
* Rodri R
* Ron Heiblum

## Meeting Notes

---

### Insider Program

* A promotional campaign to recruit more qualified Insiders has been launched.
* Without promotion: \~1 application/day (\~30/month), with only 6% accepted due to low quality.
* With promotion: \~3 applications/day, although quality issues persist.
* Applications primarily come from Nigeria and India, though global interest is increasing.
* Current total: \~60 active insiders.
* Criteria for acceptance remains strict to maintain program quality.

---

### Vanguards Program

* Vanguards provide technical support on Discord, Telegram, and other platforms.
* Support volume remains steady at 1â€“5 questions per day.
* Community satisfaction remains high, with a 94.7% satisfaction rate in July.
* Vanguards are also collaborating on onboarding processes and handoff frameworks with Navigators.

---

### Ring Masters Program

* Event-focused community organizers.
* Estimated 27 local events to be hosted in Q3.
* As of August 12th: 3â€“4 events completed, 4 more scheduled.
* Deeper analysis will be conducted at end of quarter.

---

### Navigators Program

* Navigators support large-scale deployments and high-touch users.
* A new onboarding/offboarding framework for support requests has been completed.
* Navigators and Vanguards will collaborate on routing and ownership of user support requests.

---

### Alchemists Program (Akash EDU)

* Alchemists create educational content for AkashEDU.
* Current version of AkashEDU launched in March 2025 with no promotion.
* \~115 signups since launch, with three new courses under development.
* Contributors must be Insiders and technically capable of:

  * Creating prerequisites
  * Producing demo videos
  * Drafting quizzes
* \$1,000 USD reward in AKT per complete course contribution.

---

### Regional Leads Program

* Regional Leads are country-level community managers with roles across business development, event planning, and onboarding.
* Application and interview process has been completed for several candidates.
* Initial cohort expected to be onboarded by early September.
* Program will be piloted until the end of 2025 and assessed for scale-up in 2026.
* Role includes defined OKRs and eligibility is restricted to Insiders.

---

### Community Events & Sponsorships

* New initiative allows insiders to apply for:

  * **Attendance**: Up to 3 insiders per event can be fully funded.
  * **Sponsorship**: Insiders can propose events or hackathons Akash should support.
* 4 reviewed events include:

  * Web Summit
  * India Blockchain Week
  * ETH Safari
  * Gaia Summit (April 2025)
* One approved hackathon: Hackodisha â€“ managed by an insider with goals and review metrics in place.
* Sponsorship proposals must be reviewed in the SIG Community channel and get final alignment with Adam.

---

### Community Contributions (GitHub)

* Managed by Marissa (not present in the meeting).
* Strong Q3 performance: 41 new contributors, up from 28 in Q2.
* New program launched to support newcomers and help them make their first contributions.
* Upcoming blog post will highlight key learnings and new contributor pipeline strategy.
* Two community-led Friday meetings resulted in ideas such as:

  * VPN service
  * Vercel/Netlify-style deployment service
  * Explorer for the Akash ecosystem
* A poll is active on Discord to prioritize next contribution focus area.

---

### Zealy Program (Presented by Benjamin B)

* Program recently restarted; still under one month of activity.
* Key updates:

  * Proposal to move to a **\$150/month annual subscription** to save \$1,200/year (from \$250/month).
  * Benjamin to post the detailed budget breakdown and a poll in Discord.
  * Proposal to use underutilized **Rewards Budget** for the subscription.
* **Game Jam** announced:

  * \$500 USD AKT for development of uAll NetCode open-source library.
  * \$500 USD prize pool to attract game developers.
* Anti-spam measures introduced:

  * High-barrier missions (e.g., becoming a provider or insider).
  * Passcodes for access via Ring Masters being considered.
* 14 new missions launched.
* 26 active users with strong engagement and contribution quality.
* Duplicate accounts being actively removed.

---

### Events Update

* Amanda is focused on **Token 2049** in October:

  * Akash booth, side events, podcast content, and community engagement planned.
* Other events being evaluated before year-end.
* Suggestions for local event participation or sponsorship should go through the SIG Community channel or Amanda directly.

---

### General Feedback

* Adam opened the floor for feedback on overall community structure and program performance.
* Community members are encouraged to share suggestions via the SIG Community Discord channel.

---

## Action Items

* **Adam Wozney**

  * Finalize regional lead onboarding by early September.
  * Review and approve pending community event and sponsorship applications.
  * Monitor performance of pilot attendance and sponsorship initiatives.
  * Coordinate with Zealy and Ring Masters on access protocols for gamified missions.

* **Benjamin B**

  * Post Zealy budget savings proposal and create community poll.
  * Manage Game Jam planning and execution.
  * Continue improving anti-spam measures and contribution alignment.

* **Marissa (Contributions Lead)**

  * Publish Q3 GitHub contributions blog post.
  * Launch new contributor engagement framework.

* **Community Members**

  * Apply to be Regional Leads if qualified.
  * Participate in Zealy activities and provide feedback.
  * Propose events/hackathons for sponsorship via the SIG Community channel.
  * Vote in Discord polls and contribute to GitHub ideas.
  * Apply as course creators if eligible and skilled.


## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello. All right,â€¦

Benjamin B: DM.

Rodri R: Hey guys.

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: just making an announcement. M SG community channel and we'll  All send that off. Pull up notes. one more thing I got to pull up here. there we go.

Adam Wozney: Okay, I think I will kick things off to keep us on schedule. Thank you guys for joining today's SIG community call on the 12th of August, just as a reminder for folks that are watching this or tuning in for the first time, SIG community call is focused on discussion, support and management of the initiatives. So anything that either folks from OUCL or the community itself proposes, we discuss it here and we decide on next steps to maybe make these things come.

Adam Wozney: I as always have a handful of agenda items I'm going to be covering, but I want to make sure that I include agenda items from you all. I have a ZLY update. So, Benjamin, in case you were wondering, I want to pass it to you in a little while to talk about ZLY program, how everything's going there. But beyond that, any agenda items, anything you guys want to cover in today's call? All right, then I'll kick it off. so as I mentioned in our past few community calls, I'm focusing these SIG calls around the community programs and community activities that were proposed through our gov crops from Q1, Q2, and Q3. So on the program side, that's where I'll be starting off.

Adam Wozney: Just want to call out a couple of the things and initiatives that are happening within the program side. First on the insiders and insiders are kind of the tip of the community sphere. They're involved in everything from code contribution to events to community support. There's a million things insiders are we did start this past month a promotional campaign on the overclock lab side that is focused on finding and onboarding new insiders into the community. generally without promotion we average around one application per day. usually about 30 a month. most of which are not up to the quality of insiders we'd want.

Adam Wozney: they're probably moonboys or moon girls just looking for, when the number go up. But we do get a lot of folks who are not that. So without promotions, we get around one per day. With promotions, we've been averaging around three per day. So it has helped increase awareness of the insiders program. most are in Nigeria or India in terms of the applications that are coming in, but we have had a number of folks outside of those regions. we still have an issue with the quality of submissions. Most of the insider applications that are coming in are just not quality. They're people that don't have a GitHub repo. They're people that are, wind number go up. they're people looking to kind of gain understanding of what AKT can do for them. So, majority of the people that actually apply do not, get admitted into the program.

Adam Wozney: I pulled this stat a couple weeks ago where only around 6% of all applicants actually get included into the insiders program, which is good and It's good because it's very exclusive. We want to make sure that the people that are in the insiders program are interested in getting involved, want to kind of better themselves. but it's bad because, we're just not getting quality applications. I'm hoping that with the promotions that we've been doing, we'll find some more folks that are up to the quality of insiders, but that's yet to be determined. I'm still going through a lot of those applications. I think I'm up to speed, but there's a few that I need to connect with. we have onboarded a few new insiders. I think we're a little over 60 now total around the world. which is pretty cool. So, inside of program, all good there.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: on Vanguards, as a reminder, our technical support and Discord, Telegram, amongst other things that they do. They also help onboard new insiders. in our last monthly support from July, they're still averaging around one to five questions per day. So nothing outrageous. could be less than that, could be more, just depends, but on average, one to five questions per day.  And in general, the community is either very satisfied with the amount of responses that they're getting from our technical support vanguards. So around 94.7% are either satisfied A majority is actually very sat technical support on the Vanguards very important. definitely going really really well.

Adam Wozney: I would like to see more questions coming in, but ultimately that depends on people that need support and kind of dig into Aasha any Vanguards on the call want to call out anything or you think that's good enough? A minute? Nope. All right, I'll move on. Next up is Ring Masters. So, Ring Masters, as a reminder, another part of the insiders program, are local event organizers.  So, I think I talked about this last call a month ago, which seems like forever ago. in Q3, the ring masters are planning roughly 27 events, so almost one per day, which is pretty amazing. so far this month, what day is it? The 12th with Remasters have hosted three or four events so far, I believe, and there's four more events upcoming that the remasters are hosting.

Adam Wozney: that's kind of it on the ring master side. Really not a lot to talk about until the end of the quarter. That's when we crunch all the numbers in terms of attendees and how many events were hosted and any additional benefits of the ring masters program. But any questions on the ring masters program or for any ring masters on the call? Anything you'd like to call out? Nope. All right, moving up very briefly on the navigator side. So navigators are kind of white glove service helping small, medium and large tier projects deploy onto the AOS network. only thing that I really worked on in the navigator side this month was kind of a support framework for navigators and vanguards to kind of hand off potential users depending on the amount of support needed and kind of where they are in their project life cycle.

Adam Wozney: So, we worked on a light framework for that. I shared it with the Vanguards and the navigators to review. Looks like we're good there. So, I'm hoping by the end of this week, we can kind of make it official in terms of how we on onboard and offboard users who need support for Akos. Other than that, that's really all we got on any other navigators on this call have any highle updates they'd like to call out or should we move on? Nope. All right, cool.

Adam Wozney: Yanick says real quick in the chat, 300 bands in 30 days in Discord via the bot. So yes, very good call out, Yanick is the builder of the AKT sweeper, I believe it's and he's done a phenomenal job of helping make our discord safe, clean, less spammy. so 300 bands in 30 days, that's averaging what? Three per day. Pretty cool.  So, big shout out to Yanick for helping create that bot. He did it out of the kindness of his own heart. That's what makes our community the best. Benjamin says, " we'll go to Zelian a minute for Ben." I'm not going to give your update for you, Ben. moving Alchemist, as you guys may be familiar with, are our educational content creators.

Adam Wozney: we launched Akos this is the third version of Akos edu late March and we haven't done any promotion since then we have about 115 signups for people that are going through the courses that are available currently we have all community developed thanks to everyone who built those. There are currently three courses that are kind of under construction. We're aiming to have those up by early end of this quarter early next but there's really no timeline.  And it kind of just depends on the availability of our course builders. But so far everything's pretty good on the alchemist side. we do have a number of courses that we would like people to contribute to creating. So if anyone on this call is interested in developing three pieces to each course, which would be a prerequisites an actual demo video, and a 10 or 20 question quiz.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: and you want to earn a thousand dollars US in AKT and most importantly you have the technical skills to create these videos and you understand the sh. If you are interested in learning more about that, send a message to the SIG community channel. Just tag me and I will reach out and we'll see if we can plug you into that. That's it on the alchemist side. Next is regional leads. So this is one of the newest programs that we're launching as a part of the insiders community. regional leads are basically going to be community managers on the country or regional level. So they're essentially doing what I do day in and day out where they'll be finding new community members to join the insiders program and all the different projects and programs that I just mentioned to you masters navigators etc.

Adam Wozney: They They'll be sponsoring local events, hackathons, workshops. they'll be getting up on stage talking about what Akos is, introducing new startups to Akos to hopefully help them on board. So think of them as a mix of business development, community building, event organizing, a bunch of different things. So we started the regional lead application process. This is specifically for the insiders community.  So, if anyone on this call is not an insider or watching this, apply to the insiders. That's how you get access to this. there's rewards for this. but there are Absolutely requirements for this. Currently, I've gone through a number of interviews, gone through all the applications. Right now, I'm aiming for early September to onboard our first few new regional leads. and then we'll see how it goes. It's kind of a pilot.

Adam Wozney: kind of the idea is to run it through the end of the year and see if it's successful and then reassess for 2026. But I'm really excited about regional leads. It's going to a great way to scale the community in regions where we don't have a strong OS presence. So excited for Any questions on any of those community programs I mentioned? And there are a number of them. Moving on. Rodri, go for it.  No, the alchemist is basically a way that I can reach out to all the people that are currently building courses in a seamless way.

Rodri R: I do have a question on the courses you said that you need to be an alchemist to help out or just send out a message in the community.

Adam Wozney: you do have to be an insider if you want to create these courses. So, I know you are an insider, but for folks listening in, and if you're not, we're watching the recording, you have to apply to join the insiders program, and then we'll get you plugged into all the different things. It gives you access to all these things that we're talking about. but if you are interested in actually creating these courses, there is a bit of a vetting criteria.  We got to make sure that people are technically skilled enough that they can talk about this. They we have to make sure that people understand how to create demo videos, how to draft quizzes and how to draft very simple prerequisite documents because all of that goes onto a PDU. Doesn't have to be perfect, but it has to be good enough where the information being shared give people enough information to do the things that they're teaching.

Adam Wozney: So the long and short of it is if you want to create course for Kashi you have to be an insider. you have to let me know inside one of our insider channels whether it's the insider channel itself or to send me a DM. and then we can review your kind of interest in participating in the Akashi View courses. Next on the agenda is the of things.  So on the activity side, we have launched a few new kind of pilot project pro programs I guess you could call them. So the first is and these are all again all open just to the insider community. but if there are events that insiders think it would make sense to have a presence at i.e. attend and bring a few of their fellow community members with them.

Adam Wozney: they can apply to actually attend those conferences or hackathons. Amanda does an amazing job of pulling together a lot of resources to sponsor events that are beneficial to Kosh token 2049 is coming up. she'll put together a booth, she'll put together a side event and a bunch of other activities, podcast interviews for Greg or whoever else is in attendance.  But you can only do so much and I think this year all said and done she'll have done maybe six to 12 somewhere like that of these bigger conferences but there's so many more events that could be really beneficial for AOS. So leaning on the insider community who are all over the world they see activities and events and hackathons where it would make sense for us to be at whether they're big or small. So they apply to attend those events. I'll review them. We'll talk with them.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: we'll come up with list of goals and then if that checks out we do have a budget to send up to three insiders to these community events that are relevant to so right now there's three upcoming events four that have come in through that application process that I'm reviewing. One is web summit, one is India blockchain week, one is eat safari and one is called I believe Gaia summit happening in Sweden. Benjamin might know what that one is, but those four events I'm reviewing and if we define He gives thumbs down, so he's maybe not familiar. if those four events are deemed interesting and we can align goals for the attending of those events, we will send insiders all expenses paid to represent a Kosh at those events. so I'm excited about this new program. We'll see how it goes. Again, it's still very much a pilot.

Adam Wozney: Maybe the end of the year we might review and say this just isn't working. So we'll see how it goes. That's on the community events and hackathon attendance On the sponsorship side, very similar to what I had mentioned, it's impossible for us to know of all the different events where it would make sense for a CO to have a presence So insiders have the opportunity to apply events or hackathons that they think would be valuable for us to  they may not attend the event but at least sponsored kind of help manage that sponsorship.  So there's currently one hackathon that is happening as a part of this. it's called Hackodisha. one of our insiders is managing our presence there, managing the sponsorship for that and they've come up with a bunch of different kind of goals and we'll review it at the end of the quarter to see if that event was successful for the dollar amount that we put towards that event.

Adam Wozney: one final thing on the sponsorship side. Once the sponsorship overview has been created by an insider, we share it in the SIG community channel for review. And as long as there's no glaring issues and no community feedback is given where it doesn't make sense for us to attend. The last stage is just for me and the insider that proposed that hackathon or event for us to sponsor to review it and see if we can align goals with what we're hoping to accomplish. So, there is one right now that we're testing it out.  We'll see how it goes. and we'll have reviews at the end of the quarter, we'll have an update on how that all Go for it, Ben. It's for next year.

Benjamin B: I checked out the Gaia conference and it seems to have happened already in April this year. So I don't think we're going to send any just so we know I might be available to go to this one.

Benjamin B: It's only an 8 hour drive or even shorter if you fly or take the train. So keep it in mind.

Adam Wozney: We'll take that offline.

Adam Wozney: We'll take it offline and we'll talk with the person that proposed it. But yeah, that's what I was thinking. So, we'll get to that, but it's not until April, so we got plenty of time to figure that moving contributions.  So, I don't believe Marissa is on the call. She is not. So, Miss Marissa is our contributions manager. She set up a pretty fantastic framework for helping support individuals that would like to contribute code specifically through GitHub issues. last quarter we had 28 signups total since launching it at the end of Q1. And this quarter we have 41 now.

Adam Wozney: So, we're averaging maybe one every three or four days of people signing up that saying they want to contribute. She's actually just recently launched a new I guess you could say program to get people to help contribute to things and help kind of hold their hand along the way to get them to kind of contribute to our GitHub issues or create their own issues. I wish he was on the call, but She could explain it more.  I believe by the end of this week she will have a blog post written listing out all the big wins, all the key learnings, and a new program that she's developing as a part of the contributions program that we're hoping to put up on the cotton blog and then promote it out and hopefully get more contributions that way. But, so far the contributions program has been going very very well. I'm very excited about the future of it and we'll see where it goes. Crypto, go for it.


### 00:20:00

CriptoRuim: Yeah, I can just speak a little bit to thatâ€¦

Adam Wozney: cool.

CriptoRuim: because we did two meetings for the contributions like coming up with ideas. So I think what's coming up like what people wanted more for us to build on top of a cache would be a VPN service. We talked about doing something of a versal or net netifi kind of application but that's going to take a long longer time. So the meetings are happening on Friday I think two two no that's my time sorry I think 9 ESTâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Go for it, Ben.

CriptoRuim: 

CriptoRuim: if I'm not mistaken. and yeah, that's pretty much about

Benjamin B: And the time is 9:30 EST was last meeting at least. I also want to say that there's a poll active on Discord where people can vote what they want the contributions group to work on. Right now it's between a VPN or a Kosh lovable which is explained there. I sent a link to it orâ€¦

Benjamin B: both and then a larger project will be created over the long term in how it looks like right now. one of the long-term goals is to create an explorer unless the goal changes.

Adam Wozney: Very cool.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Benjamin, for the update in crypto. Next on the agenda is Zely.  So Ben, take it away for a Zeli update.

Benjamin B: me All right, this update will probably be longer than most updates in the future because we just recently restarted the program and it hasn't even been active for one month yet now. we have a few things to discuss.  The first thing is that we're trying to see with this group if you think it makes sense to go with an annual subscription, which would place us outside of the budget for the miscellaneous payments, but it would save us 1,200 for the year.

Benjamin B: So I'm hoping to hear some thoughts on that. Otherwise, we don't have anything we're going to put in the budget except for one contest, which is a total of 1,000 USD, I believe. So, thumbs up,â€¦

Benjamin B: thumbs down. Do you think it makes sense to use some of the other budget items like the rewards budget which is currently being underutilized?

Adam Wozney: So the idea is to use some of the rewards budget forâ€¦

Adam Wozney: what is it again exactly? Promotion. Sorry, I missed it.

Benjamin B: We're looking to hear whether or not we can use the annual subscription which costs 150 per month instead of paying 250 per month and then paying for one year nowâ€¦

Adam Wozney: Could you do me a favorâ€¦

Benjamin B: which will put us over budget for this budget item with I believe approximately 1,000 USD for the three months. Yeah, that makes sense.

Adam Wozney: because I'm bad at calculating mental  could you draft up the math and put it into the SIG community or maybe in the ZLE channel and you can tag me and then if anybody on this call or watching this recording wants to review Ben's proposal for usage of the Zelite budget head in there for feedback it might be a better place to go just so everyone kind of look at the numbers and understand exactly what you're thinking. Does that make sense?  Perfect.

Benjamin B: But, everyone here who's interested in having a look on go to that channel and, make thumbs down emoji. All right. Other than that, everything has been going quite smoothly. go ahead, Rodri. Yeah,â€¦

Rodri R: You could add a poll when you share this numbers and so that people can vote whether they agree or not on getting the one-year plan.


### 00:25:00

Benjamin B: that makes sense. Thank you, ri. All right. we decided to use some of the miscellaneous budget to host a game jam, which I already mentioned.

Benjamin B: we're going to use 500 USD worth of AKT to pay for the creation of u all net code which will be in an open-source repository made by Fennel and then we will have io game jam where we're trying to get more game developers to join a kosh and eventually create their own deployments.  We're also going to have a 500 USD price pool for this which is the first two months worth of the miscellaneous budget. we also have implemented a anti-pam measure because we had a lot of bots when we ran this program earlier this year.

Benjamin B: so the first missions you're going to see on CE now are really high barrier missions. You're going to have to create your own contribution or you're going to have to become a provider or you'll have to be an insider to get access to the missions. Right now we're hoping to work with ring masters.  Maybe Adam can help with this to have some passcodes that the ring masters can give out or something similar where people can get access to the missions instantly without having to create their first contribution.

Benjamin B: this first month of the program even though we started on the 14th we have created 14 new missions and some of these missions are in collaboration with other programs such as the community contributions program and the website working group which all also got recognized by ox ballp

Benjamin B: We also advertised their latest issue where they give out 10 USD worth of AKT for just suggesting improvements for the website and we're currently matching those rewards. lastly, we want to mention that the member count is lower than it has been in the past, but instead the quality of each user has been much greater.  Now we don't have any of the bots. We did ban two accounts because someone had the duplicate accounts and from the users a lot of them have been creating smaller contributions to the website or on the issues page that we recently advertised. I see a question from Julius right now.

Benjamin B: we have 26 users who have joined but again we haven't even run for one month yet and haven't had much promotion. That's it for the updates and I'm also going to send out a link both here and in the celely channel where you can review more numbers there. This is an Excel sheet you can view.  It should be fully

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Any questions for Benjamin on the Zelia update? Lots of great stuff there. stay tuned for Benjamin's post in Zeely. He just posted the Q3 tracker and then he'll post some updates and for feedback on the proposed budget changes. So stay tuned in the workg group ZLE channel on Discord. There's some links in the chat for that.  Thank you, jamin. only a couple more quick agenda items before we're wrapped and unless you guys have questions. on the big event that everyone or Amanda is mostly focused on right now is Token 2049. as with most of the events that she plans, we will have a demo booth there or an expo booth.

Adam Wozney: We are planning a side event and then we're also trying to get plugged into a lot of the other side events to get involved in some of the programming that other organizations and communities are building out for token 2049. That's not until October, but as you guys know, it takes a long time to plan for these types of events. So, that's the next big one. She has three other events I think she's starting to think about before the year is over. So, we should have more on those in the future.  Last thing I have is I just wanted to pull you guys really quickly. I just want to see we're more than halfway through the year. I want to see if you have any general feedback on how anything inside the community is going. Is there anything sticking out as a splinter in your side? Are things going really well? Are there any changes that you would propose?


### 00:30:00

Adam Wozney: any thoughts to anything happening inside the whether it's inside our general community, anything at all that you wanted to call out and discuss here today. if not, you can always head to the SIG community channel and leave your thoughts in there as well. But just wanted to open it up for general feedback. Anything If not, all All right, we'll leave it at that. so yeah, final if you guys have any questions on anything we've discussed here today, any of the community activities, any of the proposed events, you can always head to the SID community channel, leave your thoughts in there. feel free to tag me if I don't respond or if somebody doesn't respond, happy to review things. that's really all I got for this month. Any thoughts, concerns before we wrap up today's call?

Adam Wozney: All as always, thank you guys for joining August Community Sig call. I will see you guys in Have a good rest of the month and a good September. And as always, we'll see you in the metaverse. Later, everybody.

Rodri R: Later.

Purity Ochuko: Goodbye.


### Meeting ended after 00:31:49 ðŸ‘‹


