# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #31
## Agenda

* General community program updates from Overclock Labs
* Vanguard, Ring Master, Navigator, and Alchemist program updates
* Regional Leads program progress and governance proposal planning
* Sponsorships and upcoming events (Token 2049, DevConnect)
* Zealy program and demo update
* Akash presence at DevConnect Buenos Aires
* Sovereign Agent Framework proposal by Molach Research
* Post-hackathon report and Hacktoberfest discussion
* ETHGlobal Delhi participation and opportunities
* AkashVPN community project update


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 12, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

* Adam Wozney
* Benjamin B
* Rodri R
* Abhinav Gupta
* Chinedu Nwadike
* Crypto Bushi
* Germany Beal
* Fenil Modi
* AMerePotato (Marissa)
* Jacob Billings
* Jaseemuddin Naseem
* Dimokus
* William Nilsson
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker
* Additional community contributors

## Meeting Notes

### Community Program Updates (Adam Wozney)

* Shared updates on community programs aligned with quarterly governance proposals.
* Vanguards continue to provide reliable technical support with no major issues reported.
* Ring Masters successfully hosted several local events; more upcoming activities listed on the Akash website.
* Navigators program is overwhelmed with leads; Overclock Labs is hiring a sales/business development representative to assist with client onboarding.
* Alchemist program growth: five courses live on Akash EDU, with 282 student sign-ups. More promotional activity planned once additional courses are added.
* Regional Leads program slightly delayed due to budget recalibration; Q4 governance proposal will outline increased regional funding and initial pilot candidates.
* Sponsored hackathons and conferences are only accessible through ambassador and insider communities; application form available.
* Contributions program thriving with ~50–60 contributors since launch, managed by Marissa.
* Upcoming sponsored events: Token 2049 (Singapore, September/October) and potential community-funded Akash presence at DevConnect (Argentina, November).

### Zealy Program and Demo (Benjamin B & Fenil Modi)

* Zealy missions expanded to 15 total.
* Planning an external contest on IO game platform with $500 prize pool to attract hobbyist developers.
* Fenil demonstrated multiplayer game deployments on Akash using a modified SDK.
* Emphasized CPU utilization benefits for game developers.

### DevConnect Buenos Aires (Chinedu Nwadike & Adam Wozney)

* Discussion on whether Akash presence will be Overclock-driven or community-driven.
* Adam confirmed DevConnect participation would be a community-led initiative, funded via governance pool.
* Decision on attendance and representation to be finalized within one week.
* A dedicated DevConnect Discord channel will be created for coordination and opportunities.

### Sovereign Agent Framework Proposal (Crypto Bushi & Germany Beal)

* Molach Research presented their [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1011) on sovereign AI agents running self-sufficiently on Akash.
* Navir AI agent already operational with cross-chain economic loop (Solana integration).
* Seeking community grant funding to expand framework for broader developer use.
* Adam suggested presenting at the upcoming Steering Committee call before moving proposal on-chain.
* Next steps: demo video release, community feedback solicitation, and steering committee presentation.

### Hackathon & Hacktoberfest Updates (Fenil Modi)

* Post-hackathon report from HackOdisha:

  * 6,000+ developers reached, 600+ Akash track applicants.
  * 30+ projects deployed live on Akash during event.
  * Sandbox network maxed out due to demand.
  * Access gained to 60,000+ developer contacts for future marketing.
  * Request for Vanguards to assist in judging submissions.
* Hacktoberfest planning:

  * Global open-source campaign starting October 1.
  * Opportunity for visibility and contributions to Akash projects.
  * Need to define clear, community-solvable GitHub issues and ensure maintainers are available for review.
  * Fenil will draft event proposal using provided template and share in SIG community channel.

### ETHGlobal Delhi (Abhinav Gupta & Fenil Modi)

* ETHGlobal hackathon and Web3 conference happening late September in New Delhi.
* Abhinav suggested Akash side event or sponsorship to engage 2,000+ developers.
* Adam encouraged submission via sponsorship template; budget to be reviewed.
* Fenil confirmed selection as a mentor for ETHGlobal Delhi, reinforcing Akash’s potential presence.

### AkashVPN Project (AMerePotato & Rodri R)

* Community-built [VPN service](https://akashvpn.pupcakes.me/) deployed on Akash, developed collaboratively over 4–5 weeks.
* Demonstrated functionality of VPN servers with downloadable region-specific configs.
* Plans to build additional community tools like transaction alternatives.
* Proposal raised to host project under an official subdomain (vpn.akash.network).
* Adam requested follow-up in SIG community channel to review feasibility, with feedback on polishing automation before official branding.

## Action Items

* **Adam Wozney**:

  * Draft Q4 governance proposal with revised regional leads budget.
  * Create DevConnect Discord channel and share updates.
  * Share hackathon report template for community event documentation.
  * Coordinate with core team on feasibility of vpn.akash.network subdomain.

* **Benjamin B & Fenil Modi**:

  * Launch Zealy contest on IO platform.
  * Share demo game link in SIG community channel.

* **Chinedu Nwadike & Community**:

  * Contribute DevConnect opportunities and connections to new Discord channel.

* **Crypto Bushi & Germany Beal**:

  * Release demo video for sovereign agent framework.
  * Prepare for Steering Committee presentation.
  * Continue GitHub discussion engagement.

* **Fenil Modi**:

  * Post-hackathon report to SIG community channel.
  * Tag Vanguards for hackathon project judging support.
  * Draft Hacktoberfest proposal and share for feedback.

* **Abhinav Gupta**:

  * Submit sponsorship/side event proposal for ETHGlobal Delhi.
  * Follow up with Adam on Ring Master budget.

* **AMerePotato & Rodri R**:

  * Share GitHub repo and project details in contributions channel.
  * Post request for vpn.akash.network subdomain in SIG community channel.

## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Hello. How is everyone doing?

Benjamin B: I'm right.

Rodri R: Hello guys. Good. How about you?

Adam Wozney: I'm alive. How about that?

Rodri R: 

Rodri R: That's good.

Adam Wozney: That's all I can give you.

Rodri R: That's good news.

Adam Wozney: Still breathing. Yeah, it's good news for now. I'm still definitely getting caught up on things. Yesterday I just felt like I was like not here, but I was here. I'm I don't know who I am. Today's the first day and I'm like, "Okay, I think I'm getting back up to speed." But it'll take me the rest of the week to fully feel like I'm back and mentally with it. but we're back just like that. cool.

Adam Wozney: I think we're recording already, so I might actually just start kicking it off. let's see. we'll talk about Burning Man Marissa in the insiders call. this is for the public viewing SIG community call. So, we'll save that for the insiders call. Just another reason for folks watching the recording to apply. I want to thank you guys for joining today's special interest group all focused on community.  As a reminder, I define the SID community calls as an opportunity to discuss, support, and manage AOS community initiatives, both coming from overclock and from community members themselves. I have a handful of agenda items as I always do. Generally, I'm going to be going off of our governance proposals that we put up quarter over quarter just seeing if there's any updates or giving feedback to different activities that are taking place.

Adam Wozney: But before I get into my agenda, is there anything that you guys want to make sure we bring up or discuss in this call? I will add to the agenda. Benjamin, go for it.

Benjamin B: I have a quick update on cer.

Adam Wozney: I already had you in there. Zely update from Perfect. You're in. any other agenda items you guys want to make sure that we discuss in this call? No dev and…

Chinedu Nwadike: Yeah. I would like us to talk about Akash presence in Buon Aries Dev Connect.

Adam Wozney: I'll say that's okay. You're on the Any other cryptobushie. Got it.

Crypto Bushi: Yes, I'm with Mollik Research. We would like to discuss our proposal about the sovereign agent framework that we have active in the GitHub discussions right now.

Adam Wozney: I'll be completely honest. I have not gotten to the point where I've looked at GitHub since for your update, CryptoBushi, I've been offline for three weeks. So, I probably won't be able to ask many questions, but I'm hoping some of the people in this call might have some questions for you about that. But, I'll add you to the agenda.

Crypto Bushi: But I'll add you to the agenda. That's all right. We're just trying to get more eyes on it.

Adam Wozney: All good.

Adam Wozney: And fennel.

Fenil Modi: So I have to send a post hackathon report to the community and…

Fenil Modi: also I want to chat about the fest to the community fest campaign.

Adam Wozney: You mentioned post hackathon report and what else was it? Hacktober. Yeah,…

Fenil Modi: It's a new Yeah.

Adam Wozney: that's always a big one. I always forget about it until it's actually happening. Htober best. And I'll say that's Lots of things to cover. any other agenda items that people want to discuss? Abina, go for it.

Abhinav Gupta: We can also discuss about Global Delhi. This end of September ETH global is doing global event in New Delhi.

Adam Wozney: Global Delhi and that's bby. six things to cover. This is I've been gone for three weeks and just everybody's been doing stuff. I got a lot of catching up to do. Any other agenda items that we'll try to get to before we have to wrap today's call or is that? All right, cool. We'll So, I'll quickly try to go through my quick updates. I don't think this will take too long. just because again I'm still getting up to speed after being out for three weeks. I want to spend as much time on the stuff that you guys brought up for the agenda. But as I always do, I try to cover things or programs or activities that have been listed in our governance proposals that we put out through that we do on a quarterly basis to help fund community initiatives.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: on the program side, I don't really have too many updates other than for Vanguards, and those are folks that help with technical support. I don't think there are any updates, Vanguards on this call. Are there anything that you guys want to discuss? Anything on the technical support side? Give me a thumbs Everything's good. If a thumbs down if everything's bad. I think we're good.  Yeah, I reviewed Discord briefly and it looks like questions are being answered and everything's going well there. So, as always, the Vanguard's doing a bangup job. next up is Ring Masters. Ring Masters are local event organizers all around the world. I did do a quick review of events hosted while I was away and it looks like maybe three or four different events were hosted while I was away and we do have a couple upcoming events.

Adam Wozney: to gain access or you want to learn about those upcoming events hosted by community members, you can head over to the Akos website and just click on the events page and there will be a link to all the different community activities that are taking place there. one big update on the navigator side. So navigators are community individuals that help onboard users onto aos through kind of white club service.  answer questions, help them with inte systems architecting, and get them all the way to deployment. We have recently, I believe, been in the search for a sales representative. This would be a full-time Overclock Labs employee that would actually reach out to different clients, follow up with individuals, answer questions, just be available 99% of the time.

Adam Wozney: because we do get a lot of incoming leads through the website and and through the console for people that need support getting their deployments and their workloads onto the network. So, this will actually take a lot of the onus away from a couple of our navigators who have been just bombarded with leads coming in and responding to messages and incoming calls.  So I think this person is going to come in and do a lot of work helping kind of introduce people to Akos and hopefully get them to the next stage where they can deploy. so that's one big update. I think we're still working on finding someone to kind of be a kind of a business development representative but I think they'll be closely working with the navigators answering questions and getting people to deploy into AOS. So we should have more updates in the next call but that's really the only update that I have on the navigator side of things.

Adam Wozney: And then on the alchemist side, alchemists are individuals that are creating technical content for Akos edu. currently we have five courses that live. I just reviewed we have 282 students that have signed up for Akash edu. Not all of them have completed all the courses, but still getting 282 signups is pretty cool, especially without doing much of a promotional effort. It's only been people just finding us through the website.  I'm pretty sure once we actually start promoting this which I want to start to do once we add a couple more courses I think we'll be able to double or triple that amount of student signups. So I'm really bullish on AkashiDu and the Alchemist program. and I do believe we're having one course being worked on around the Kosh chat API just kind of confirmed community member helping out with that which I'm stoked about.

Adam Wozney: the big thing that I did want to discuss, and this is something before I went away for my three-week adventure into the desert, is And regional leads are community members that will actually own specific geographic locations and essentially do what I'm doing on a global level regionally.  And for me, the big reason why I think this is gonna be beneficial is I'm basically at the point where I can't actively scale the community because there's so many different moving parts and people are working on so many different things technically, sponsored events, contributions, ambassador program, all the different stuff that goes into this. It's a way of effectively scaling our community.

Adam Wozney: So instead of me working with, 10 people in France, I would work with one person in France and that one person would actually turn those 10 people into 100 people. So that's kind of how I'm viewing the regional league program. Before I went away on my desert adventure, I've been interviewing applicants. There's a few people that were moved on, a few people that sent back to the drawing board. and through these conversations that I've had with individuals, I think I need to review the budget in terms of what individuals will need to be successful within their regions because things cost different in the United States, than they do in Japan, than they do in France, than they do in, all over the world.


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: So, I'm going to spend some time reviewing the budget after having my conversations with some of the candidates and actually increasing some of these numbers so people will have more resources to do more things. And I'm going to put that all into the Q4 governance proposal that should go up probably it'll live for community review probably within one to two weeks and then it should go up for voting within two to three weeks. So that way it can go live, it can pass. Fingers crossed.  So Q4 I can really hit the ground running and start onboarding regional leads. And I have a small bucket of individuals that I want to reach out to and say, "Hey, I want you to be a regional lead, but I just need to confirm a few things." So there's been a delay on regional leads. I know I've been talking about it for two months, but honestly, I think it's better to kind of hit from a place of strength where I know what we have in terms of resources and support and who these individuals are managing these different regions.

Adam Wozney: Ultimately, it still will be a pilot. at the end of the year, it might have just blow up and reasonably suck and it's just a terrible initiative. don I think it'll be very beneficial and I think we'll put more resources towards it to get more individuals in different locations. But, currently everything's kind of on a bit of a standby, but I think within the next week or two, I should be able to start saying, "Hey, You're a regional lead Here's the budget we have to work with. Let's start going."

Adam Wozney: So the beginning of October Q4 which is crazy three more months until the end of the year we could really start to build up this program and get more community members involved in a So very bullish on regional leads slight delay things are still moving forward. Just wanted to give an update for folks that are interested in that. on the activity side of things we do have a formula for folks that want us to sponsor hackathons or conferences regionally. it is only open for  our ambassador community. So if there's a community event or hackathon they think that we should be involved in or they'd like to end. We do have an application form for people to fill out, we share it with the community for feedback. There's no big push back. We can move forward on some of these hackathons. Fennel just mentioned a hackathon that we sponsored and he's working on a post hackathon report.

Adam Wozney: So, that's kind of the first of what I hope to be many different community sponsored events that we can get involved in managed solely by community members, which I'm really excited about. contributions. Marissa just updated the tracker. since the launch of the program back in I think March or Aprilish time, I think we've had around 50 or 60 actual contri maybe even more. Mercy, you can correct me if I'm wrong. contributions that have actually come in through the contributions program.  all completely led and owned by Marissa who's been doing a killer job. so if you want to get involved in the contributions program, head over to GitHub. There's a contributions program page that you can review and apply and you could work with Marissa and finding some tasks that you're interested in participating in. last thing before I can hand it off to some of you guys for some discussions around your agenda items is events.

Adam Wozney: The next big event coming up, I don't think Amanda's on this call. she's actually off today. Amanda manages all of our Akos sponsored events where we have, side events, expo table, people attend and represent OS. The big one coming up is token 2049. That's going to be at the end of this month, beginning of October. It'll be in Singapore. we have a lot of things planned there. If you're interested in learning more about what our presence looks like, you could head over to the Discord or there's a Tokyo 2049 channel. Ask your questions, share side events you think that are interesting.

Adam Wozney: that's the next big event happening. And then one that I've been thinking about before I went away on my three-week Desert Adventure was Dev Connect. So while it's not part of our sponsorship budget that Am Amanda manages on the event side, I do think that I would like to pull some community funds to have some AOS representation at Dev Connect. one of the first things I saw when I opened up Telegram and opened up Discord were a number of messages from a lot of different individuals that are interested in getting a kosh involved in depth connect activities.

Adam Wozney: So over the next week or two I think we need to do it probably within the next week need to make a decision on if we can attend DEP connect and who would be able to attend at a high level what I'm looking to do is get involved in side events get some presentation time potentially even sponsor using some of the community pool budget that we have in in and as a part of our community governance proposal.  use some of that budget to sponsor some events and then bring out three or four insider members to represent Akos at Dev Connect. that will be sorted out and probably I would say by the end of this week. So if you're interested in representing AOS at Devcon connect, you got to be an insider. So go and cool. That's it for my very quick and dirty highle updates.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: I'm sure there's a bunch of stuff I've missed, but I just want to see if there are any questions or anything you guys have ideas or thoughts about with anything I just discussed. Nope. All right, then we can move on to your agenda items. And first up is Benjamin, take it away.

Benjamin B: Thanks, this month the update is really short. but we might have a demo. We're up to 15 total missions for CE right now and, we are going to host a contest outside of Celia as well. Next month, we're hoping to host it on IO which is a game jam and game platform and we're hoping to get a lot of hobby developers interested in aos panel. Are you available to host a demo or no? All right,…

Fenil Modi: Yes, I'm available to show a demo. Yeah. So, actually I have been working.

Benjamin B: take it

Fenil Modi: Yeah. Let me share my screen. So, yeah. actually I have been working on this project or we can say modify this it's kind of a SDK where called CS give a enormment or framework to host a multi multiplayer games within different categories like Unity or many popular game engine. So I have modified this SDK to deploy this game on aras. So I have made up a small game. It's not really looking like a game but yeah it's a game. let me share my screen.

Fenil Modi: yeah I can show that. So yeah here you can play and right now this server is running on the aras. It's not looking like a limb but yeah it's game. Yeah. So now we can just start and this how it's While clicking it's going upwards if we movement. So this will show a logo.  That's how I build a small game right now. But yeah, this is just like a demo. any unity developers can build up any game and deploy on the AAS and I also have deployed one another game it's using another framework in a script language. let me set this thing also. it's like ice game.

Fenil Modi: current is also deployed on a so yeah it's a game we can quickly join and it's like a multiplayer game. Yeah we can play ice while with multiplayer with someone else but I need someone else to join to just it's this kind of demon how we are looking for missing can jam program. Yeah that's all I want to say right now.  Yeah.

Benjamin B: Thank you for hosting the demo. So, this was made possible by giving panel a bounty from the CE program. So, we've been working with him over the past, I believe, a month and a half to get this working and we're going to have a price pool of 500 USD for these developers to fight over and hopefully we'll see a lot of new users come in by this. Does anyone have any questions?

Benjamin B: right, you have a question. Go ahead.

Fenil Modi: No, I don't have question…

Fenil Modi: but I want to support this initiative because aas have large pool of CPU units on the marketplace and jam can be a point of where game developers can see Akas as a de computer power and so the game developer just  not need a GPU so they can use a CPUs of the provider. So this will be a really helpful for our network also.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I agree. I think most users will never even use the GPUs on a code, but if they get interested in the network by using CPUs themselves, they might be interested in get becoming contributors later. All right, that's it for the Z update.  We can move on now.

Adam Wozney: All Thank you, you should share a link to that little hockey game in the SIG community channel. I want to play with it. next up is where's my agenda list? Let's go to Chinidu with Akos presents in Bueno areas during Dev Love to hear what you're thinking about or… what you're talking about for that.  You do.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: 

Chinedu Nwadike: Yeah. …

Chinedu Nwadike: you cleared some stopouts for me towards the end of your talk. So, I wanted to kind of know if the overclock lab already have plans for that or it's something that is more of communitydriven and you clarify that it's more community here than more from overclock lab. So there's a couple of ways that we could go about it. we could just become contribute I say become developers and register developers and just play around with Ethereum and kind of embed oursel into the whole stuff and tell other developers about it and just know go under underneath and come out or we could instead be more outspoken and loud about it and try to become sponsor or something like that.

Chinedu Nwadike: Although sponsorship is not directly clear on the page for the de connect. So I think it's more of like an invite only sponsorship. So I think it would be nice if we get some clear intersection from overclock lab because they might not take us serious if we not really coming from overclock lab. yeah, and then I'm also thinking that it's much much better if someone that is staying close to Argentina or those that are willing to travel that kind of participate with support for virtual questions so that we don't kind of overestimate what we can do physically and divert some of the traffic to the community on Discord where users that are coming in or developers that are trying to understand the system can actually kind

Chinedu Nwadike: get themselves familiar with the ecosystem as they are building on the ecosystem lately. So yeah, that's what I wanted to share.

Adam Wozney: All right. So, I'm muting. so yes, Dev Connect high level. before I went away on my sbatical, I was reviewing some incoming information from Dev Connect, not only from community members, but from my contacts at different crypto organizations, different projects.  And it was in the back of my mind that I thought it'd be useful to have some Akos presence at Devconnect just because it's essentially DevCon, which is, every two years the largest Ethereum kind of developer event. It's essentially the same exact thing. But this is even more focused on developers from my understanding. I've never attended a Dev Connect.

Adam Wozney: from everyone I've ever talked to that They said it's been a phenomenal event with lots of different opportunities and relationships built from those activities there. So, what I want to do is this week make kind of a decision based off of people inside of the community at AOS and based on conversations I've had or people that will be putting together activities at Defconnect to decide on whether or not we have the resources and bandwidth to have some sort of a representation there.  If we do go to dev connect, I would like to bring probably two or three other insiders. again, attending events and representative is only open for the insider community because there are folks that have raised their hands and they want to get involved and they've been participating and engaging in different ways. So, I want to figure out what that looks like.

Adam Wozney: So hypothetically if we move forward we would probably send two or three other insiders to dev connect and then we would get plugged into the different activities that are taking place there which are really to be determined because we haven't really started reaching out to organizations or side events or different participant of dev connect. I have a couple conversations going with people that have requested a kosh presence whether it's through sponsorship or just being at their activities. So I think by the end of this week we should have a go and no go on dev connect. We do have budget. It is part of our governance proposal budget that we had for resources to attend. It's now just figuring out what exactly would this look like?

Adam Wozney: because it's not a spoation like Amanda runs. This would be kind of a community sponsored act activation. So, I don't know what it looks like quite yet. I think over the next, like I mentioned, day or two, I really want to figure out what this could look like. And if it seems like all systems are go, then it'll start to be finding individuals that can represent a Kosh and get involved in some of the activities that are happening at Dev Connect. which I believe is happening in Argentina in November. So we still have time but a month and a half two months is not too much time really in terms of planning activities there. So I would say Chinidu one of the points of order is I'm going to create a dev connect channel inside of Discord where I can put updates on how things are coming along if it seems like we can actually put together a presence.


### 00:25:00

Adam Wozney: But I also want to lean on everyone here. If there are activities, events, projects, connections, relationships that you guys have with anyone that's going and attending Dev Connect, I think you should use that channel to say, "Here's an opportunity for AOS. I have a connection Here's an event I think we should maybe get involved in one way or another. I've been given the opportunity to present on stage at Dev Connect or a side event that's taking place." And I can take all that data and say, "Okay, yes or no.

Adam Wozney: I think we can pull together a small contingency of community representatives for I'm bullish on Dev Connect, but ultimately I need more data to see if it's something that it makes sense for us to go because I don't want us just to go and we're just in Argentina hanging out, I want to be able to say once Dev Connect is over, if we do attend, these are the outcomes from us attending. We have a relationship with this organization built here. these partners here actually want to deploy into AOS.  these folks want to introduce to their student program. So, that needs to be kind of deciphered and put onto some sort of documentation before we can really say yes or no to that event. so my next steps are I'm going to create a Devconnect channel in Discord today, probably right after this call.

Adam Wozney: If you have ideas, thoughts, opportunities, use that channel because all that information I can put into a proposal for us to actually go and have some AOS representation at Devconnect. So that's the Dev Connect update. Any questions on that, Chinidu, or anybody else? All right, so stay tuned for that. Next on the agenda, we're going to do CryptoBushi with Moolok Research on Sovereign Agents. Go for it crypto.

Crypto Bushi: work out. Hello everybody. Yeah, nice to meet you guys. I believe Jeremy's here as well. he's one of my partners who's working on Mollik research. but we submitted a proposal on GitHub. I'm going to go ahead and link it right here. We're really just looking for feedback. we're interested in applying for a community grant. we've got some great feedback already from some of the members. but we're just trying to get some more eyes on it. We've gone through a few different iterations. it's I think what we're trying to achieve can be a little confusing and so on this call we'd like to just at least talk at a high level about some of it and if anybody has any questions or wants to talk to us after we're more than happy to talk more about it but essentially what we're doing is we are trying to create basically a fully self-sufficient AI agent.

Crypto Bushi: Greg, the founder of Akos, in one of his blog posts talking about the 2025 AOS roadmap, he talked about Akos being one of the only places to where sovereign agents could exist at scale. we agree with that. We think that Akos is a great network that has a lot of properties that a self-s sovereign agent could be on, but there's a couple problems in kind of how AOSH works right now to where it kind of makes it not possible. so we're coming to the community with basically a solution. we're working on a framework right now that basically our flagship AI named Navir is basically already running on Akos right now. He's fully self-sufficient. he has his own economic loop on he generates income on Salana. He brings those funds over to Akos and then he manages all of his deployments and his deployment health on Akos completely on his own.

Crypto Bushi: it's a pretty complicated system. It has a lot of different moving parts. We're still in the active development the proof of concept MVP is working right now. and we're basically coming to the community and we want to basically turn it into a template that other developers could use as well and deploy agents on AOS at scale. I think something that's really interesting about it in terms of the benefits for Akos is it really brings to vision what Greg talked about and how Akos could actually be used for sovereign agents. it pioneers aos in basically being a provider of basically something that doesn't exist currently to this day. It's not really something you can do on AWS or Azer for instance.

Crypto Bushi: but then also I think one of the big financial incentives for Akos is we're presenting a product to where if it gets any sort of meaningful adoption this agent is crosschain. So it's not operating just on a kosh its economic loop is operating on different chains like Salana which I think everybody here knows Salana is a highly liquid chain. it could be on Ethereum for instance as well. And so basically all of those funds kind of trickle back down to the hosting layer.  And so I think that creates a situation where you have liquidity flowing from these other highv value chains back down to the providers. and then it also kind of drives demand for more providers to come on board onto the network which then helps value aos even higher since a lot of these deep pin networks are valued based on their providers. so I think there's a lot of very interesting advantages for the Akos community besides just the general innovation of it.


### 00:30:00

Crypto Bushi: I think it could make economic sense, too. So, essentially what our proposal is, we're basically asking for funds so that we can just keep perfecting it and we're just looking for feedback from Any questions?

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Krypto. yeah. So, I mentioned, I'm still getting up to speed from being gone. So, I saw your GitHub. I have it open. I'll review it and leave some feedback in it today. The process you're going through at least in requesting funds is exact I went to the SIG community channel on Discord. You put in a link there. You jumped onto this call to give a presentation. I'm making a note.  And I think the next step in terms of any feedback before you'd want to put it on chain is joining what's called our steering committee call. And those are highlevel initiatives that are being driven by overclock labs and by community members. That's essentially the final step before we would recommend putting it on chain for a vote. And this is where a member of the core engineering team on the overclock side kind of review things and ask questions.

Adam Wozney: and if everybody gives kind of thumbs up, it's basically like put it on chain for a vote. You ultimately could just do it right now, but the additional step is just like a feather in your cap in terms of the governance proposal before it goes on chain because if you get the full weight and influence of overclock as well as the community behind any gov crop, more than likely something like this will pass. So where you put it and what you're doing in terms of the process is exact.  So, I just made a note and I'm pinging my colleague Tyler who manages all of the special interest group calls including this steering committee call to make note of this and potentially reach out to you to make sure we schedule a time that in our next steering committee call you'll get 15 minutes to do a presentation on this project because I think it's really cool. and you definitely put a lot of time and effort into it. It seems like you've gone through the best practices guide which is awesome.

Adam Wozney: not everyone does that and not all the projects move forward. So what you're doing is the exact process for this. So I think good next step for this unless people have feedback they want to call out right now is setting up a time to get you involved in this steering committee call which should happen I'm not sure when maybe in a week or two or three. but that's my quick and dirty feedback any feedback or any questions for crypto and was it Germany on his proposal?

Germany Beal: Yeah. I just want to kind of duplicate someone like Matt back.  One thing that ultimately what you just said we would love to understand what direction like a trying to go in in general because there's other ideas that we have that we would love to share just to see what should we be using our time on and what should we be focused on.  So yeah, any feedback that we get on the better. There's other initiatives that we have going for a car that would help out maybe with the escrow as well as wallet management because I mean at the end of the day we want a car to be front and center in terms of owning agents and making this official infer layer for agents in general. So yeah, I mean again any feedback comments that would be greatly appreciated.

Crypto Bushi: Yeah, we're planning on releasing a demo video as well on how it all works. Jeremy's already got one recorded, so we're just working on editing out any environment variables that we have in there in the console right now. so yeah,…

Adam Wozney: Got it.

Crypto Bushi: we're trying to give as much information as possible. It's just taking us a little time going through some of these iterations and stuff like that.

Adam Wozney: Excellent. …

Adam Wozney: In terms of high level info. So, I just put a link to the AOS road map. I'm guessing you have probably seen this already. And these are things that the core team at overclock that kind of helps sho the network is focused on deploying by the end of this year and into 2026.

Adam Wozney: So, I'm not sure if agents are inside of some of these roadmap items, but even if that doesn't necessarily mean that this isn't something that the network could benefit from. Ultimately, any governance proposal that goes up, if there's a tangible way to showcase how it's benefiting the network through either growth, deployments, making it easier to use the network, those are generally wellreceived.  And just from a quick kind of peruse of the proposal that you put together, it seems very straightforward. I think you did a really good job of kind of listing out what what the problem is, how you're resolving it. so yeah, I think the next step is just encouraging people to leave comments or feedback inside of your discussion.


### 00:35:00

Adam Wozney: ultimately it's up to people to do that and sometimes it's hard but even if you post that not just in s community but the general chat on discord and say hey we just put up this proposal would love feedback the more feedback that you get inside of that gov prop on GitHub the more likely these things are to kind of get support once they go on chain for a vote for funding.  But my next steps for this are I'm messaging my colleague who helps set up the steering committee calls and making sure that we can plug you guys into the next steering committee call where you can give a demo whether it's a video demo or just what you're discussing here today.

Adam Wozney: I think that's probably the best next step for you guys.

Germany Beal: Thank And one last question I have since you're in a way kind of basing this on what Greg said in the other article. So with his road map and the actual official road map, are they mutually exclusive against each other or they're kind of like one and the same? One just provides additional context to the other.

Adam Wozney: Sorry, which there's two road maps. What are you talking about?

Germany Beal: Yeah, I wouldn't say it's a road map. It's like the blog post that Greg posted which is his vision for 2025. So with the current road map, the official one where it goes in execution environments and the blog post that Greg posted about having agents and… what does that look like?  I mean, are they almost one and the same with each other or should we just go really based off of the main road map?

Germany Beal: 

Adam Wozney: I would focus on the main roadmap…

Adam Wozney: because those are public things that we're letting people know that overclock is focused on working on and deploying the while the blog may consider some roadmap items. I think that maybe is a little bit more visionary here's what we want to do. Here's how we're hoping to get there. We need your help to do it. So I think focusing your attention on the actual roadmap that's live listening Q1, two, three, four for the years that's probably a better place to kind of focus your attention because those are the things that will be going. Yes.

Crypto Bushi: because those are the things that build. Yeah. what I was my interpretation of it kind of and correct me if I'm wrong, but the official road map is very much more like technical,…

Crypto Bushi: It's like the Lego pieces. I think…

Adam Wozney: Yeah, sure.

Crypto Bushi: what Greg's post is more like okay once we have all these Lego pieces like here is what's possible. And so, for instance, on the road map, I don't think there's ever going to be a specific line item that says self-s sovereign agents because that requires a bunch of subcategories for that to be possible. and so I think the way that we're looking at it is saying, okay, self- sovereign agents is a vision of the founder, it is possible on a kosh, but there are a couple key problems that need to be solved. And so, here is our solution essentially so yes, it is now possible on  I think that's kind of the disparity. I think some people are looking at the road map a little too literal and they're kind of missing the forest for the trees. I think Greg is looking at it in the bigger picture and I think we also are as well.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yeah.

Adam Wozney: I think that's a good way to kind of review those things. yeah, I think that makes sense. any questions for crypto or Germany before moving on to the next item? All right. So, just as a quick followup, Germany, crypto, I'm messaging my colleague here. I sent him a link to your GitHub, so he's familiar with you guys. So he may reach out to you either through GitHub or various other channels to make sure that we can plug you into the next steering committee call for kind of a final review before what I think would be good to go in terms of putting on a chain for sure cool.

Germany Beal: Thank you.

Adam Wozney: Next up we have Fennel to discuss two things. One is a post hackathon report from the Hakodishi. I forget Hakodushu.

Adam Wozney: you can explain it from a hackathon that we sponsored and…

Adam Wozney: then maybe quickly discovering or discussing the Hacktoberfest. Joe Cordfel

Fenil Modi: Yeah, sure.

Fenil Modi: So, actually those of you who don't know, Akas had sponsored this Hack Orisa. it was a hybrid hackathon and conducted just last weekend and sponsored this hackathon. first before saying the result, I want to say my goals what a going to take out from them. So I set up some goals should have 50 plus participant and should have 20 to 30 plus deployments live on the but actually we over achieved while sponsoring this hackathon.


### 00:40:00

Fenil Modi: This event gave a message exposure in front of 6,000 plus resistant developers and our dedicated AAS track attracted over 600 plus applicants and that was a more than double that I set a goal and during the 48 hour long long hackathon we got almost 30 plus project deployed live right now on Akas compute and to achieve this I have conducted one AKAS workshop and I run two separate long toour long mentoring session during the hackathon timeline and that was really interesting thing and my DMs were flooded with technical questions non-stop in the last week and I tried to answer them all of them and I tried them to react to our discord server and a huge thank you to everyone who just replied them and helped them out.

Fenil Modi: in fact demand was so high at that time so sandbox net was totally maxed out. There was no provider giving the CPUs on the sandbox during the hackathon because it was totally maxed out and I think this was a really really really good for we got 60,000 plus applicants database while sponsoring this hackathon because we are the key sponsors.  So this will help us to market in Indian region if we host some kind of viral events in their cities or if we need something to market them about so we have that access to their email list and their private contact list and all.

Fenil Modi: So yeah this was a massive achievement for us and one more thing the hackathon just ended up few hours ago and we have to judge this hackathon builds so I have M you about this thing so I need one or two vanguards for helping me to judge the projects

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Fennel. So, what I recommend there is just head into the insiders channel in Discord and just tag advanguards and say, "Is anyone available to help judge some projects and you can link to the website for hacka?" and I'm sure a couple one or two would be able to give you a hand in terms of judging some of those projects.  And then in terms of the report, so this is maybe actually the second time that we've done a sponsored kind of community organized or community represented event.  So, what I plan on doing is once Fennel finishes filling out the report template, I'm going to share that community channel inside of Discord, so people can actually see what the outcomes were from this community organized or community kind of supported activity. and again, this is only sponsorship for events.

Adam Wozney: So if somebody has an event, a hackathon, a conference that they think a should have representation at or sponsor, it's only open for our ambassador community or our insider community to gain access to those resources for potentially sponsoring those activities. So this is one example of that, but I'm excited to see yeah, I think getting what you said 30 or 40 different deployments on Akos is a giant success. and just getting our name recognition in the area is super successful. So, I'm excited to review the report and share it with the rest of the community inside of Discord over the next few days here. but yes, Fennel, go into the insiders channel, tag Vanguard, and say, is anyone able to help review and…

Adam Wozney: judge some of these hackathon projects from Hack Oisha? and then beyond that, I wanted to see you also mentioned Hacktoberfest. Do you have some thoughts around Hacktoberfest?

Fenil Modi: Yeah, I have let me say that also those of you don't know about effects.

Fenil Modi: Actually this discussion I have opened in the last contribution call with the folks who joined the last contribution call. I explained then what is October fest. So is a global open source campaigns run for whole month in October and it's a monthly event where the thousand of developers looking for a project to contribute to and I think there is a great opportunity so aas should take participate in this campaign and we'll get free marketing and visibility to the new contributors but the thing is I'm skeptical about right now the most of contribution I

Fenil Modi: are handled by the core team. if we think we really need to benefit so we need to open some new P clear issues that can solved by the community members and the maintenance should be ready to review them.  Yeah, this will take some more time to the core team but it will work to attract a new festival talent and bringing a new perspective our network and build a stronger community and the part we have already contribution program so we do not need any ask for extra funding and I have already taken the part in hopes since last three years and I learned a lot and discovered some amazing open source projects throughout it


### 00:45:00

Fenil Modi: And I have also se several marketing ideas this campaign to make stand out this year. I have sent ideas with amo potatoes.

Adam Wozney: Very cool.

Fenil Modi: So yeah, I'm looking for community on board and what's the code looking for this campaign. it's really solid recent this campaign goes live in the just three weeks. So yeah, this is what I'm asking for community to give feedback. Should we take on should we or take part in this campaign or not?

Adam Wozney: So, I just sent you the template that you're familiar with for filling out information on this event. Fill that out and then put it in the SIG community channel. feel free to tag me once you do and then myself and community members can review and we can kind of make notes on whether or not we think this is something we can get involved in or we should support. That's the first step. I've always wanted to get involved in October Fest. I mean, it's a global initiative. but I've never really spent time digging too deep into it because usually I find out about it when it's either about to start or it's already started. But I think three weeks until this thing kicks off, is plenty of time for actually it's only five days…

Adam Wozney: until registration opens, but I think probably When does it start? Three weeks, you said.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, it starts on 1st of October.

Fenil Modi: The contributors Yeah.

Adam Wozney: So, yeah. Cool.

Fenil Modi: But this Yeah.

Adam Wozney: So, there is time to sort it out. We have about three weeks before it goes live.  So, definitely fill out that template that I've make a copy of it, fill it out, shared in the SID community channel, tag me, and then anyone else can leave feedback, and if there's no glaring issues and the budget seems aligned, I think is something that we can get involved in one way or another. So, that's probably the first step is just filling out that template.

Fenil Modi: I was hoping to or maybe some technical guy come join this community because this is more technical stuff. We have to ask from the maintenance of theo before we move forward.

Fenil Modi: Yeah, in that community. I will have feedback from there.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Excellent.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Any questions for Fennel on the Hackathon that we sponsored or Hacktoberfest? All right, then we have about Just enough time for one final agenda item. Abby to discuss Global Delhi.

Abhinav Gupta: Yeah. Hi everyone. so this time ETH global is doing a global hackathon in India first time where the global team of ETH directly is handling. So this is happening in the last week of September. I think it's maybe too much delay but for the do side event and akas presence but I'm just asking if we can do some side event during the H global because more than 50 event is happening during that time in the new Delhi I'm just sharing the screen yeah so this is the e global new delhi this is the hackathon that they are

Abhinav Gupta: doing and many companies sponsoring already there isn't one pragma this is the web 3 conference that they are doing on 25th September so we can also try to involve as an attendee from the AAS network I'm thinking to join as an attendee for this web threecon from the AAS

Abhinav Gupta: network so we can connect with more companies and more good developers because many good developers are attending this conference that time and we have one luma page where all the side event listed so I'm thinking can we do some side event during each global…

Abhinav Gupta: because it's a good opportunity to get attention in India through this hackathon because more than a th00and and 2,000 developers is joining for this hackathon and more are also coming from globally.


### 00:50:00

Adam Wozney: Two things.

Adam Wozney: there's maybe potential to sponsor this in some shape or fashion. So, if I'm sharing with you the same template. you filled this out, I think, before in the past for requesting sponsorship or attending these hackathons or conferences. So, if you think it makes sense and we have time, fill that out.  Otherwise, in terms of hosting an event, you and I can review the budget that's been allocated because I know you're a rigmaster as well and rigmasters host local events. If we have additional budget, you haven't used it all, I think I'm more than happy to send some budget your way to put together a side event that's happening during the global hackathon.

Adam Wozney: So, first step is just viewing that template and following up with me in a DM and say, "Hey, yeah, let's try to get involved or let's just try to put together a side event that's taking place." And…

Abhinav Gupta: Yes.

Adam Wozney: then I can review the budget and see if we have some wiggle room for hosting an additional meetup event or a workshop during E Global happening at the end of this month. Does that work for And Fennel, I've seen your hand go up. I think you have questions on global.

Fenil Modi: No not any questions but actually I was applied for this hackathon as a mentor and I am as a mentor to take part on this hackathon so I really love to ifas can do something around this hackathon but I also DM about this second to because you are on the…

Abhinav Gupta: So finally you are coming as a mentor for global Cool.

Fenil Modi: but didn't reply on this thing I don't know there might be some this is kind that's…

Adam Wozney: Excellent. Yeah.

Fenil Modi: why he bit I think. Yeah. So if Yeah. I won one of this hackathon ETH online in 2024. So that's why I applied and I got selected as a mentor this year.

Adam Wozney: Very Cool. So, yeah, there's definitely some connective tissue there. So, I think we can try to figure something out. So, Abina, feel free to follow up with me in the Discord I just sent you and then yeah, we'll go from That is it for the agenda. Any other final questions, thoughts, anything you guys want to discover or point out before we wrap up today's call? Ben, go for it. I might have Marissa.

Benjamin B: I think you missed an agenda item. someone wanted to mention the AkosVPN. I think it was Marissa.

Adam Wozney: Sorry about that. Go for Marissa if she's here.

AMerePotato: Yeah, give me a second. It's fine.

Adam Wozney: All right, you have six minutes, so make it snappy.

AMerePotato: No. Six minutes.

AMerePotato: Let me share my screen real quick. Can you see my screen? so this is what we've been working on in the all community work. So where's the repo? Here it is.

Adam Wozney: Yes, I can.

AMerePotato: So, we've been building it together as a community and we've got all these contributors who've been helping us so far.

Adam Wozney: Awesome.

AMerePotato: And basically, you click the download button for whichever region you want. These are VPN servers deployed on Akos already. And then you click it and then you open your file. And I already have it in my OpenVPN. so I'll just drag this over here. And when you click this, it should connect.

Adam Wozney: It looks like your screen's frozen on something.

AMerePotato: Really?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, it's like it was working and then when you started doing the VPN credentials,…

Rodri R: I think it's not showing the VPN client.

Adam Wozney: it stopped. Yes, you might have to share that screen or…

Rodri R: Maybe for privacy or something due to Google video, but

AMerePotato: No.

Adam Wozney: share your whole screen. Maybe just sharing the Chrome browser.

AMerePotato: I let me try and share it again.


### 00:55:00

AMerePotato: Do you see it now?

Adam Wozney: There we go.

Adam Wozney: Very cool.

AMerePotato: Okay, nice.

AMerePotato: So yeah, as you can see, it's connected and yeah, we've been working on it for I think four or…

Adam Wozney: How long have you been working on this?  Got it.

AMerePotato: five weeks and I didn't do most of the work. I hosted the servers since I have the community funds.

AMerePotato: everybody else we collectively did this and I helped them a lot of learning along the way. But yeah, so if you guys are interested in building other cool stuff,…

AMerePotato: we're planning on building an alternative transaction And yeah, so this is what we do Fridays. Please join if you want to build cool stuff like this and get some AKT for it. And yeah, it's about it.

Adam Wozney: Can you share a link to the GitHub repo?

Adam Wozney: I'm going to share it with our social guy and see if he can plug it in as a promoted post on the official Lacos Twitter. All right,…

AMerePotato: Yeah. Death. Yeah. Roger.

Adam Wozney: got it. Thank Yeah.

Rodri R: So Adam,…

Rodri R: you think we could maybe get the subdomain bpn.ac.network network to host this that we talked about it during while we were contributing on this …

AMerePotato: Awesome.

Rodri R: if we want to keep it running and make it kind of official

Adam Wozney: And I don't see why not. I'm trying to think what process or what we'd have to do to make that possible. can you just do me a favor and in the SIG community channel just you can tag me even Rodri or Marissa to say, "Hey, would love to get this URL as a.networkbn or something to make it seem a little more official." I'm not ultimately the arbiter of the decision maker behind what goes on the Kosh website, but I do think that this could be something that would be interesting for folks or maybe even just adding it to the ecosystem page like a Kosh community VPN

Adam Wozney: availability. So, just tag me in the SIG community channel and that'll be my reminder to look into what's possible.

AMerePotato: Thank you.

AMerePotato: That would be dope.

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: Yeah, for event. I'd like to see a more polished and automated version before it gets an official subdomain. But yeah, I agree.

Rodri R: Yeah,…

Adam Wozney: I think there might be some general feedback like that.

Rodri R: for sure.

Adam Wozney: But yeah, I think you guys are off to a great start. This is really cool.

Rodri R: Even though Marissa's domain is pretty cool, but we need a VPN.

Adam Wozney: You want maybe something a little more totally cool. thank you for sharing, Marissa. If anybody wants to contribute, you can check out that GitHub link that Marissa just definitely jump in or you can head into the contributions channel on Discord and say, "Hey, I'd like to get involved in the AkosVPN." awesome. It's exactly 12 o'clock, which means this call is over. thank you guys for joining a very, very vibrant SIG community call. I wasn't sure what to expect as my first day back, but boy boy, there's a lot going on.

Adam Wozney: So, as always, if you have any thoughts, comments, concern, you can always head to the SIG community channel chat in Discord. I've messaged a handful of you on some follow-up items. If there's anything I've missed, anything you want to cover, head to the SIG community channel and leave your thoughts in there. But, other than that, I want to thank you guys for joining today's call and we'll see you in one month from now for the next SIG community chat. I'm gonna say it. See you in the metaverse. Later, everybody.

Rodri R: You guys.

Benjamin B: And he goes,


### Meeting ended after 01:01:26 👋

