# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #32

## Agenda

* Review of Q4 Community Governance Proposal and funding status
* Discussion on NAVIR Framework Proposal update by Germany Beal
* Updates on Community Programs including Insiders, Vanguards, Navigators, Ring Masters, and Alchemists
* Progress and outcomes from Hacktoberfest participation
* Planning for DevConnect representation and event support
* Discussion on proposal best practices and improvements



## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, October 14, 2025
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ujmejk5nqhyq5na4vf3gdffxqichak4rrd6p6opqt4awpo7r4biq.arweave.net/olhEq62B8Q60HKl2YZS3ggRwK5GI_P858J8BZ7vx4FE)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

---

## Participants

* Adam Wozney
* Germany Beal
* Rodri R
* Amanda Keay
* Nick WagNAVIR
* Fenil Modi
* B S
* Crypto Bushi
* Damir Simpovic
* Jannick Haus
* Julius Haus
* Roberto Abril
* William Nilsson

---

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks

* Adam welcomed attendees and noted that the agenda was intentionally brief due to the current funding transition period.
* The callâ€™s focus was on coordination around governance proposals, community support, and ecosystem updates.

### Q4 Community Governance Proposal

* Adam shared updates on the [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1033) designed to fund Akash community initiatives through the foundation.
* The goal is to use the Akash Foundation as a central mechanism for managing community resources, aligning with common Web3 governance practices.
* The proposal was expected to go on-chain later that day, followed by a one-week voting period.
* Once approved, it will provide funding for programs including Insiders, Vanguards, Navigators, Ring Masters, Alchemists, Regional Leads, and event support.
* Overclock Labs is currently covering costs for Vanguards and Navigators while waiting for proposal approval.
* Other initiatives are temporarily paused until funding is released.
* GitHub community feedback on the proposal has been very positive, giving confidence it will pass.
* Adam will announce the live proposal in Discord and coordinate validator outreach for voting.

### Community Program Updates

* **Insiders Program:** Over 60 new applications in the past month, showing growing community interest.
* **Vanguards:** Providing one to five technical support responses daily, maintaining 70â€“80% satisfaction.
* **Navigators:** Continuing to support project deployments, with Overclock funding operations in the interim.
* **Ring Masters:** No events yet this quarter due to lack of funding.
* **Alchemists (AkashEdu):** Three new courses launched (Akash 106, 108, and 202), with Akash 107 under development.

  * [Total courses](https://akash.network/community/akash-edu/) now reach eight or nine, with over 200 enrolled learNAVIRs so far.
  * Feedback encouraged through AkashEdu or the SIG Community Channel.

### Hacktoberfest Participation

* Akash is sponsoring a Hacktoberfest track for the first time, managed by an Insider.
* Two weeks remain in the event, with strong participation in the Discord Hacktoberfest channel.
* Final participation data will be shared during the next meeting.
* Members were encouraged to join via the shared registration link.

### DevConnect Planning

* Plans are in motion to send community representatives to DevConnect, the largest Ethereum developer conference.
* Participation depends on governance proposal approval.
* Representation will be limited to Insiders, with several already volunteering for the event.
* The goal is to strengthen Akashâ€™s visibility among Ethereum developers.

### NAVIR Framework Proposal Update (Germany Beal)

* Germany reported progress on revising the [NAVIR Framework Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1011), which previously failed due to submission format errors.
* The revised version will use milestone-based funding and include a revenue model and pitch deck.
* The team is coordinating with Overclock Labs for feedback and aims to resubmit by Friday or Monday.
* Future directions include offering the NAVIR system as a service or integrating it directly into the Akash protocol to increase adoption.

### Proposal Best Practices Discussion

* Germany asked for clarification on governance proposal requirements, including milestone structure and revenue expectations.
* Adam referred to the Governance Proposal Best Practices document on GitHub but acknowledged it is due for an update.
* Contributors were invited to submit feedback or comments highlighting unclear sections.
* Key note: proposals drawing from the community pool should include a sustainable business or revenue model.
* The SIG will update the guide using community input to make the process clearer for new contributors.

### Community Tools and Automod Debugging

* GitHub links were being blocked by Discordâ€™s automod.
* Jannick clarified that the issue stemmed from automod settings rather than AK Sweeper.
* Adam began live debugging during the call and will implement a whitelist for Akash GitHub links to prevent future disruptions.

### Closing Remarks

* Adam thanked participants for their updates and collaboration.
* He will follow up with Jannick to complete the automod fix.
* The community was encouraged to review and vote on the governance proposal, participate in Hacktoberfest and AkashEdu, and share feedback on documentation improvements.
* The meeting ended on an optimistic note with hopes for proposal approvals and community momentum.

---

## Action Items

* **Adam Wozney**

  * Announce Q4 Governance Proposal in Discord and coordinate validator outreach.
  * Update Governance Proposal Best Practices document after collecting feedback.
  * Finalize Discord automod fix with Jannick.

* **Germany Beal**

  * Revise and resubmit the NAVIR Framework Proposal with milestone-based funding.
  * Post updated link in the SIG Community channel once GitHub link sharing is restored.
  * Provide structured feedback to improve the governance proposal documentation.

* **Jannick Haus**

  * Work with Adam to finalize whitelist for Akash GitHub links in Discord.

* **Community Members**

  * Review and vote on the Q4 Governance Proposal.
  * Participate in Hacktoberfest and AkashEdu learning programs.
  * Submit feedback or improvement ideas for governance and community documentation.


## **Transcript**

Adam Wozney: Give it a few minutes for folks to join.

Rodri R: Hey guys,â€¦

Germany Beal: up for a doing good.

Rodri R: 

Rodri R: all good. Can't complain about y'all.

Germany Beal: Just chill Take my afternoon walk now that it's starting to get a little bit cooler where I'm at. So, yeah, been chilling. What about yourself?

Rodri R: Yeah, same here. Yes, it's almost night here. it's 8:00, so getting dark. And yeah,â€¦

Germany Beal: Nice.

Rodri R: just chilling as

Adam Wozney: I'm having a late breakfast,â€¦

Adam Wozney: so I'm eating cereal and a banana.

Germany Beal: Savage. That's what's up.

Rodri R: Very healthy.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yep. All right, let me actually see â€¦

Germany Beal: I've never been into breakfast at all.

Germany Beal: I usually have my first meal around 3:00 p.m. and that's when I eat and I'm good for the rest of the day. My wife is always like, "You need to eat more." And I "I'm good, fam.

Rodri R: Yeah, I'm about the same. I usually grab something to eat around noon, a little earlier. But yeah, I usually only have coffee for breakfast.

Germany Beal: That's all you need. Gotta do that Berlin brunch, little espresso, pull up a cigarette, chill.

Rodri R: Totally agree.

Adam Wozney: it's 11:00 a.m. for me. Usually, all I have is coffee until about this time, but I got so hungry that I needed some cereal. So, I'm crushing some cereal right now. All right, let me pull up my notes here. Give another minute and we'll kick things off.

Germany Beal: Yeah, if he really just wants to eat his cereal. So, just to pay him no regards.

Adam Wozney: That's basically it. I don't care if anybody else joins. I just need to finish my bowl of cereal. I think we can kick things off. I have a pretty short and sweet agenda for today and I'll give a reasoning for that in a minute.  But before I get into my agenda items, just as a reminder for everyone joining this call, the SIG community call is really focused on discussing support and management of Akos community initiatives from programs to activities to events to hackathons and to deployments to contributions and everything in between. That's what this call is focused on.

Adam Wozney: I do have a couple agenda items today that I don't think will take too much time. And like I mentioned a minute ago, I'll give you a reasoning behind that. But before we get into my agenda items, is there anything on this call that anybody here would like to discuss or make sure that we chat about that I can add to the agenda?

Germany Beal: Yeah, we'll have to give an update on the proposal that we did for the NER framework and

Adam Wozney: Okay, I'll add that. Let's say Germany crop discussion. Cool. somebody else wants to get in. There we go. Any other agenda items focused on this call? Want to make sure that we discuss  Are we once twice? All right, moving into today's agenda. So, the big thing that I wanted to discuss was the Q4 community governance proposal.

Adam Wozney: So, as I maybe mentioned in our last call, my focus was a month ago getting the proposal into fighting conditions. So, once we got it on chain, people would be very comfortable voting So, we could actually do a lot of the community initiatives that we've been doing over the past couple years. we're kind of at a point in a cautious and overclocks world where we haven't really been utilizing our foundation. So, you may have seen that there was actually a recent proposal that's gone I believe on chain as of today or yesterday that is focused on using our foundation as a way to manage community resources from the community pool.


### 00:05:00

Adam Wozney: This is very much a normal thing that almost all respectable such as us crypto projects utilize where we actually work with the foundation to cover the cost for community activities, support, contributions and so forth.  So, we're finally at the stage where we're going to start using the foundation as a way to request funds for community initiatives, governance proposals, all those kinds of things. however, we're in a bit of a transition period. So, I was hoping that I could get the Q4 governance proposal up two weeks ago. So, by this point, we're already almost 20% of the way through this quarter.

Adam Wozney: I would have resources to do a lot of the community initiatives that you guys are all familiar with from insiders programming to alchemists, navigators conferences and hackathon support contributions that Marissa's been working on all the different kind of community initiatives and activities and programs that have been going on over the past couple years a way to fund those activities continuing into this quarter.  However, I still don't have a budget for those activities. there are two programs that we've pulled from overclock. assuming that the governance proposal will pass. So this overclock will get reimbursed from the community pool for covering the costs of those community activities which are the Vanguards which we need technical support on Discord. Without them, we would be in big trouble. A lot of questions would go unanswered.

Adam Wozney: So big shout out to the Vanguards for helping with that. So Overclock is covering the cost for this month of Vanguard support. And the other is Navigators which is focused on helping large and small projects deploy onto the Akos network which obviously is a benefit to Akos because number go up in terms of deployments and usage. So that's an important thing. So overclock is covering the cost this month on that all with the assumption that the governance proposal will pass.

Adam Wozney: However, the other community programs and initiatives, ring masters, Alchemist, regional leads, contributions, conference in the hackathon support, all are on hold. So, basically over the past two weeks, I've been focused on just getting updates from our foundation and from our finance team at Overclock and what that process looks like and to get this governance proposal on chain and voted for and, fingers crossed hopefully passed. and the latest update on that is I believe today it's finally going to go on chain. So that means we'll have one week for a voting period. thankfully the proposal feedback that's been on GitHub for, almost three weeks now has been a resounding from all the community members that have given feedback on that. So I have the assumption that this will pass.

Adam Wozney: However, we're still at a point where we're a week away at least if it does go up today before I will have access to those resources for supporting all the programs and activities that are part of our community budget. So, where does that leave us? basically on We're in a holding pattern until we get the resourcing needed to push forward all of those activities that are listed in that gov prop. I am starting to move some things along with the assumption that the proposal will pass. None of the proposals that we put together in the past haven't passed, but it's a new day. Who knows what the community will actually vote for. I have a good feeling it will go through, but ultimately we won't know until the voting is complete.

Adam Wozney: So, just to wrap it all up, the last update I heard from the foundation and from our finance folks at overclock was today the proposal When it does go live, I will make an announcement in the Discord channel to make sure that you guys get out and rock the vote. Tyler will definitely reach out to validators to let them know that they can go vote for the community governance proposal. And as long as it passes, we can start moving forward on all the different activities.

Adam Wozney: mentioned in the governance proposal which you can go check out on GitHub. I will put a link here for folks that have not been living under a rock and haven't seen what that proposal looks like. So, give me one second while I pull it up. But while I'm doing that, I wanted to see if anybody had any questions on where the community governance proposal stands today. and if there's anything at all that you guys need a better description and understanding about.  I'm pulling it up right now. All right, here's the GitHub discussion. I will put it in the chat. You guys go ahead and review it if you haven't, but you can see almost I think 99% of the feedback has been all positive. So, I have a good feeling it will pass once it goes live again, hopefully today, but you never know until you count all the votes at the end of the week. So, any questions on the governance proposal?


### 00:10:00

Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. I'll give a couple more quick updates because like I said, a lot of the things that I'm working on are on hold. But, we have been able to do a few things on community side. even while we're waiting for this governance proposal to go up. just at a quick high level the insiders program probably our most successful community program currently we have 60 applications that I need to review over the past month so we're getting almost two applications per day so lots of people are interested in getting involved in the community at greater level so that's really an exciting thing as I mentioned vanguards and navigators those are funded programs right now overclock is covering the cost on the front end with the assumption that the go prop will

Adam Wozney: class and then overclock will get reimbursed from the community pool for pushing those two programs forward. I'm almost done reviewing the Vanguard's feedback from this past month. but at a high level I can let you guys know that they're answering one to five questions per day. Pretty standard if you look at one over month that's pretty normal in terms of technical support questions.  And then in terms of overall community satisfaction, kind of a gut check from the Vanguards that are working with community members, a vast majority, 70 to 80% of people are either very satisfied or satisfied with only a couple that are neutral, which I'm pretty happy with. As long as that number doesn't go down, I'll assume that the technical support given by the Vanguards is going So things are going good on that side.

Adam Wozney: on the ring master side, unfortunately, we haven't been able to do any events this month yet or this quarter yet because again, we don't have funding to support those initiatives. but I do expect that if this governance proposal passes, we can spin up the ring masters right away and they can start getting back to hosting local events and introducing people to on the alchemist side, so those are content creators for Akashedu. I did have budget left over from Q3 to push forward three new courses. those courses two are listed currently. One is around the cost chat API. one is around boy I don't have it in front of me now. the other I can't remember what it is but if you head over to Aashi you can see the new courses. AOS 106 and 108.

Adam Wozney: 107 is under development and then we also have Akos 202 which is getting into intermediate courses that should live probably by the end of this So three new courses since our last community call which I'm really excited about. That will put our courses up to I believe eight or nine. So there's nine free turnkey go at your own pace Akos education courses live on Akos edu.  If you guys haven't gone and checked out Akos edu, you need to get out from underneath that rock you live under and check those out. These are free courses. I'm going to put in a link that you guys can go and check these things Always open to feedback.

Adam Wozney: If you guys do go through these courses and there's a typo or a question doesn't make sense, you can either leave it directly in au or you can go Germany likes his rock or you can head over to the sig community channel and say hey I noticed an accashi is a question around xyz thing I had a question about. Feel free to go in there but I believe so far to date we've had over 200 students that have either signed up for the course or completed. and that's with minimal marketing. I've been waiting to kind of do a big marketing push until we add more courses, but I think we're almost at that stage where we can really start pushing out AOS edu and teaching people about OS, the cloud, AI, all that good stuff. good on that side of the bucket. Next up on quick update. So, we are and this is part of Q3 governance proposal. So, we were able to support this.

Adam Wozney: one of our insiders is managing our hackathon track for Hacktoberfest is a global Hacktoberfest wraps up I believe in two weeks. So, there's still two weeks of hacking underway. If you guys are interested in participating in Octoberfest in Hacktoberfest, you can head into the Akos Discord where there's a Hacktoberfest channel. you get support in that channel and you can also apply to I'm gonna save this one second. I'm going to put in a link and you guys can sign up if here's the Hacktoberfest link for anyone interested. it is two more weeks for Hacktoberfest to go on. This is the first time that we've kind of sponsored a track for Htoberfest.


### 00:15:00

Adam Wozney: and if you head into the October Fest Discord channel, you can see there's lots of activity. So, lots of people are actually doing stuff and building things out. so I'm really excited to have final numbers on that. Probably in our next call, I can give you the full data on how everything's going. next on the agenda, so I mentioned this in the events working group call a minute ago, but as a part of our budget for 3 Q4, we do have a way to support community members that want to attend or get involved with community events. and while Dev Connect is not really a grassroots event, but this is an event that community members have said they want to go and attend and get and participate in. Dev Connect is the largest Ethereum developer conference of the year. So I think it makes sense for us to go. However, that's a bit on hold right now until we have budget from the Q4 Go prop.

Adam Wozney: But again assuming that prop passes we can also assume that we will be sending a couple community members to represent Akos and attend DEP connect at side events the main conference and actually some of our insiders are actually volunteers for the main event itself. So I think it's just another way to kind of introduce Akos to a ravenous community of Ethereum developers that will be attending Dev Connect. as a reminder, people that want to go and represent Aasha events in our community, it's only open to our insider community. So, if you're not an insider yet, go and apply on the AOSH website today. other than that, those are my big updates for the month.

Adam Wozney: Any questions on anything I just chatted about? Anything that you didn't understand or you want a little bit more deeper dive into figuring Any questions at All right. Cool. Then I'm going to hand it over to Germany to discuss his not yet. We got one question from Go for it, Rodri. â€¦

Rodri R: Sorry, my bad. Wasn't going to click the button.

Adam Wozney: you messed up our entire day. You've ruined this entire call. Roger, I'll never forgive you.

Rodri R: But I can now ask what cereal are you eating?

Adam Wozney: Don't worry about it. Okay, We're gonna over to Germany to discuss his governance proposal.

Germany Beal: Savage. Hey.

Adam Wozney: Go for it, Germany.

Germany Beal: Germany we got some of the team here as well. So, we did I think it was what a week ago, week and a half ago with the NE proposal. Just want to give a couple community updates on that. So as you guys can see on mint scan that it did fail only because we made an error on our end by doing the amount versus the milestone base. So fun fact for anyone in the community that is working on the milestone base doing a smaller chunks not the whole thing which is a mistake on our end but just let everyone know as well we have been talking with some people in overclock labs and they've been telling us that they're excited for what we've been building which is So now we're just working on some of the final steps before we resubmit the proposal.

Germany Beal: And just for clarity and transparency some of the final steps are we have to do pitch tech and I guess we have to show how we can get revenue back into the system which I didn't think that was a thing until this week and later last week. So just food for thought. But other than that we're really excited to be building in the Akash ecosystem.  We finished the first half of the second milestone which is really big and one of the final details we have to figure out is how we want to package this up whether we want to offer this as a service or we want to build this into the protocol directly. So people can be able to use the key management system as well as know they want to be able to use the key management system but they can only on the kosh to help bring in more traffic and revenue.

Germany Beal: So yeah, so other than that, everything is, slowly but surely coming up. we should know whether or not I would say whether or not we'll be able to get the proposal passed, but we'll know whether or not where things stand. So hopefully we'll be able to resubmit the proposal at least for the first two so we can keep the ball going either Friday or first thing Monday morning. So yeah, I mean, if you're like a validator or a validator, we really would love your support.  Again, we already talked with Overclock Labs about some of the details because they had additional questions for us. So, we've been, trying to get it done and get it right. So, yeah, that's all I have. So, if anyone have any questions, comments, concerns, please, yeah, let me know or just feel free to ping us on GitHub or even Discord and yeah, we'll answer that.


### 00:20:00

Adam Wozney: Thank you so much, Germany. And for folks that are interested in your proposal, I was actually trying to pull it up on GitHub. Do you have a link to that so people can kind of review just to kind of get up to speed on what your project is?

Germany Beal: And I'll get it up in a second. And by the way, it is going to go under revision just to be so we can get everyone caught up with some of the conversations that we're having with overclock. yeah, so hopefully once we get all this squared away, it will be updated again, but in smaller chunks, so it's more manageable since one of the main feedbacks that we got was the size. But again, that was a mistake on our part.  thought that we submit the whole thing and then offline with overclock or whoever does the community pools we'll work retroactively in the background.  So just wanted to clear that misconception up and also share that knowledge for any new or future contributor to Akos.

Adam Wozney: Thank you, Germany. and if you want, you can post it in the SIG community channel. I'll link to the discussion and kind of the revisions and all that.

Adam Wozney: So, if anybody wants to check it out.

Germany Beal: I thought I could,â€¦

Germany Beal: but I always get blocked every time I do like a GitHub link on a Kosh.

Adam Wozney: Okay.

Germany Beal: Yeah. â€¦

Adam Wozney: Share it in here and then I'll post it.

Germany Beal: Every time. I'm like, how am I getting blocked from the own GitHub repo?

Adam Wozney: Is Yanick on this call? I don't know if Yanick is the main person behind AK Sweeper, which is kind of our spam detection AI tool. it's don't blame Adam's automod. This is the Yanick thing. actually, what do you think the reasoning for that blockage is, Yanx? I do want to fix that because I know I think it just always looks for anyone like anything suspicious.

Adam Wozney: I don't know if you have thoughts on that, Yanick. Okay.

Jannick Haus: We talked about it in the banger channel already with Zeke andâ€¦

Jannick Haus: it's actually the auto mode setting and not the AK sweeper.

Adam Wozney: I'm going into the automod right now. I'm going to fix We're live debugging.

Germany Beal: Yeah, I say if we could do a white list where it's like anything that's like GitHub aos network andâ€¦

Germany Beal: it's going through that would be amazing. little wild cards. Yeah. A lot of times I'm just either doing a proposal or just like an issue and I try to link it I get banned for 24 hours which sucks.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. Yep.

Rodri R: I believe that'sâ€¦

Adam Wozney: All right.

Rodri R: what was discussed internally something like that creating a user to be whitelisted or something like that or I mean a role

Adam Wozney: Yeah. â€¦

Germany Beal: You got it.

Adam Wozney: I'm opening it right now. It says just remove all rules. Yeah, that's not the move. Yanick, he's being funny. Yanick's being funny right now. I'm Okay, t want to I don't want to take up everyone's time. I have it open right now. Let me see if I can make it where there's a custom filter where if it's from the Akos GitHub, it's obvious that that's going to be safe. so let me see if I can figure that out and then I'll work on updating that right after this call. I have the automod pulled up right now. all right. Thank you, Germany, for that update. Any questions for Germany? Yanick, wait. Do you want me to hop on a call with you? I don't want to talk to I'll ping you after this, Yanick. we'll get this figured out.

Adam Wozney: beyond that, any other questions? Anything anybody wants to discuss in today's SIG community call? Otherwise, I'll give a quick wrap once.

Germany Beal: One question I do have and this is for clarification not only just for us since I know we're new to the ecosystem and other people who might be listening who are new are future contributors cuz before when we went about the proposals is it what is actually needed when submitting a proposal or things that we should be considering when we're submitting a proposal for instance I know we messed up with the submitting the  full amount versus like bringing down the milestones because that was something new that we didn't know.


### 00:25:00

Germany Beal: And I understand that there's certain contributors that I wouldn't say the rules necessarily like apply but I guess if overclock does it difference it is their treasury but is there anything else that we need to know when we're submitting do we actually do need to create a pitch deck or do we need to create

Germany Beal: how we're going to generate revenue? is there any other things that we could be missing or not understanding or that we just need to know going forward? Yeah, I mean we followed that.

Adam Wozney: Yeah. â€¦

Adam Wozney: I just put a link in the chat here to our best practices doc that as linked in GitHub. It's about a year old, so we might want to update it.

Germany Beal: Yeah, we followed that to the tea and we still I guess missing a lot of additional contextâ€¦

Germany Beal: which we're not clear on. So yeah.

Adam Wozney: Got if you could do me a favor then and if you have a few bullet points, you can put those into the SIG community channel and say, "Hey, going off of the governance proposal was good, but there were XYZ issues that we ran into as a part of our proposal that weren't clearly explained in the best practices doc.  we can use that to update the breast practices because again it's been about a year since we updated this. We try to do it yearly and I think last October is when we put in updated framework. But if you have some feedback in terms of however many bullet points you think are necessary while this was useful, these were the issues we ran into as a part of this proposal. We can add that to the best practices doc. So that way folks in the future will hopefully not run into those issues.

Adam Wozney: or if you even wanted to put it in as a discussion or a reply within the governance proposal, "Hey, here are the five bullet points of things that we ran into as issues while we were going through this process that can be improved upon." myself or Tyler or whomever can go in there and make some updates to the best practices doc. Yeah.

Germany Beal: All right, cool. Because again, it's at the end of the day, we don't know. So, I'll do exactly that. And it's like again, we probably would have it was discouraging for a minute because even though it didn't fail or it didn't pass, which is fine.

Germany Beal: But right when we got some people from overclock hit us up and " by the way, you just need this now." I'm like, " s***." "I didn't know that." So, yeah, I guess we can, but I'm just not sure how the communication works. No, they didn't make it clear that overclocking is separate but the So, it's like I simply just don't know. So, I guess having docs that will clarify that line andâ€¦

Adam Wozney: All right.

Adam Wozney: Right. Right.

Germany Beal: all right, if you're getting things from the community pool, then you have to generate revenue to get something to that will help us understand better what we need to do. So, it's we need to come up with a business model. All right, let's come up with a business model now.

Germany Beal: So little things like that will go hand in hand because again we were just mimicking what we've been seeing which that's when we decide or we saw that it doesn't really apply the rules are not created equal in a sense no offense to people who are trying to contribute versus OG's who want to do a proposal and I don't know it's like finding that balance and just being clear in terms of how things are going to be pros and future governance to really come in handy for not just usâ€¦

Germany Beal: but for new and future contributors to the protocol.

Adam Wozney: Got it. Absolutely.  So yeah, if you have any of those kind of those feedback items, and this is for anyone on the call, if you review the best practices doc and there's I don't really understand this part or here's something I think you should add or take out, just either put it in the SIG community channel, put your feedback and bullet points there, or just put it as a reply to the actual GitHub best practices page or discussion, and I will work on updating it because yeah, like I said, it's been about a year since we've updated

Adam Wozney: 

Adam Wozney: did it and I'm sure we've learned a lot since then. So, we definitely can take those learnings and make the best practices do talk that much better. any other agenda items? anybody else wants to discuss today? All then we're going to leave it at that. Yanick, I will follow up with you here in a second. We can do a quick call to fix your AKT sweeper You broke it. it's all your fault.  And after that we should be good to go. But as always, if anybody has any questions, comments, concerns, head over to the SIG community channel and leave your thoughts there. But other than that, I will plan on seeing you guys one month from now with a new governance proposal passed, Germany's proposal passed, everybody's proposals are going to pass. So really excited for that. But until then, we'll see you guys in the metaverse. Have a good week, y'all.

Roberto Abril: Goodbye if

Germany Beal: Hi everyone.


### 00:30:00

Rodri R: Have a nice week all. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:30:05 ðŸ‘‹
