# Akash Network - Community Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #34

## Agenda
* SIG Community purpose and scope recap
* Community leadership transition and continuity plan
* Updates on community support programs and Discord ‚ÄúRoles‚Äù channel
* Events recap and 2026 event programming direction
* New community initiative preview: Akash Club and open office hours
* Zealy updates, contests, and contributor rewards
* Community-built tooling demo and Console API feedback
* Documentation refresh, feature testing, and upcoming incentivized testnet work
* Open discussion: minimum escrow deposit friction for managed services
* Closing remarks and next steps

## Meeting Details

* Date: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 
* Time: 10:55 AM PST (Pacific Time) 
* Recording: Coming Soon
* [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants

* Alex Pedersen 
* Amanda Keay 
* Benjamin B 
* George Pro 
* Joe Deng 
* Rene Claude 
* Rodri R 
* Sandeep 
* T M 
* Tyler Wright 

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks and SIG Community Scope

* Tyler welcomed attendees and restated the purpose of SIG Community as the coordination layer for Akash community initiatives, including events programming and community contribution systems 
* Tyler clarified SIG Community‚Äôs scope relative to other SIGs and working groups, noting that this group is focused on community efforts rather than clients, providers, chain, and other functional areas 

### Community Leadership Transition

* Tyler addressed the transition in community leadership, noting that Adam Wazny is no longer on the Akash core team 
* Tyler introduced Joe Deng as the new Akash Community Manager and emphasized Joe‚Äôs prior experience across community and core-team roles, positioning him to lead continuity and improvements 
* Tyler signaled that Joe will take a more active role in SIG Community going forward and will introduce both continued and new initiatives over time 

### Funding and Program Continuity

* Tyler reiterated there is no plan to submit a community pool proposal for community initiatives at this time and that core team coverage continues for major cost centers, including event activities 
* Tyler highlighted continued reliance on Discord as the primary operational channel for builder support and escalation pathways 
* Tyler recognized ongoing support coverage from Vanguards and noted Joe has already engaged with Vanguards to improve and optimize the program 

### Discord ‚ÄúRoles‚Äù Channel for Targeted Updates

* Tyler introduced a new Discord channel called ‚Äúroles,‚Äù describing it as a way for community members to self-identify interests such as Console, CLI, and other tooling so updates can be targeted rather than broadcast to everyone 
* Tyler encouraged participants to opt into multiple roles to stay current on the areas they actively use or support 

### Events and Community Exposure

* Tyler referenced recent community touchpoints and ecosystem presence at external events, including DevConnect and NeurIPS, noting relationship-building and follow-on deployment interest 
* Tyler noted SIG Community includes the events working group and indicated Amanda will provide more detailed updates on event planning for 2026
* Tyler emphasized hackathons and regional hands-on events as a source of tangible contributions, including template updates and new active insiders, and suggested ramping event programming in 2026 

### Joe Deng Introduction and Community Direction

* Joe introduced himself and framed his focus around deeper connection, stronger onboarding, and leveraging existing community talent
* Joe previewed an initiative called ‚ÄúAkash Club,‚Äù positioned as a more casual space designed to welcome newcomers while creating meaningful opportunities for insiders to contribute 
* Joe described a direction to reuse and reorganize existing insider-created educational materials rather than letting prior work be lost during the transition 
* Joe stated the implementation details are still being finalized and will be shaped through experimentation and iteration 
* Joe noted the near-term plan to host open office hours, likely aligned to the previous time slot, while widening access beyond insiders to the broader community 

### Zealy Program Updates and Winner Selection

* Benjamin stated Zealy-related updates would be delivered quickly and flagged rescheduling across SIGs as a driver for shifting contest timing 
* Benjamin noted the swag contest was moved to the SIG Design meeting and that the game jam contest is upcoming, with details to be shared in Discord 
* Benjamin explained contributor contest winner selection mechanics, including duplicates for multiple contributions and attempts to exclude core team members 
* Benjamin announced the contributor contest winner as ‚ÄúLaser Kit‚Äù and stated the team will reach out and pay out the reward if wallet details are available 

### Tooling Demo and Console API Feedback

* Benjamin demoed a desktop client prototype intended to support subscription-based deployment experiences (e.g., VPN, game servers) and stated the project will be open sourced after foundational work is complete 
* Benjamin noted the prototype relies on the Console API and required reverse engineering in areas where the API did not provide needed deployment details, especially around URIs and ports 
* Tyler asked where the feedback should be captured; Benjamin indicated the Console channel is appropriate for consolidating feedback and requests

### Documentation, Testing, and 2026 Readiness

* Tyler shared that documentation updates are underway and have been tested by a subset of community members, with final design and structure improvements being completed before release
* Tyler described a 2026 need for broader community involvement in feature testing, including more structured testing documentation and incentivized efforts
* Tyler highlighted upcoming work around BME and described a path from internal testing toward an incentivized testnet, with more details expected as readiness increases

### Open Discussion: Minimum Escrow Deposit Friction

* Sandeep raised a concern about minimum deposit requirements when building managed services on Akash, arguing that low-cost workloads create idle funds when a higher minimum deposit is required
* Tyler advised moving the discussion to the SIG Chain channel because the minimum deposit parameter can be governed and changed through on-chain processes and community buy-in
* Benjamin added that minimum escrow deposits may differ between direct usage and Console-managed flows and suggested providing product feedback in the Console channel to request lower minimums 

### Calendar Cleanup and Transition Logistics

* Rodri raised a concern about calendar invites and continuity of recurring calls during the transition
* Joe noted there are leftover invites tied to previous ownership and stated the team intends to clean up and replace outdated meetings with a refreshed structure

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler stated this was the final SIG Community meeting of the year and encouraged continued engagement across upcoming SIG and working group sessions
* Tyler reiterated that Joe will share follow-ups in Discord and emphasized continued use of Discord roles for targeted updates 
* Tyler thanked contributors and specifically recognized Joe‚Äôs new role and Benjamin‚Äôs ongoing Zealy efforts before closing the meeting 

## Action Items

### Joe Deng

* Publish office hours details and access link in Discord, including guidance for participation from both insiders and the broader community 
* Define and share the initial Akash Club structure, including how existing insider learning materials will be incorporated 
* Clean up legacy calendar invites and communicate what meetings are active versus deprecated

### Tyler Wright

* Continue driving adoption of the Discord Roles channel and encourage role-based subscriptions for Console, CLI, and tooling updates 
* Direct community questions about chain parameters and minimum deposits to the appropriate SIG channels for governance and follow-through
* Share the timeline and participation expectations for upcoming testing initiatives and incentivized testnet efforts

### Benjamin B

* Follow up with Laser Kit regarding Zealy contributor contest payout logistics 
* Post Console API feedback in the Console channel, including missing deployment details such as URI and port discovery 
* Share a high-level plan for open sourcing the subscription-deployment tooling once the baseline is stable 

### Community Members

* Assign relevant Discord roles to receive targeted updates instead of broad pings 
* Share 2026 event ideas and programming suggestions in the Events Working Group channel
* Provide product feedback in the Console channel if minimum deposits block managed-service business models 
* Participate in upcoming testing initiatives as they are announced, including incentivized programs aligned to major feature releases

## Transcript

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG community monthly meeting. It's Tuesday, December 9th, 2025. during the special interest group for community members of the Akash general community come together to talk about all things related to community initiatives including programming the working group for events. Zeely and other programming associated or falling under the bucket of community efforts.

Tyler Wright: again there are a number of other SIGs and working groups specific to clients providers chain support and other parts of the Akash network. but this special interest group is again very focused on the Akash community efforts. Tyler oftentimes join this meeting but we can address the elephant in the room right from the get. Adam WNY who was the head of community and ran the SIG community meeting on a monthly basis since inception is no longer part of the core team of the Akash network. obviously he's done a great job of build up the community over a number of years. We wish him all the success in the world.

Tyler Wright: Joe Deng who is on this call right now who has been a part of the community for a number of years at this point has been a part of the core team in a number of different roles throughout that time is going to be the new Akash community manager and I think this was already discussed and shared with the Akash insiders so that again are a part of the insider program already privy to this information but just sharing this information to the wider  community again as time goes on and as s community meetings continue onward Joe will have a more active role in the SIG community and you'll see a number of the initiatives and program has either continued on or again a number of new initiatives that Joe has been working on with number of members of the insider community

Tyler Wright: All before I see if there's any other agenda items, I will discuss some things that were discussed at the last SIG community meeting. again, you could see a PR for the last SIG community meeting notes.  I'm still waiting for some RWave tokens to create the video, but again, George Pro, who's also on this call, does a great job of providing notes and transcripts for all the meetings in a very reasonable amount of time.

Tyler Wright: again, as was discussed at the last community meeting, there is no plan to put forth a community proposal for community pool funds for community initiatives. the core team is covering a lot of the cost around a lot of these programs including Q4 events and otherwise. there was a lot of discussion specifically inside the insiders programs how to sign up as well as the Vanguard's program ring leaders and some other programs. Again the Vanguard's program is continuing to push on and Joe has already met with a number of Vanguards to continue to improve and optimize that program. But if anybody's looking for 24 by7

Tyler Wright: support in Akasha's discord is the main builder channel for all things like technical conversation. Again, please feel free to continue to reach out to Vanguards and you'll see active Vanguards pretty much throughout the day. So big shout out to that group.  In addition to that there is and you will see this inside a kosh discore there is a new section or channel rather called roles. The idea of this channel this is brought forth by the core engineering team.

Tyler Wright: The idea behind this channel is those that have various roles within the AOS ecosystem, whether they're using the playbook to build providers, their console users, they use aos chat, or they use CLI or they have some other built-in integration. the idea of this ROS channel is for people to be able to gain a role of things and concepts they are interested in with the intent that when the core engineering team needs to provide updates instead of everybody getting pinged and there just a lot of alerts going out those that again care about console can get updated on all things console in real time if there's a specific issue or a new feature.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: same with those using the CLI and other parts of the Akash toolkit. So if you haven't already, please go into that Discord channel and sign up for multiple roles so that you can stay as date as possible about all things related to those specific subjects in Discord. outside of that at the last meeting again there was additional conversations about the ring masters program and some of the initiatives coming out of that. Jeremy Bol a member of the community talked about some projects that he's been working on and we'll take some steps and maybe sharing those in the SIG channel in between meetings.

Tyler Wright: again since our last SIG community meeting some folks attended Dev Connect in Buenosarees and there was a number of speaking opportunities that came out of that as well as this past week some folks from the core team were at Nurups in San Diego which is a large AI ML conference that's been around since I believe around the 1970s or 80s. and while the core team and Akos did not have a booth within Europe's there was a number of side events that Akash network collaborated on with AI projects and a number of other events and a kind of setup outside of the main Europe's convention center.

Tyler Wright: so again a lot of connections and relationships were built and I believe a number of folks are now deploying on Akash and trying out different parts of their aos infrastructure. So I believe going into the new year again SIG community covers the working group for events. Amanda will have some updates on events for 2026. if anybody has any ideas, feel free to share them in our working group for events channel as well as I think updates and ideas around updating the event strategy. because as Amanda will tell you in more detail, but I've seen a little bit secondhand, there's been a lot of great items that have come out of hackathons.

Tyler Wright: fennel who ran a hackathon hack India there were a number of contributions to awesome Akos and updating templates there's a number of new in active insiders that have come out of hackathons and some regional events that have been handson and have having people deploy so I think the idea is to ramp some of those events and some of that programming up in 2026 but again I'll let Joe and Amanda talk about that in future SIG community meetings. Cool. I did want to go ahead, Roger. Yeah.

Rodri R: Hey, sorry I was a little late besides what you just said. Anything else than a short summary, like one sentence?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I was just talking about the last SIG community meeting.

Tyler Wright: I mentioned that Adam Wazny who was head of community is no longer part of a core team and Joe Deng is going to be serving as Akos community manager and we'll build out some programming that he'll discuss at future meetings and again he's already started to talk to a number of insiders again he was an insider and a core team member at different times over the last three years so he's wellversed with folks in the

Tyler Wright: community as well as Akash network as a whole. Joe, don't feel obliged because I know again you'll follow up with some additional ideas and programming later, but I just want to see if there's anything that you wanted to specifically mention or obviously introduce yourself to members of the community. I know you've already introduced yourself to members of the insiders and then following any words that you have feel free to take your time.  I do I know that Benjamin wants to talk about some ZLY updates so I want to give him some time and then again if anybody else has any thing that they want to talk about please feel free to drop in the chat we can make sure it gets discussed but Joe I'll hand it over to

Joe Deng: Yeah, thanks Tyler for the introduction. I appreciate that. I guess hi My name is Joe. I also go by Caleum and I'm super excited to step into the role of the community manager for Akash and I hope everybody will give me a chance to build this empire with everyone together.  It's a privilege to be a part of this experiment where we try and foster an open community around our shared passion of hash and to actually have the ability to contribute to a success. I don't have too much to share right now as the plans are still ongoing, but I did want to give just a slight sneak peek about what we can expect in the short term as we navigate this transition.


### 00:10:00

Joe Deng: my goal here really is to focus on how we can grow together as a community and how we can connect more deeply and also leverage the incredible resources and talent that we have within this community. I want to introduce an initiative called Akos Club which is meant to be a space for our community to be more casual and open to newcomers. So at Kosh Club there will be numerous opportunities for insiders to contribute and my vision is to actually have the club run by insiders by the end of next year.  So this means I encourage everyone here and not here to consider stepping up to the challenge and sharing your unique skills and as well as personalities with the greater community. Like I said, still working out the details, but I kind of see future events coming out in two flavors. The first is going to be all about growing everyone's Aashian knowledge.

Joe Deng: And this means to help everyone understand our product better and how it tackles today's challenges within AI ownership or the coming energy crisis. And the goal here really is to boost the motivation to contribute motivation to join the insiders as well as strengthen the belief in the work that we're all doing together.  And I'm hoping that this also acts as a slow onboarding for any students joining in from our student ambassador program or any future token holders that might be interested in our community. So rather than throw the book at them on this is a kosh which is also available by the way we will wrap it around in a more communal experience where we can all learn together and help others catch on and catch up to more quickly.

Joe Deng: And I'm thinking these will probably be different variety of events which I will go over more in the future, but it could be like AMAs with the core team or group watch parties on any source material that we want to discuss together about, what's new and what's upcoming. And so really the idea is to have interactions that will provide our community with greater insights and have a deeper connection with our mission. And then the second group of events that I want to point out will be more  will be monthly networking meetups where it's more about meeting others inside our community with our hair down personalities out and I think that there is a lot of capable minds here in our community. I really think that we can make great connections here for life and this might come in the form of game nights, maybe a kosh trivia nights, fun activities to bring the community together. We'll throw in a couple of AKD door prizes to sweeten the pot, but I think we'll all have a good time.

Joe Deng: And the last thing I want to share is about how we're going to wrap all of this new effort around aligning our current contributions and Zeli programs with the mission to push our marketplace forward.  So this can be in the form of maybe content or social tasks as we move the brand forward and with help from our new socials manager Michelle to help clo and also goes towards helping closing technical issues from accasha's GitHub repos and to move the objectives forward as well and I appreciate your help Tyler to be a liazison for between us and core engineering which are very very busy folks I hear and

Joe Deng: The key here really is for the community to look forward to more involvement from the core team in regards to the creation of bounties and contributions for our community. And of course, we're going to look forward to Marissa Embed who runs the contributions and Zilly programs to continue to help in communicating these contribution requests to the broader community.  And I thank you in advance for all your contributions. And so yeah, there's a lot more once we start the implementation. And I don't really want to take up everybody's time right now and ramble on the clock, but I feel like those are the headline items that the community can expect from me in the short term.

Joe Deng: And in the spirit of openness and hopefully meeting all of you guys, I will be hosting office hours this Thursday where anybody can stop by, ask me any questions, what I'm thinking, as well as give me thoughts on what you're thinking and what you might want to see in the community going forward. We are in transition period. So everything is on the table and I'll be dropping a link in the general inside of chat, as well as other places where our community lives and I hope you all have the chance to make it. And that's all I have right now. With that, I will pass it along to Benjamin. Yes, it will be more of a kind of open office where just sit down and ask me anything and I'll love to hear your ideas.


### 00:15:00

Benjamin B: Did you see that Roger had his hand up beforeh?

Joe Deng: No. Rajie, what‚Ä¶

Joe Deng: what have

Rodri R: Yeah, thanks Ben.

Rodri R: Yeah, so quick question. you and I already talked about this and sounds great. Ready to help on boarding point that you mentioned, I agree that sometimes it's hard for new users to go through all the docs and everything like it can be overwhelming for some. but maybe you don't know about Akos some insiders already built several courses which may be more techy but I guess we can still use them if you in this transition you still have access to a Kashidu and‚Ä¶

Rodri R: I mean I don't think they should get lost and we can maybe add to them or present them in a kash club or I think you and I talked about this and about adding these courses to a kosh

Joe Deng: Yeah, that's right.

Joe Deng: So I'm not going to let all the hard work, the sweat and tears that, you guys have done previous to go to waste. So, I will be basically downloading all of those accomplishments and re reappropriating them in the new plan. And so, currently, my plan is to put that within a module I'm looking at a platform right now that I can host the office hours in. And with it, there's going to be ways to enter in classrooms where you can actually view all the videos and all the material.

Joe Deng: but it's hard for me to put a pointer on it right now because I haven't gotten around to actually implementing it. And so I am hopeful to implement the platform for our office hours this week. And by next week hopefully I have a better idea in terms of what is capable and what it's not. as we kind of experiment and see how we can make it more accessible basically. So there won't be anything in terms of certifications or things like that,

Joe Deng: But there's going to be some changes around how new insiders will be minted inducted and so we can talk more details during the office hours because the plans are still not set in stone yet. It's still very new and so I would like to get a proposal out to everybody as well as the higherups and we can talk about that once we have things more settled down and more written out basically. yes,‚Ä¶

Rodri R: Quick question again. this office hours, is it going to be different from the insiders weekly call?

Joe Deng: I will probably try to keep it the same time because I personally believe the majority of people that will go to my office hours will likely be the same people that would go to the previous one.

Joe Deng: So, I would try to aim for it to be at the same time, but I will be opening it up to just community in general to see if anybody else outside of the inside office hours would join us and feel free to ask questions and basically get to know me hopefully.

Rodri R: Sounds good.

Joe Deng: All Get back to you, Ben.

Benjamin B: All right, thank I have quite a few updates for CEL this month, but it will go pretty quick. Starting off, we didn't have a lot of special interest group meetings last month because a lot of them were rescheduled. So, the swag contest was moved to the SIG design meeting that is on I think the 15th of December or something.

Benjamin B: So more information will be shared there and we are still going to use the same budget as we allocated last month. The game jam contest is coming soon and we will share more info in the discord channel. then for the contributor and the participant contests that we recently created, we're going to pick the winner for the contributor one right now in this call. the participant contest will be either picked offline or in another SIG or working group meeting because we were unable to get all of the meeting group meeting notes for all of the SIG meetings from last month. and finally we have a demo to show what we've been building on our off time the past few months.


### 00:20:00

Benjamin B: So, let's start with picking the winner for the contributor contest. Here we go. You should be able to see the wheel of names screen right now. And some of these names on the right are duplicates. This is because some users contributed more.  We picked from multiple sources and we also let people contribute multiple times for a higher chance to win. also for transparency because Rodri has not been part in reviewing this. he's also included in this list so he can still win.

Benjamin B: We try to exclude OCL members and people who are otherwise part of the core team such as the console team. And here we go and the winner is Laser Kit. we'll be reaching out to you and if we already have a wallet address to you, we're just going to pay the reward out. I'm not sure if the sound was from the group or‚Ä¶

Rodri R: It should be from the will of names.

Benjamin B: from the website, but that was a nice addition. All right, and then we have the demo.

Benjamin B: Give me one second and I'll showcase it. I think it's best if I share the full screen.  So, right now we have a desktop client we're experimenting with because we also want to be able to create a client for whenever we help upgrade the AOSVPN because that will be part desktop client, maybe even mobile app depending on how far we want to take it.

Benjamin B: So don't be bothered that this is not a website that people can access. We've built the login functions so I can quickly log in. I tried to log in when I was already logged in. I'm not sure if that brings any problems.

Rodri R: It's always on the demos, man.

Benjamin B: Yeah, it always the demos. Okay, so I can't showcase the subscription then because I'm already subscribed with this account otherwise I would be asking for someone's credit card info to showcase. All right, then it's just hosting them.

Benjamin B: So for the demo, we just quickly let me actually press the button first and we'll hope this part of the demo works. this could be anything else.  We're going to open source as soon as the base is fully built and people can create the subscription services on a kosh where they have a user base who subscribes to the platform and then the users can deploy services of their own. If that's VPN servers, If it's game server, it's that.

Benjamin B: and it could also be rebuilt to have balance systems and similar. We're using the console API for this, which wasn't the easiest to use because we had to reverse engineer some stuff. So, we're hoping to be able to give some feedback to the console team on that. And, other than that, there's not much to say.  Eventually, we will get a provider that's picked out and a port number, a URI, stuff like that. But the deployments aren't super quick. We should have had more logs here, but we didn't build that part out.

Tyler Wright: I love this. Thank you, Ben.  Where do you have the feedback written down or can you drop something in the console channel where do you think the best place to get feedback would be


### 00:25:00

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think the console channel is good enough for that.

Benjamin B: But I can take quickly here as well.  Some of the feedback relates to that the API doesn't really cover getting the URI and ports and stuff like that. You get very minimal amounts of details. So everything here we had to reverse engineer our way too. we also saw some user have similar issues on Discord when trying to use the API today. Anyways, here it is.  So, the demo doesn't look very flashy right now, but most of the functionality is finally here. And I'll give it to you, Rodri, if I didn't say the same thing as you. Yeah.

Rodri R: I was going to say also that a user was asking about the API not yielding all the URIs and I checked it as well and it doesn't for some  Listen.

Benjamin B: or I see something in the chat from Sandeep who wants me to explain what this demo is about and where we get this. so we haven't fully open sourced this yet. We can share the code but it's still a process of setting it up and we want to make it as easy as possible just letting people deploy an STL to have it complete.  Right now, you have to set everything up manually, but we're getting there. if you're the user who wanted help with the console API specifically, we can share some of the code we used, but it's written in Typescript script most of the console API stuff. So, I'm not sure if it will help you when you're using Python.

Tyler Wright: I think Sandep was asking what the demo was. It's just an easy way to deploy simple SCLs onto Aash

Benjamin B: It's more like we're creating an open-source repo that people can fork and create their own businesses on the call where their users can use subscriptions to deploy servers. So basically for server resellers to easily set up their business on a kosh VPN, game server, website, stuff like that.  And obviously you'll have to expand on the base that will be open sourced. But we're hoping for this to be useful for example to the contributions program.

Tyler Wright: On the note of documentation, this has been discussed in the working group for the Akash website. the core engineering team has been working on updates to documentation.  Again, a lot of the Akash Vanguards as well as navigators have historically provided a great deal of support to new and existing users inside Discord. and when items need to be escalated, they're always asking the core team for support. I know the core team has been working on the cons SDK 53 migration and a number of other items that have been completed at this point.

Tyler Wright: And so the core engineering team took an effort into really updating the documentation so that a lot of the questions that they get asked a significant amount that could be holes the manage wallets API documentation has been updated by the client team as well as well as other API documentation. there's been a group of users in the community some on this call that have been involved in testing this documentation over the last couple of weeks. and now we're in the final phases where Dennis who many from SIG design is been working on final touches of the design look and feel and making sure the structure kind of meets the criteria that we're looking for. and you should see updated documentation over the next couple of days.

Tyler Wright: The goal is one for those that want to contribute and are getting them their feet wet a little bit more technical. the documentation is always a place where you can see where there's holes in documentation, make documentation changes based upon again your feedback reading it. It's always a great starting point for people.  But we're going to be looking for more folks in the community that can contribute so that again the core team can focus on feature development as well as members of the community and really new folks that come in or more technical folks that engage with the community. it's it's easier for them to contribute. so again always looking for feedback on this documentation. If anybody has any thoughts, please drop them in the working group channel.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: but this again have been heavily tested by the core team as well as a select group of members of the community moving into 2026. This is another thing that I just want to call out. there is and Joe has talked about this as a part of the programming.  there is going to be more of a need and desire because there's going to be a lot more features coming out from teams in the community as well as the core engineering team from OCL. so there's going to be a need to do a lot more testing of features. I know that BME is one of the bigger features that's coming out on the horizon coming soon and the core engineering team is going to be going into a phase of internal testing I think over the next couple days.

Tyler Wright: But after that, there's going to be an incentivized test net with members of the Akos community to try to test BME and try to break BME before a network upgrade happens probably early in 2026. There's a number of new features whether it be VM support that the core engineering team is working on, a number of features to clients, console and various integrations through APIs. but again, as these things continue to be built and new features are added, I'm going to be working with Joe and Joe's going to be working with a number of the community to have folks that are testing these features, as well as creating testing documentation around these features. So, really looking forward to finding more folks in 2026. And obviously, there will be rewards for all of these kinds of, efforts.

Tyler Wright: but really looking for more folks to get involved there. I know this came out of Hack India that Fenil is running and also through some efforts through Zeely. But I do want to shout out everybody that's contributing to awesome Akos and updating a lot of the older templates in awesome AOS. It really is going a long way. I've gotten a lot of user feedback in the last couple of weeks slash months from some folks again because aos is permissionless. there's a lot of people that use a kosh that we just don't know. but some of those folks are coming out of the woodworks because the experience continues to improve and they are highlighting hey I use templates here and it's really refreshing that a lot of the templates I need on Akos are actually up to date. and that wasn't always the case.

Tyler Wright: So again, anybody wants to is looking for a way to contribute, That's another way that a lot of users are always again looking to have as smooth and an efficient experience as possible. That's like an engineer by trade, so as easy as the experience can be. So they're not looking for old templates. that'll make folks life a lot easier.  So really appreciate everybody from the community that's been involved in creating and updating new templates. And then big shout out to Democus and other people in the community for giving feedback and then ultimately making sure that those items get merged. I see a message in the chat.

Tyler Wright: Does SDK get changes after we migrate to a new chain? yes, I'm sure there'll be changes to SDK before that. Again, as new features get unlocked again with VM support, I'm sure there'll be changes that require the SDK. So the SDK is a living kind of breathing thing that will continue to have changes around it. looking for more people to again get involved.  I know there's actually some people in the community that are also working on making it easier to deploy Python applications on Akos and adding new kind of client languages. So always looking for more people to get involved in some of those conversations and hopefully again some of the APIs and chain SDK make it easier for that work to be done in the future.

Tyler Wright: very much the goal and we talk about this in other SIGs and working groups in the steering committee is to continue to drive demand on the Akos network works, right? And there's a really lively community.  So, when people are looking for a decentralized compute solution, whether or not they know about Akos and we're continuing to try to increase that presence as a community, through the ring masters program, through everybody involved in the community, like spreading the word in their regions. but outside of that, there's oftent times other decentralized compute projects that people deploy on or try to deploy on and then ultimately find themselves on Akos because Akos is the only one that works. Historically, Akos has had a great deal of difficulty for folks that are not extremely technical.


### 00:35:00

Tyler Wright: And so whether it be through documentation, through user experience on console, through a number of other applications that are being built by overclock labs and me and other teams in the community, the goal is to continue to drive demand on the AOS network, on the deployment side as well as the idea is when more folks are looking to deploy that'll bring more supply which is out there onto the network.  So, I'm always trying to remind folks that that is a northstar, especially those in the community that are the first touch points for a lot of users that come in. So, I've been rambling. I just want to see if there's anything anybody else wants to discuss as it pertains to community efforts.

Tyler Wright: If not, then I'm sure Joe will provide updates in Discord. so please look out for those updates in Discord. Please again look at the ROS channel and add some roles to your Discord profile so that you can be alerted about specific themes that may apply to items that you're working on.

Tyler Wright: Really appreciate the update from Benjamin and all things happening on the Zeli front and the demo as well. I see a couple questions. Just go ahead send deep and then bra following.

Sandeep: I don't know whether it will be relatable to this meeting or‚Ä¶

Sandeep: but I had this question regarding the minimum deposit fee in the while deploying.  So is that 5 USD is the minimum we need to deploy workload or can it be changed in the near future? the problem here is if I want to deploy I'm trying to build a managed service on top of Akash.

Sandeep: So the managed service to deploy a static website it is just costing me like $03 or $0.12. So if I deposit that $5 let's say in coming days if my users deploy hundreds of deployments then most of the funds will be in idle. So I need more funds to deploy on So yeah this is my issue. So any in any way can be able to solve this or‚Ä¶

Sandeep: how should I yeah I go

Tyler Wright: I would say drop a kind of flow that you are experiencing in the SIG chain channel.

Tyler Wright: That's where blockchain related items come to that parameter around that kind of deployment lease value that is something that can be voted upon on chain. I believe it's been changed a couple of times over the history of the Akash network. so it is a parameter that can be changed. but again there would have to be buyin from the community.

Tyler Wright: So I would say the next step would be to talk about your use case and your issue in the SIG chain channel and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: maybe there's another solve or maybe it starts a conversation about lowering that minimum.

Sandeep: Got it.

Sandeep: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Of course. Go ahead, Rodri. And then Benjamin

Rodri R: So yeah, to answer send it real quick, I think you got the $5 deposit from all documents cuz you can deploy with 0.5 unless it's different for USDC and the same goes for providers.  It used to be 5K, but that was changed as Tyler said in a parame parameter a long time ago, but still just drop a message in Discord and we'll see how we can help. And then my other question was for I raised my hand for a question for Joe. we agreed that there's going to be an office hours and then insiders hours or cuz I got a calendar update for insiders calls and for ring master's call from Pope Black with this messages were used to be from Adam.


### 00:40:00

Rodri R: guessing Pope Black is going to be managing insiders calls and ring masters calls or what's the plan on

Joe Deng: I'm not exactly sure who Poke Black is. but it looks like there's a lot of leftover invites from Adam's email. So, I might ask for access and kind of cancel all those meetings because I will be implementing my own. so I also see a call for the red team on my calendar that's not going to be happening. So there's a lot of remnants and we are going to clean that up in the coming days.

Rodri R: So, I guess we skip those calendar call for this week‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Benjamin.

Rodri R: until you come up with the new ones.

Joe Deng: 

Joe Deng: Yes, exactly. we could talk more about this on Thursday when we meet

Benjamin B: I just wanted to elaborate the response to Sandep. I believe both the AKT and USDC minimum escrow deposits are 0.5 in each value. But if you use console, I believe you have to use five USDC for the managed API.  You can try to change the value, but I believe that's the minimum because when I was using the managed wallet on console today, I didn't get an option to change it from five down to 0.5. So, you can try to reach out in the AOS console channel and give them their feedback that you'd like it to be lowered because I'm pretty sure it can be lowered.

Tyler Wright: Thank you both. Is there any other questions or comments that anybody wants to bring up during the sick community monthly meeting? I know that Sandy brought up the question of new chain.  Again, I will ask that people especially on the community side, please use the discussions as a place to get involved in conversations give feedback. There is a discussion around exploration of a new chain. Again, this is going to be a long drawn out process. So, there's a lot more features that are being developed right now for the Akos network on Cosmos,

Tyler Wright: so again we're just in the exploratory phase as a core team and as a whole this is an entire community effort.  So while again the exploration is very important and a high priority continuing to build traction on the network as it exists today is also a high priority and a lot of new features are being built with a thought process that again some of these things will have to be adapted and changed slightly and when there is a migration to a new chain.

Tyler Wright: but all these things are very Again, you'll hear more from Joe in future meetings. I'll still be present as always. And again, this will be the last SIG community meeting of 2025. big shout out to everybody that's been involved throughout the year. there's a really truncated schedule over the next couple of weeks. So there's a lot of siks and working groups like sik providers, sick design all happening over the next two weeks. so please feel free to get involved in a lot of those conversations and help push items forward.

Tyler Wright: look out for updates for this group specifically around the office kind of open office hours that Joe is going to be doing that'll share as well as incentivized test net for BME which I'm sure will be talked a little bit more tomorrow during sick economics and then again there'll be more details once that's ready to happen. Big shout out to everyone again. great to see Joe in this new role as Akos community manager and looking forward to all he'll do. Again, big shout out to Benjamin and all he's doing on the Zilly front. and thank you to everybody that's participating today. Looking forward to seeing more of you and more folks new and old community members in 2026. Have a great day everybody.


### 00:45:00

Benjamin B: Thanks everyone.

Joe Deng: Have a good

Rodri R: Same to you all. Have a nice day. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:45:35 üëã

