

# # wg-content-moderation meeting

### 2022, December 22 9:00am - 10:00am

### Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Andrew Mello
- Boz Menjali


## Meeting Details

- [Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xdRohnqbzRUttB2SrrF0hQST4Are03uK/view?usp=sharing)
- [Meeting Transcription](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SeTVfcC4lmoRT5A2275wYaW7If3eGvsMQf_7HbZ7mPA/edit?usp=share_link)


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Bozanich: so we this is the the nascent or like prototype version of Working Groups for the Overclock Network. Very, we are on the Provider Content. Moderation, working group discussing, how to Give providers options to be able to moderate the content that is hosted on their platforms. and the date is,…

Alani Kuye: All right.

Adam Bozanich: December 22nd 2022.

Adam Bozanich:  Okay, now that we have that out of the way, We're discussing.

Adam Bozanich: And let's see. So the the pretty team has made it says proposed that they'd like to be able to access All of the endpoints of that a provider is hosting through an API,…

Alani Kuye: You.

Adam Bozanich: so that they can scan it determine whether or not there's content that the provider would not want to be hosted on their platform in order to do that one. And as,…

Alani Kuye: Fall.

Adam Bozanich: you know, kind of like a simple way to do that would be to expose the least status API. That's currently exposed to clients, allow the provider to be able to see that same API because that includes the The host names for Web applications for ages.

Alani Kuye:  Right.

Andrew Mello: If?

Adam Bozanich:  We're discussing like, okay, the least you scan it, you have access to the the To the Web app, Then what it's a Alani said, Okay, what are we OCR? Okay? It gets flagged by some automated process and then what, right? And and so there's just that that's particularly where we are in conversation and we don't know the answer to yet.

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich:  I don't know. Deval you guys have thought about How to handle this stuff or not.

Deval Patel: Here. Yeah, so first of all, we wanted to get the access to the API to get the access to the Url's office names are and get the access to the Web that way we just wanted to wanted the providers. The easier access to the URLs or the Web application word, which they are hosting. So they can make the informed decision about like whether this things are appropriate or not, right? We have not thought about triggering that right, triggering because that, that's a complicated subject and who's gonna do and like, then we get into the liability part as well. I'm sure Scott and he can jump

Deval Patel: On that. But our beginning, like, we wanted to start from somewhere like the content, moderation. So we wanted to be, we thought easiest way is that give them the URL access or web application access they can get, which they are hosting actually, right? And that way, they can, you know, go their check. Check out if there were application is legit or not, right? If not, then they should be able to close that, please as well.

Alani Kuye: So interesting. That's a very, very interesting point. I think the In the short term, the walk around could be if we have such flag should the Provider Because providers today have the ability to message, you know, to post out to send outbound messages to their their deployes, you know, the folks who are deploying on their machines. So, should that trigger then alert the provider. So the provider can tell the, You know, Hey, if you're running XYZ, work women environment, you know, whatever that, whatever that template, you know, whatever that process and or template would look like, you know, looking TBD that but put that back in the providers court, to take action. Now, the provider doesn't take any action in a certain time frame, then obviously, that's a governance discussion.

Adam Bozanich: I think that this would…

Deval Patel: Yes.

Adam Bozanich: I'm sorry, maybe a, I think I missed something and With the idea with this be that the providers themselves are viewing. The leases that, are they themselves are hosting Is that what you're described?

Alani Kuye: No, they yeah, if it's if something's flagged, right? So if we flagged like I said earlier, inappropriate content, On XYZ Providers box, then that alert that Hey provider. Alani, you know, we just found XYZ kind of content on your device please review and then the provider can look and see. What that content is now today providers have capability to message people who deploy in their machines so I can see it and I go Okay I don't like what's going on here. I'm just gonna broadcast a message out to folks who have deployed on my machine and give them, you know, three days to take it down and they don't I'm gonna go take it down. so, I mean it's an idea but I think in the short term, that could be something we can examine

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so Adam. I I had a some more clarifying question. So let me just make sure that I have this this correct. So basically Deval what what is being suggested is not providers. Having direct access to the least status API but greater having Access to the least status API.

Andrew Mello: but,

Scott Carruthers: So authenticated API endpoint that the Prater team. The prettier application would be able to see lease status across all providers. And then you're, I would assume through an authenticated website at provider would be Otis the Their least status URLs through the Prater application. Is that correct?

Deval Patel: I'm not sure how you can give us specifically the excess of the URL. right, so what we thought is like once the provider actually log, Will pay chart right at point. They are verified and you know they have the sign or…

Andrew Mello: All right.

Deval Patel: like whatever the transaction is to be done. Then they can they can verify it's their address and that control, right? And give the access to that you particular URL we can show them into the dashboard,…

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Deval Patel: right? But I'm not sure. Specifically, how you can give it to us, right? so,

Scott Carruthers: Well there's an authenticated API but I understand why you're saying yes. So the right or…

Andrew Mello: It.

Scott Carruthers: logging into this application and through an authenticated API, they would have access to their own lease status URL. So yeah,…

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: that makes sense as well. Okay.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah,…

Alani Kuye: oh,

Adam Bozanich: so just to be clear, I mean it's totally something that we could facilitate and I don't just like, I think it'd be great to just Kind of define what you need and we could separate it from necessarily the client. The, the API that the client is as the least status. I'm not saying that like exactly that is not the right thing to do.

Andrew Mello: It.

Adam Bozanich: I just

Adam Bozanich: It might be beneficial to be like, okay, This is what providers need and actually create a new endpoint for providers to be able to access because the authentication is different. Actually the information,…

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: they That the way that it gets that status may be different like providers have access to the Kubernetes cluster, right? And the, the client APIs thus far I've really meant The intention of them was to abstract away.

Andrew Mello: Here.

Adam Bozanich: The fact that it's on Kubernetes and basically make it you know, I don't want to say watered down but quite abstract away from the way things run, I think that the provider API could potentially be more coupled with with with Kubernetes and,

Adam Bozanich:  We would not necessarily want everybody to be using the same API all the time, even if the fields that you're getting back. Like, for instance, the The. host Names, Even if all the host names it feels the same that we might want them to be a different API, which would be really easy to So it'd be great to just kind of get some specs for, for what we need here. I know that we talked about them a little bit earlier and let's see, let's see when we talked about this. Yeah, so there's a definition of the remote programming API.

Adam Bozanich:  and then, There's and I believe so again, I'm just gonna copy this here again here. There's the remote probing API for now. Maybe there's a better name for that insight API or management API.

Adam Bozanich:  But part of that, one of them would be good to get those things.

Adam Bozanich: Another one would be to closely.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: And then there's some, you know, closing at least is one thing. But, you know, perhaps would want to just say, like disallah, disallow either be

00:10:00

Adam Bozanich:  the account, the, the tenants and, or At least image of things like this.

Adam Bozanich:  Did somebody raise their hand? Go ahead.

Andrew Mello: Right. Yeah, I was starting to define that for what I'm was gonna talk about today. A bit with the static blocking. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Yeah, good. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah. So that's Let's dig into that because there is a lot of overlap, right? I think The,…

Andrew Mello:  Yes.

Adam Bozanich: the What crater is looking for is like they need to get the host names for their method of determining, whether or not something is bad content, they need the host. And you're gonna be using something else,…

Andrew Mello: Yeah. So so

Adam Bozanich: but both of you want to be able to close all these, right? So that's

Andrew Mello: You know, between our last meeting in this meeting, I was reflecting a bit on on priorities and I keep coming back to, to really the static blocking, is what I'm calling it the static blocking. Basically, the high level thesis for…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Andrew Mello: is that the goals should be that we never get the provider into a state with that content like as kind of a first goal. So, rather than thinking about. Okay, there's bad content already on the provider. Let's use potentially static blocking the first, like, never get to that place, right? So one of the simple examples I'm thinking about using here to to extrapolate on is is to only allow providers to run awesome akash apps, right? So anything in awesome akash I I feel comfortable letting my provider run that, right? So potentially using static blocking, we could pretty quickly get there so that you know, a prayer, provid,

Andrew Mello:  Setting up, could could take a box that says, Okay. I just want to run Awesome Akash apps only and you know, next next and that is going to. Then query we can update on on the Akash, you know, provider software site that would go out and query, you know, a ideally API that would have the, you know, current list of apps in our, in our

Andrew Mello: Austin mccosh repo and and it would allow the the provider to bid on those. So I think I think thinking about this as again from From my perspective, the static blocking is really the way to go for what needs to be done in the immediate and and that can help us prevent providers from even getting into the state of having, you know, a dirty workload or a negative workload. If they're, you know, limited for what they're gonna bid on, and then we can go even deeper with it, right? So we can, We can go farther with port list. So we can have an allow Deny port list. We can do a docker image list, you…

Adam Bozanich: and,

Andrew Mello: Again, those could be either defined by the user or be pointed at APIs with you know, massive lists of allowing Docker images wallet list. This is definitely super important, so so the provider can put in, okay, I want to only allow these wallets to to deploy and the reason that one's really interesting is

Andrew Mello: Actually, for providers, like Cherry servers. We could potentially offload kyc to them, right? We could say, Okay, you want to allow your cut, only your customers to deploy on your provider. So you you take, you know, get their wallet and put that on your allow list and now you're handling the Kyc and…

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Andrew Mello: you don't have to worry about any, any Randoms running workloads on your your, You know, provider because you'll know everybody. So wallet lists are very important. I would love to have them now already just as a static thing again and then hostname list, of course. So, you know, you can have an approve list and a deny list of of host names either statically defined or sitting on a you know API somewhere.

Andrew Mello: So that's that's my big take on on kind of why static blocking is super important right now because it can solve a lot of problems before we even get there with them. And then once we we have some static blocking you…

Alani Kuye: It.

Andrew Mello: then thinking about how these workloads get manipulated how people can access them to put you know or inject content into them.

Adam Bozanich: If?

Andrew Mello: That's like a whole nother level and we're gonna have that problem even with any, you know, workload. So that those are kind of different layers but for me right now with with my providers, I would sleep a lot better at night knowing that I could just say Okay on these providers you're only running awesome akash apps and and that could be our first allow list. And and first one to work on

Adam Bozanich: so, I agree, especially with the tenant So it especially at the tenant address one. I think that that one is like if they have a lot of utility really easily with a pretty little lift. The awesome Akash one, I think. It sounds really cool. But anyways, the question. Like, then you dig in a little bit deeper and like, how do I identify that? Something is an awesome Akash. We probably.

00:15:00

Andrew Mello: Oh, well, the API server is doing that. If the API, you know the API servers, checking the repo every, you know, every time it's updated or every 15 minutes or something. Yeah,…

Adam Bozanich:  What's a chicken?

Andrew Mello: For the latest list of of apps that are sitting there in the awesome Akash repo.

Adam Bozanich: How does it know? That's an outlet. So yeah, it gets a man best buy

Andrew Mello:  OH, just pulls the pulls the image tag right out of the SDL across across the apps in a little script, you know.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, state talking about image. This. Okay.

Andrew Mello:  Right. So that one is really image-based. Yep. And we would just live update it and again it would be nice because we could focus the community on, you know? Hey it's safe. Those set of apps.

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Deval Patel: One question. If So right now,…

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, go ahead.

Deval Patel: like there are two and a 424 leases active leases right? Like do we know are like that is not. You know, report there, it says that how many applications are running through awesome markers correct. Like I mean, let's say our operator application right now is not in automotive is actually running on I've got as well.

Andrew Mello: I know.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, so we it's a complicated answer, but like, A precise answer. No, we don't have right because they would require

Adam Bozanich: probing all like each provider can can know which images are being deployed of these Right? Each American notion images are being deployable is decentralized. So like now one person knows. Yeah, hopefully, right and one person, not when entity that goes all the providers. so, like, there's little ways that we can get at it like, you know, if there were running a campaign and we know there's so many you know, providing and…

Alani Kuye: and,

Adam Bozanich: we know there are such and such many Of those things that are active and that takes out a big chunk, you know? So, the

Andrew Mello: They basically you need you need cube config access to to that cluster to know what's what's running on it? Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, exactly. So right, so we don't understand Yeah,…

Andrew Mello:  And across like, yeah.

Adam Bozanich: so we don't know for sure but you know, maybe we can guesstimate, I think that I think that the vast majority of them likely are just because

Andrew Mello: Well, bringing this up for the, For the Moderation group, that, that is one of the methods, I currently moderate my, the nine providers I manage. So I pull across all of them all the image tags and then sort them unique, you know, to get get the duplicates out and then just kind of scam them to make sure there's nothing that looks super weird and then if there's something that I don't recognize then I will actually, you know, potentially go into the pod to take a look and make sure that there's nothing awkward but outside of that. Yeah, that's why we need a lot more tooling because that's not enough and you can only do so much of that manually obviously.

Adam Bozanich: So if we use the awesome occur, I mean so that. So that here's the thing.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: For each of these things that we we need to have document like just talking about it, we're not going to get anymore. So we need to have actual discussions about You know actually design documents about what the proposals are, what how beneficial they are and we could start talking about how we can implement and start talking about some things like that. It'll say like super, you know, one of the things my feedback would be on a document proposing that we have interest rates. Filtering, is that There's probably a project in an awesome akash that uses NGINX image. and if you allow the nginx image, You know, anybody to host static content of Dick Pics. like,

Andrew Mello: Right. That's what I mentioned earlier with with. There's kind of layers here, right? It's a bit of an onion because you have first, You know, First Level is an image name. Well, can you even believe the name, right? You can publish something, there are different name, you…

Alani Kuye: Okay.

Andrew Mello: it's peeling the onion of layers here, but I think it's gonna end up being levels, right? You've got the like, Okay. I want to enable, you know, image level blocking with wallet, level blocking with potentially other other levels…

00:20:00

Adam Bozanich: This.

Alani Kuye: All right.

Andrew Mello: because exactly that once, you know and and then we have to look at, Do you want to enable content scanning inside of a pod, right? Because that that would deal with your injection kind of scenario. Where. Yep you've got your WordPress website set up and you start uploading, you know, dirty pictures into it or whatever.

Adam Bozanich: so, Just around this part out. There was this notion of incluster scanning Andrew that you had said that you were going to look into,…

Andrew Mello: but,

Adam Bozanich: have you had a chance to do that? Like what tooling we could use for, you know, basically like Facebook

Andrew Mello: I have not but as soon as I find something, I will be the first one to let you know about it. And I I mean that because it is rather important, um, you…

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich: We?

Andrew Mello: it is one of the the things that does keep me up at night and, and yeah, there would need to be a good notification of it. Like I it's one thing to scan the cluster, right? I found with these tools, they're all set up for that. But then you also have to enable, you know, the notifications, right? So determining like, do I want to get a text message? If it finds something at, you know, three in the morning or How do I want to deal with this? And I, some of these tools, most of them do have the ability to like, shut down the pod, right? So they should be able to kill on site.

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, yeah,…

Andrew Mello:  So, I need to become. Yep.

Adam Bozanich: that's right. What are the tools and how it integrate? And so you need that? I mean. Yeah if you want that to be a thing, it's something that we need to get rid of

Andrew Mello:  I honestly right now for me, if I could be more helpful on the static blocking, because that, that is one of the things that we also have customers asking for, right with like cherry servers. They want to enable that now. They're, they're already like, we're, we're worried, right? Like so static blocking could could get us there.

Adam Bozanich: the like, Okay, so put a document about what the proposal is.

Andrew Mello: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: And what the priorities are. And you know like you know try to assess like the level of Africa will be required and to do that and then we know we can start working but that is something that we start looking at it. I I think tenant address especially if you saying that you have wait they're doing campaigns where you know the tenants address or whatever you want to talk on discord first, whatever. Like if we get the tenant address, if it's not Galaxy and easy quick win.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: So, I just want to circle back on the Kyc stuff. Deval. You spoke with Cato and…

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: and are you guys gonna be able to use Cato for this or like do you have an idea of…

Deval Patel: so, So they say like right now the kyc is not through like there is no integration available right now from the kyocer perspective,…

Adam Bozanich: how that would work?

Deval Patel: they are working in the on that part and they say like it will be available for us to consume in Q1 2023. So they put two so we talked about two things with them.

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Deval Patel: One was offloading of, I mean people should be offload, their Akt or whatever their earnings they have in usdc or whatever the fiat currency they'd like, right. And another thing we talked about kyc and kyb process, they already have the kyc process and they say like we are working in making it. I mean, integration friendly means we should be able to consume it,…

Alani Kuye: It.

Deval Patel: right? And they said, like, it will be available in one.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, cool.

Deval Patel: It's also like I also asked him that whatever you you guys make update, like let me know. Like these are these are the things in our talk priority. So he's gonna, you know, Let us know. I talked to wins. I'm not sure you know but yeah he's a co-founder of Karo.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I think maybe we may have spoken with Cato I believe.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: And and I think after the call I'm like Oh no I want. I was wondering at that time because we were at I was wondering if we could use them for what we do test nets. We need to kyc everybody that we all the people that win. Oh, you know, that we need to send tokens to And it's a very painful process. We have really, really bad integration right now. Anyhow. So Given that they're gonna, you know, they're working on an API, that's really good. We should maybe define and start to define. how that would work with the provider, like so, the way I could see it working, like,

00:25:00

Adam Bozanich: Whereas you can see it working is like, so right now we have like there's a bit engine, right? And the bit engines of like, okay, this thing cost, as much of this, much of this much. and in fact, it's like so immature that if we want to turn off bidding, What we'll do is we'll crank up the prices to like extra astronomical. So that the bit engine noise returns something that's higher than the max price of the Of the, of the order. So, then the biggest fails,…

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: right? So, but, like, a quick way to hack it in, would be to like, put it in the script and do something like that, but You know, like so the main script could be like, Hey, go and hit the, the Cato Kyc API be like, Hey, is this tenant? Okay, where I see if not then. Essentially turn off bidding but we want something more elegant than that.

Adam Bozanich:  And and so maybe just I think that there would be, you know, for all this stuff. You know, obviously for the static blocking and things like that, there needs to be another phase, or maybe Tuesdays and the workflow for, you know, evaluating in order.

Adam Bozanich:  On the provider side, one of them could be like it should. either Plugable or, you know, scriptable

Andrew Mello: I was just going to mention on the KYC front, there is that certain infrastructure providers, right? That we're partnering with, we can think about their, their communities, and their user bases, as you know, depending on the business, and the organization. But already being KYC, right? So Cherry servers, for example, you know, came to us because they had customers that wanted Cherry on Akash and on the decentralized web. So,

Andrew Mello:  Um, their customers right? Have already provided credit cards have already kyc with them. So just thinking through this again, in terms of that, it's almost like the static blocking with the wallet addresses. Again, would be able to solve almost for them but just in a framework-wise certain businesses and partners in the future and infrastructure providers are gonna have you know client lists that they want accessing their their hardware on our network and they might already have kyc customers.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, we, they're just need to be able to, right? So they would be need to be able to know that this KYC customer. This wallet is associated with this KYC customer.

Andrew Mello: Exactly and then it can solve problems for them. Yep. Yes.

Adam Bozanich: So they're, you know, with with Cato. We could say that hey has this wallet? Gone through here with you see with you there. They would need to have a similar API.

Adam Bozanich: Or there. We need to be able to provide a way for people to be say like Essentially,…

Deval Patel: but that could be,…

Adam Bozanich: that's it. That's it.

Deval Patel: it could be

Adam Bozanich: Yes, right. Yeah.

Deval Patel: There could be options like either. They can buy list them right? Or either either, it has to be kyc. So I mean, if the white list them right, like Andrew's saying Right then it can satisfy the requirements of a cherry servers or whoever would like to know to the spice White listing thing, right? And the other providers are normal providers. Like regular providers, I would say right who are not, you know, tax heavy or They don't know how to manage those, you know, white lists and stuff like that, right? Then they can use this functionality, well they the car do provides the, you know, comfort for them that this person is kuye's, so you can allow them to, you know,

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. I'm feeling like so there's been just so there's been an idea, something that we've been wanting to do for quite a long time, which is

Adam Bozanich:  Actually have a A bid pricing service instead of having service based, right? And we really quite easy to implement on the provider side like right now there's there's a few strategies, one of them's whatever. Like One of them just is a scale as I go. You want this much CPU? Will CPU cost this much. So I'm just gonna multiply right. And then one of them is a script-based, we're executes a local script. And we really should have an API based one. So we'd like it goes out and asks that pricing Damon or pricing service what the thing should cost.

00:30:00

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich:  That, that would make things a lot more flexible. There could be like, more than one provide there's actually business opportunities there. Like, so somebody like has like a really, really advanced way of pricing things. So, like, because they're looking at the whole network or, like What have you then providers could actually configure their provider to To hit the pressing service of this other of like this like Badass pricing service, right?

Adam Bozanich: I think that that's a good would be. Similarly would be a good way to organize this filtering as well actually have it be service based. One reason is that all this functionality?

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: Feels quite. Like the interface between what the provider needs to do. For the interface for the provider is quite common, right? It's, like, Should I allow this? Let's just say this. Should I allow this order, right? And the business logic behind that can be different. It could be, you know, is they don't know. Are they on this static list or Do I need to call to the Keto API or Do I need to call? Do I need to call out to, you know, some of their proprietary thing?

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: Right? But so putting that, all that stuff in isolated service, I think would be a good way to design this.

Adam Bozanich:  and it also actually fits in with higher level, for the providers, we have this whole

Adam Bozanich:  Project that we're doing to split it all up into microservices. so, Like there is already going to be a bit engine service, like that's part of work that's happening now.

Andrew Mello: but,

Adam Bozanich: And I think having a order evaluation service would be a good way to design this thing, but but in order to do that, I think, if if we have some sense of What the APIs would be.

Alani Kuye: You.

Adam Bozanich: That would be good.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, I was the kind of waxing Filtered thoughts on this and…

Andrew Mello: It.

Adam Bozanich: think I'd like to steps. so, we have Okay, let's say API. Coming down the line that we can use and this is for anyways, being tenants.

Adam Bozanich:  Just real quick. Does that include? Carewise seeing providers. It could right like the client could potentially If this was an API they're like anybody could use a client could potentially use that to say like I'm only going to accept.

Adam Bozanich:  Bids from providers that are on this list.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich:  But I guess we're focusing on. So, you know,

Deval Patel: so I think that that part is already there with the audit functionality, like, I mean, So, I'm not sure.

Adam Bozanich: Okay.

Deval Patel: Yeah, and you can find it like I haven't put some more side light on it, right, because he does a audit function.

Andrew Mello: oh, you

Deval Patel: Thank you for The providers.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Okay.

Adam Bozanich:  Fair enough. Okay, good. So what are the next steps here?

Adam Bozanich:  We're heading into the holidays. We we have, I have a bunch of work to do to like Pulled this in to.

Adam Bozanich:  Our proper new shiny.

Alani Kuye: You.

Andrew Mello: For me, my my vote would be to define that engineering expect to update the existing provider services to have enable those static blocks on on the basics.

Adam Bozanich: The.

00:35:00

Andrew Mello: Like we define their Today.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, so Right.

Andrew Mello: Like actionable.

Adam Bozanich: So define here for explicing

Adam Bozanich: And a requirements. Yeah, periodic acrosthetic…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: but how?

Adam Bozanich:  Another configure it.

Andrew Mello:  I know there's some some old code in there with some hints, some hints of blocking but I don't think they were really ever finalized or documented. I I remember seeing it in there but I'll take a look deeper again.

Adam Bozanich: So, just getting this stuff there and document would be good.

Adam Bozanich: So static logging sure. Yeah, absolutely. And I think still this, what do we have here? What do we call it? This.

Adam Bozanich:  Right winner, that's what I call it something. And

Andrew Mello:  So we could. Yeah. Just Yeah, defining effect on that. Definitely

Adam Bozanich: I recorded something because of the moderation API I think it was Oh I see. Remember.

Adam Bozanich:  Okay, so there's it. I think one thing that we discussed a little bit ago is just like better.

Alani Kuye: You.

Adam Bozanich: Well. The program management API. And there's also here.

Deval Patel: Closely.

Adam Bozanich:  Oh yes, thank you.

Adam Bozanich:  Yes, yes. Okay. And I will leave out well. I will leave out the

Adam Bozanich: What should we call it? The mother machines.

Adam Bozanich:  So, let's say that the moderation API is this alone. Entity. That's on saying, and that's what this thing. That's

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich:  yeah, so on this maker, this official thing like we're gonna move

Adam Bozanich:  To, there's a whole, like, expected that's associated with it. Part of it is going to be like, discord that

Adam Bozanich:  and, There's like a before, for the

Adam Bozanich: For the SIG. Rights. It's like there's a page.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: It's like mission statement and

Adam Bozanich:  members. That's India, right? And then there's projects.

Adam Bozanich:  And there's working groups. What he content, moderation.

Adam Bozanich:  Which is the same thing as a statement.

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich:  so for this one, I am gonna Basically, bring in a meal. Who's been like putting all the stuff together, he should be part of this thing. Anyways, this is very productive thing that we're getting into.

Adam Bozanich:  oh, For the periodic looking. I mean somebody that can do like you know like go do decent biggest out of these in a decent.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich:  My. Moderation API product, requirement stock, or proposal of some sort, that'd be great to get it. And for the provider management API, I think this one's pretty simple. Maybe develop you get if you know how you're going to be querying, this thing like are you going to want? yeah, maybe just just

00:40:00

Deval Patel: Yeah, I'll provide some specifications on that. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, yeah. Like, you know you might want to get things a little bit differently than the client does. For instance. So yeah.

Deval Patel: Sure, I'll dig into our code and…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Deval Patel: I'll find out the proper answers for you.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, honestly, yeah, and so again just highlight a little bit of the difference between between these things like so for A client right now, it's actually it's the way that the the indexes are in the blockchain.

Alani Kuye: If?

Adam Bozanich: They're prefixed by the tenants address. Okay. And so, it's pretty easy for them to be like, Hey what are all of my Leases that are open, right? And then for each of those and they can hit the API of the appropriate provider and then you know, get the least status for that thing. For providers. We don't even need.

Adam Bozanich: To hit the, We don't even need to hit the blockchain, right? You can just go in, There's a way that you can query Kubernetes to get all the, the all the things that are running. So like it's just the way that it's used is just a little bit different. So if you can just like figure out, like don't be constrained about by the way that the client does it actually getting that information is quite easy and actually like doing this API. Doesn't need to be. It shouldn't actually be in the main provider process.

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich: It could be its own separate, tiny little, but tiny little thing. Like again, I can. I don't know if I've shared with you guys. I'll just do this real quick.

Adam Bozanich:  It's

Adam Bozanich:  But that's

Adam Bozanich: No, no.

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich:  It's called like the road to micro the path to Microservices. And we're splitting the provider up into. Microservices. And so there's a bit engine, there's a, there's a, there's this, there's that and

Adam Bozanich: Here.

Adam Bozanich:  And so what one of the things with this is like the provider is so big right now, it's this big monist monolithic thing and like, The barrier entries. So high kind of like and it's easy to squash things like especially when you get into things like timers and things like that, and it's just too much. So the idea is that

Adam Bozanich: So there's this whole background about why this has been problematic. And but so these are the different services that we're going to have.

Adam Bozanich: There's one of them of course is like there's an event bus.

Alani Kuye:  and,

Adam Bozanich: I'd like this is because it is quite of engine. So the event That we get from ten commandment right now. I really Henry liable and then we republished them internally right now into like this in memory event best but when we split things up proper events. So there's like Event Bus. There's the event faucet like for instance, the event false it, all it does is publish tenderment events into the event bus. And the thing is right now, like we're relying on.

Adam Bozanich: This this rbc that the tenderment has, but it's really really flaky. And so what you want to do is you want to actually just query for query the blockchain. When a new block gets created and basically like pull instead of instead of wait for events, there's a little fine advantage,…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: it's pretty easy to do but there should just be one service that all it does that all it doesn't query the blockchain for events and publishes them like that's the way you do microservice. It should be a transaction service and this is the only thing that needs access to the wallet. The transaction service. All it does is broadcast transactions to the BLOCKCHAIN.

00:45:00

Adam Bozanich: So that makes it such that things like the bit Engine Service, all a bit engine service needs to do it's like listen on the event bus for events that are published by the, you know I things and probably by the event boss it dude figure out whether or not it wants to bid and then tell the transaction is serious to to send a transaction. The transaction service…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: which we just talked about will deal with all the retrys and whether or not gas is correct signing and all that stuff, but it's like it's isolated, that's all it is, right? the inventory service currently is already quite broken up into a bunch of services, but it, there's, it should just be API base of like, The Bit Engine service calls out to the inventory service from things happen and things like that.

Adam Bozanich:  The manifest service is This is actually client facing and it's something that we can't stay at scalable horizontally right now because it's all about into one modernistic thing. With with the provider these are just examples, right? The big one of the big wins is like timer services like right now like you know there's a timer when you send it manifesting wait so minutes and then like if there's no I'm just I'm sorry at least gets created and in fact it's happening without the manifest being received and we shut it down and there's like all these different times, right?

Adam Bozanich: And there's the lease withdraw and like all the stuff. Well, the reality is each of these things can be that this tiny little thing, right? All it does is it looks for when at least is created and it waits you know, it sets a timer and waiting to see the manifest received event. And if that doesn't happen, then then it shuts it down, right? But it the way that these things ended up getting implemented.

Alani Kuye: It.

Adam Bozanich: It's all very coupled together, really quite nasty to understand your wrap our head around, and it's also difficult to get insights into like what goes wrong. When something goes wrong. All that stuff. So we have this whole project to like to like we basically make this like a more production like a real set of services and…

Alani Kuye: Here.

Adam Bozanich: this is really like the Kubernetes way of doing things, there's a lot of motivation for it. I'll share this with you guys. Once we get our proper and things up and running, we can talk about all the projects that are going on.

Deval Patel: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  I mentioned this now because this whole notion of like okay well now let's add some new functionality namely you know we want to start Evaluating things in a different way for whether or not we want to bid on an order like that thing should be another service, right? And and also, so there's that and also there's a like, well actually providers need to, we need to give providers better access into Being able to manage manage things like that should be. Again, an independent service. That's not wrapped up into this into like the actual yeah.

Deval Patel: So it's kind it's kind of a content moderation service or something like that if I imagine, okay.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah. Yeah, I think so. There's either like it? Yeah, I think so. Like that's that's how I kind of thought of it originally, now whether or not it plays out that way, I don't know because like the things that we want Are, you know, you want to get a list of The leases. and their status perhaps and like, maybe that's not Doesn't belong in content, moderation. That's just like management API, right? You just want to see what's going on and similarly for being able to to kill at least like That's it. That's kind of just management stuff. It's not necessarily content moderation. But that's what I kind of want to get everything on the table and we can all figure out how we should. We think we should group these things together and what they should be called

Deval Patel: okay, understood

Adam Bozanich:  So yeah, so I'll go back to this thing. So there's the make it official, which is like, yeah, New Year, new way of working.

Adam Bozanich: the static blocking, you know, let's just get something on paper so that we can talk about it, you know, like, In a way that's more productive than just like just talking about it. I think we can start to move forward on that one. Pretty quickly. And the management says, like the least status one, just put down some like query Pass, some usage patterns, you know, even if it's just a note and you like this, You know. That's, I don't know. Sharon gist of what you think. The usage best patterns would be. That would be good. Just so we have something concrete over time. I know it's the end of the year holiday season and all that. So, like, It's looking for ways that we can get something ready. So that we can kind of start on the right foot next year.

00:50:00

Andrew Mello: I just have one final note here, I think something that, you know, again, I I really learned since our, our last meetings here was, we should really be trying to prevent the the workloads and, and the wrong tenant from even getting to the provider. I, I think that it's, it's quite a rabbit hole to go down to think that we're going to be scanning workloads in real time once they're on the cluster, because then that also opens up the whole, you know, problem in ocean that we're looking at, you know, that providers are reading data of users. And that also is not, you know, that's not gonna have good. Good effects, right? We, you know, that, that's a separate issue. So for me, the impact is, is really how do we prevent the wrong user? Who's gonna do something to fair? Yes, or the wrong, you know, image or, or whatever. That we're trying to block.

Andrew Mello: And scanning them that, that turns me off as a provider.

Adam Bozanich: Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. Yes, it's definitely two different approaches.

Adam Bozanich:  You. Yeah. I mean it.

Andrew Mello: In my, in my idea there again, the bad. Yeah, the bad workload only got there because the the tenant was nefarious, right? And so kyc, and, and client customer lists, that, that's how that gets handled. I feel rather than assuming that. Yeah. So that that's my take. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, for sure, I say there's they about that, they all have their marriage. I think that kyc and somebody doesn't mean that they're not gonna host content that you don't want though, right? So, you know, they might give you

Andrew Mello: Right? But then it shifts the responsibility from the provider, then to the tenant. And so if that three-letter agency comes knocking, you can say, Oh, go talk to XYZ. You know, I didn't even know that this was deployed. Right? It's about the responsibility too. Yeah, for kyc.

Adam Bozanich:  okay, so we could have some in each of these, we should have motivation for For all of these things, right? So there's a static blocking motivation, use cases. Similarly, for the provider management thing. you know, I think that

Adam Bozanich:  You know, Deval you guys could put some put down on paper, kind of your thoughts around the value of being able to do these court, do these scanning, and we want to support all of it. I think that they all have

Deval Patel: Yeah, it's so basically like you say it's a pros and cons on both sides. Like you can't, you cannot be hundred percent sure that while doing the strict blocking, right? You, they will not be able to run malicious code. Like let's say be allow engine X to run, right? And it can be anything, right? So, that way by providing the like provided management API, right? They can, you know, if needed and it's not that we gonna scan it, right? Take it. Like we for now that responsibility is for to the providers, right? We just, we are just empowering them by providing the easy tool where they can go and you know, scan for themselves. Right? Like that's that's all for now for now, right down the line, right, we see. Okay. Like if we need to, if there is a need to do the triggers and stuff like that, then we'll do it right? But yeah. That's my take on.

Adam Bozanich: It's totally totally, makes sense. Good. So are we all good for for this meeting? And If any of that starts or things that,

Adam Bozanich:  Like to either commit to discuss, like things we should take down before we turn it off.

Adam Bozanich:  All righty. Well, I wish you all happy. Holidays.

Adam Bozanich: and, Thanks for coming today. I apologize for things being as organized as redactant to be, but it's been great to have these meetings, just to get it, you know, get a feel for for what we should do. and then next year, we'll, we'll kind of I'll get together officially as part of the SIG groups. Deval I mentioned, you guys want to be part of that. I just assumed you guys wanted to be part of the provided. It's special just me.

Deval Patel: Yes.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, yeah, okay. And yeah, we'll just chipping away.

00:55:00

Andrew Mello: I am I, I got out of this, I, I'm gonna make an attempt on getting that list of images from Awesome Akash, putting them in an API, and then having the bit engine, I don't know. If we passed the image name in an environmental variable. I don't know if we have that query again, when the big comes in. So

Adam Bozanich: So you don't have the image until the manifest ascent.

Andrew Mello: Right. So it has the, you know, the CPUs, the memory, the disk, I don't know if it passes the wallet. But yeah, I'll take a look at…

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Andrew Mello: what it passes and see if I can carry Rick from API hit against it.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, good, I think. Okay, yeah, that's great. Hey. Sounds good. Well, thank you, I'm gonna commit these things.

Deval Patel: Yeah, I'll check on our side as well, and

Adam Bozanich: I'm gonna commit these changes on this branch and like,

Adam Bozanich: hopefully, I'll have time to go through and organize some thoughts, but really the thing is I'm going to work with the Neil to get all the to get all this stuff into the Community Projects list version of this.

Adam Bozanich:  And I will get that ready for next time. So I'm going to commit, I'm going to commit these notes now and then organize them and put them in the new structure.

Adam Bozanich: Next song, have a good one.

Andrew Mello: Thank you, happy holidays.

Adam Bozanich:  Happy holidays. Okay.

Deval Patel: Thank you guys.

Scott Carruthers: You know this but

Meeting ended after 00:58:51 👋
