
# wg-content moderation 

## 2023, January 11 9:00am - 10:00am

### Meeting Details

- [Meeting Recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17Id1nPN--VmF3nUUWz0YPZfqGAUTshp_)
- [Transcript](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11eQgUFbM2d7Nh7hIkO4wmFa-3DGGAS-RzDb-gOt81VY/edit#heading=h.jl4ohs3h81zn)

### Action Items:

- @Jigar | Praetor App to work on spec for management API
- @abozanich to work on spec for moderation API - waiting on this
- @abozanich also volunteered to write up high level use cases and roadmap (that tie together the two APIs).
