

# wg-content-moderation meeting

## 2023, January 25 9:00am - 10:00am

### Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Tyler Wright
- Jigar Patel
- Andrew Mello
- Boz Menjali
- Cheng Wang
- Scott Hewitson


## Meeting Details

- [Video Recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xdRohnqbzRUttB2SrrF0hQST4Are03uK/view?usp=sharing)
- [Meeting chat](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PpnNG540wQ3y1Uiwj27WwYlXrNeXI42P/view?usp=share_link)
- [Meeting Transcription](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u1xh-rodeLAKfJL4o9az2OvIhr3VtrlrP7RHkVczbmE/edit?usp=share_link)

### Action Items

- comment on [manangement-api spec](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/12)
- comment on [high level PRD](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/13)
- @abozanich to finish moderation-api spec


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Andrew Mello: You.

Tyler Wright: Cool, terrific. All right, so obviously, this is a working group for provider content. Moderation. People can track some of the past meetings in the working group on Github. But there was two action items that were being developed for this particular meeting. Some products specs that were being worked on. I want to, I know that Jigar had worked on a spec that he had shared in the discord channel.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: And I'm going to share that in the threat in the chat right now, I think that might be a good place for us to start.

Tyler Wright: Um, Jigar, do you want to talk about your thought process? Or I know that, I know that you haven't made too many of these specs prior, but I know you put a lot of work into this, so

Andrew Mello:  You.

Jigar Patel: Yes, so basically like I was kind of like waiting for the other API spec to come up because I don't I didn't know the process, right? So, or what goes into this, right? So, and then I was waiting, and I didn't so the one. So I just wrote it myself. Basically, what I did is I just specified, like, what we need to do, maybe two grand you,â€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Jigar Patel: because I specified, what request for response should look like, but I think as I will say, it should be just a specification and then we're gonna work on it. They will specify the granular. Notes or like how the API should look like.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Jigar Patel: And that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: um, I know he That just got put in there.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: Um, do we want to talk about any initial thoughts? Adam, or Artur and Neil? Oh cool. Anil said, If you're again great,â€¦

Anil Murty: You.

Tyler Wright: we should talk about what?

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, they're putting this in there. I mean, it's awesome. That's great to see work on there. I think it makes sense, but it'll provide additional control andâ€¦

Andrew Mello: You.

Adam Bozanich: running leases on their provider. I think the

Adam Bozanich:  even the response for a particular deployment. Make sense. It's similar to the status. but now I'd say the specifying, the lease

Adam Bozanich:  We would want to. include the,

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich:  Tenant address. That's like the first specifier the tenant address in general goes. Tenant address. DC DC Goseek provider address. It's a provider need to worry about it.

Adam Bozanich: and we probably need one to enumerate all the leases or like, you know, search for leases by Tenant address, so returns an array of them. Or maybe just all ofâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: And we should probably think about paging as well. The authentication part, you know for authentication we could just say justly it's only going to be open to the internal cluster. And then we don't have to do any, any kind of like other authentication. But yeah, that's great. Start.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know Anil put something you said whether we need more interfaces,

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah. So similar to what I was saying, I think so the spec is awesome. This is, you know, pretty much how we would have documented a jigar.

Andrew Mello: You.

Anil Murty: So awesome. Work on your trading the first spec, but pretty much what Adam said. I think we might need a few more interfaces or APIs. To complete this spec. And I think last time we talked about some of these, it's going to go find the notes if I can from last name was a note.

Adam Bozanich: Think that? Tyler was taking notes last time.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'm gonna link.

Andrew Mello: You.

00:05:00

Jigar Patel: Yeah. So basically as Anil said, right and Adam also mentioned that what I'm going to do, I'm gonna add a few more Like spec for Apis, basically, get all the leeches from that from their own.

Jigar Patel: That. So that would be a is also needed right to finish this back,â€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Jigar Patel: right? Get all the leases from the same quarter from their own quarter, right? So that's the one we gonna introduce page pagination, just another one. Also, we're gonna do by Planet address. So once we Get all the leases. It should include tenant addresses, on in that part of it as well. So, I have like, few things that I'm gonna add, but again, like an led,â€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Jigar Patel: You have something more. I'll I'll be happy to add that.

Adam Bozanich: No, I think it. Yeah, that looks great. I think I wonder if.

Adam Bozanich:  The actual. Okay, so we have, you know, The original kind of idea for this was like, Hey, just give the providers access to the least status API, right?

Adam Bozanich: And I don't recall, I don't remember if the least status API in each lease,â€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: it comes back with an ID object. I just don't remember if that's the case or not. But either way, it's going to the response for a single lease is going to look a lot like the response for the the status API and the the thing with with that is that that's something that we want to put into.

Adam Bozanich: Proto, we want to make a proto definition of it so it's not just like some hand rolled interpretation of the packet of Jason.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: So this would be a good one. Perhaps to make a proto definition of the responses. So that, you know, first of all we just start from doing it the right way from that, it get go. And also, perhaps, we can use the same objects. In the least status API response. As far as like the the idea of the least actually includes all these values. So it includes the idea of the lease is like you said that the tenant address deployment sequence,

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: The group sequence. Owner sequence, and then tenet address. So it if we could either like list out each of those fields or just included in an ID object, which then which is what we do for the, the proto buffs that we do have with the Blockchain stuff. So could be that it could reuse that the sort of those objects as well. Then I could put this into comments andâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: then Github thing.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that would be great. Throw that in the comments for the PR from Jigar.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. It's a good start. That's awesome. and, so, the idea with this is that we get one to get all the whatever we're PRD is done for the for this thing when we shut this thing down and it gets sent over to The providers, see it as a project for implementation.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: I know that kind of rotation was mentioned here, okay?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. All right. Yeah, I think we determined out of the Out of the SIG providers that will come up with the PR, the prds of out of this working group. And then I think whether it be,â€¦

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Adam, you Anil, or Artur other members determine like. All right, what sigs does? This touch if it's just one or if it's multiple, and then we'll designate the work that way?

Adam Bozanich: Okay, cool.

Andrew Mello: You.

Tyler Wright: All right. Besides again the feedback that we just shared about the PRD, the Jigarh did is there any other question Jigar that you have or any other anything Andrew Melo that that you can see of that you want to comment about regarding the PRD?

Tyler Wright:  No problem. If not, I just want to get a everybody's thoughts and opinions as we continue to take next steps.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, basically. Yeah.

Andrew Mello: I'm Okay, I just on my end, I am on the phone right now, so I can't see the document. If there is one up in front, but, you know, my, my side was always looking for the static blocking as we had talked about on some of the previous calls, allowing you to block a wallet address or an image. You know, some of those static blocks and just making sure that those get in there as well.

00:10:00

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, that's the other API.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Adam Bozanich: This is a management API.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Yeah. That's the moderation. Yeah. Um, The guy outside. Did you have something?

Jigar Patel: Uh, yeah, basically like I was saying, Right. Please come do comment on that PRâ€¦

Andrew Mello: You.

Jigar Patel: because I'm also learning the process, right? Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah.

Jigar Patel: Like I think we will find tune more bit when we have like one or two trd's finished,

Adam Bozanich: oh, 100%. Yeah, no. I mean the goal here is really also to get everywhere. That's a hot to speed on the process and also that's all up to speed up. The stuff that kind of the architecture of the software too. So, like Youâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: it's like onboarding developers. There's a lot to kind of things we can point to and stuff like that. Definitely will be commenting in the PR. I'm sorry, I didn't see until Tyler pointed. It out to me this morning, that this po is that I'm exciting. You get to it earlier.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think Anil brought up another good point. Obviously, this working group is very much a alpha working group and I think it's come a long way and you know, we're getting to a point where you have the prds that were commenting on andâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: I think we're gonna close this and actually get somewhere work done. So I'm very excited about that. But this is very much, a learning process for all of us and we're very much about like fine-tuning and evolving this. So that it's like optimized for, you know, the community for Overclock and we can continue to develop, you know, faster than we have in the past.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um, I know that the Moderation API is the other action item. I know that Adam has been bogged down with a number of other items andâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: so I'm that may not be done today, but that's something that we are going to like continue to work async and throw in Github. And I will make a comment when it's a. I'll make, I'll share something in discord when it is available. So that folks from this working group can make comments and just like we're doing about the management API that you are PR need

Tyler Wright:  That makes sense.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I'll start a little try to get to it soon.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, cool. um, Other than that again we we've had a number of like the way this working group has time to come together. We we knew there was an issue around provider content, moderation, it's something. We've been talking about. For some time we got some stakeholders involved and had some general conversations about what the problems were you know from and then we thought about some potential solutions. You know we had came up with a depth of solutions and then we started to prioritize the solutions into lowest hanging throughâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: what can be done now. What you know, maybe what we can think about doing later. From there. Then we got to this point where we actually are developing PR days and commenting um about some of those low-hanging fruit solutions. So again about a month, maybe a month and a half, you know, meeting bi-weekly. We've gone through that process, where we thought like real big and then really got real focus on how we're going to initially. Solve this issue around content moderation. So that's kindâ€¦

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: how this working group has come. Come to be and how it's evolved over time. I think we'll determine over the next couple of weeks, how many more sessions we really need before? We can close this and start implementing some of the work that's been done by this working group across some of the CIGS. But yeah that's the basically historical rundown of this working group. Does anyone else any other comments or topics? They want to talk about? You know, I want to obviously give us the entire time if we want to have discussion.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: But this working group, we don't not, we do not need to take a full hour, if there's nothing else to talk about being at the face that we are right now,

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I don't think it's just reason to keep everybody here. If I think that's pretty, it's pretty clear to me that we need to work on. At least, I need to work on some of these things. I think it's pretty clear from last time. Things ready to do? This isn't no new. The thing new to talk about, I say we call it for the day.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I am again. I have some notes from last minute.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: I took a notion one thing I'm trying to get better at is because I'm handling a couple things at the same time is I'm probably gonna have to start. And again, if anybody else whether it be in this working group or any other special links into groups also wants to support, you know, just about like watching the recordings after I get them and just like retaking some notes. At that point, I'm trying to take some themes. But again, handling a number of things across our organization. So, I'll make sure that the notes from the meeting on 111, are updated, and then I'll make sure that again by Friday of this week that the notes from this meeting are updated should be very quick.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: You know, action. Items are really for the management API. Please leave comments for jigar. So we can continue to update that PRD and then Adam Boss initial will continue working on the moderation API and one that's ready. Goho. Put on Github and we'll make comments about that. Those are the action items? I see. Anyone have any other action items that are pressing as we go into async?

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Well again I really appreciate the time. Thank you for those that came to seek providers. We will talk a sync jigar, Do you have ability to now speak in the working group? Can you just check that before you head to bed? I know it's late but where you are?

Jigar Patel: Oh no. It's it's morning. I'm talking naturally.

Tyler Wright: Okay. It does work.

Tyler Wright: Okay. All right.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Tyler Wright: Well again I appreciate the time on this working group please. If you have any questions, comments, thoughts, If you need access to any information, Andrew ping me or pink Scott to get access to me. If you need to get access to the calendar, lists the working groups or any of that on discord. We'll reach up. Okay? Yeah, Eastern Canada. I don't know where it was. Okay. Perfect. Um, all right. Well again, thank you all for the time today. We'll talk on discord on Github.

Andrew Mello:  You.

Adam Bozanich: Okay, thanks.

Tyler Wright: If? Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Alright, regard to Jagger hand raise

Jigar Patel: Hold on. Sorry. Yeah, it's working. I was the same. Yeah, it's good.

Tyler Wright: Oh, perfect. Yeah, I saw in the chat. Okay. Cool. And you're in eastern Canada. What part of eastern Canada?

Jigar Patel: Iâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, you

Jigar Patel: Turn up.

Tyler Wright:  Oh excellent. Excellent. All right. What's in the? Um all right. Well again thank you everybody have a great day. There is a six support meeting this afternoon if anybody wants to join.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right.

Adam Bozanich:  Cool. Thanks for, but

Artur Troian: Cool. Thanks everyone.

Andrew Mello: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: Right. Thanks guys.

Meeting ended after 00:29:37 ðŸ‘‹
