# Akash Network - Akash Website Working Group (WG) - February 20th

## Agenda
* Discuss recent website updates and closed/ongoing issues
* Review improvements to community calendar visibility
* Provider page updates and required link adjustments
* Brand and press page enhancements including brand guideline downloads
* Button hover-state unification for primary and secondary buttons
* Homepage testimonial update and provider-focused content planning
* Open discussion on GitHub actions, community repository integration, and security rules
* Determine plan for next week‚Äôs meeting
* Announcement of upcoming bounties

## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, February 20, 2025
- Time: 6:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants
* Denis Lelic 
* Tyler Wright 
* boldpanther 
* Forbes analos
* Hiroyuki‚Äôs 
* Denis Lelic‚Äôs 


## Meeting Notes

#### Opening and Context

* Denis welcomed everyone and noted the meeting is part of the weekly website working group sessions where all website-related issues are reviewed.
* Mentioned updates to the Akash Network Website GitHub repository and recent issue progress.

#### Update: Community Calendar Visibility

* Previous feedback indicated the community calendar button was not prominent and users struggled to find it.
* Clearing the developer menu (removing the old roadmap link that pointed to GitHub) freed space for improvements.
* The new community calendar link now appears in the **secondary navigation** and persists across all developer pages.
* Clicking the link provides a full overview of all upcoming meetings.

#### Provider Page Updates

* A revised **Akash Network Providers** page is being deployed; accessible from the homepage via **Become a Provider**.
* The previous ‚ÄúPraetor‚Äù app reference will be removed.
* New content and links‚Äîespecially the **Provider Console**‚Äîare included.
* Documentation for this change was merged the previous night, but a small bug had temporarily blocked the merge.
* boldpanther confirmed the bug is fixed and page readiness is complete.
* Denis and Tyler emphasized the urgency, noting the product team expects the update to go live within the hour.

#### Brand and Press Page ‚Äì New Tile for Brand Guidelines

* The footer‚Äôs **Brand and Press** page allows users to download official Akash brand assets.
* Denis explained the need for a new tile dedicated to **Brand Guidelines**, referencing the network‚Äôs slight rebrand months earlier (new display font plus Inter as primary typeface).
* Task involves duplicating an existing tile, inserting new description text, and adding a download button for the brand identity manual.
* Piyush was identified as the likely contributor for implementation.

#### Button Hover State Standardization

* Current primary and secondary buttons use inconsistent hover states.
* Denis proposed unifying hover behavior to maintain User Interface consistency across the site.
* Issue logged and prioritized for refinement.

#### Homepage Testimonial Updates

* The testimonial section on the homepage has not been updated for a long time.
* Denis invited contributors to browse X/Twitter for impactful posts and submit suggestions via issue comments.
* Goal is to refresh community sentiment and highlight active engagement.

#### Adding Provider-Focused Content to the Homepage

* Denis proposed a new homepage section that highlights Akash providers more visibly.
* Ideas include:
    * Featuring selected providers with short profiles.
    * Presenting network-wide metrics (Graphics Processing Unit capacity, memory totals, etc.).
    * Linking to deeper statistics for power users.
* Current homepage only provides a **Become a Provider** button; new section aims to show provider impact more clearly.
* Early-stage draft exists and will be iterated on.

#### Open Discussion: GitHub Actions and Community Repository Integration

* boldpanther provided updates on issue five zero one concerning GitHub actions for the Aep repository and the community repository.
* Aep repository automation is live but undergoing additional changes requested by the core team.
* Community repository integration requires modifying the **front matter** of all group markdown files to support automatic population on the website.
* Additional required fields will be added to the markdown files; pull request coming soon.
* Automatic merge requests were discussed; current security rule sets prevent auto-merging from external repositories.
* Conversations with Arthur are ongoing to find safe solutions that maintain required security protections.

#### Meeting Scheduling for Next Week

* Denis will be out of office.
* Tyler proposed skipping the synchronous meeting and operating asynchronously.
* boldpanther supported async execution, with synchronous escalation only if urgent issues arise.
* **Decision:** Next week‚Äôs meeting is cancelled; work continues asynchronously.

#### Bounties Announcement (Tyler)

* Tyler announced upcoming community bounties that may extend beyond website tasks and include work involving React and Tailwind Cascading Style Sheets.
* Meant to support contributors slowed down previously by copy-related dependencies.
* Website working group members will be notified about new bounty opportunities and ways to participate.

#### Closing

* Denis thanked participants and confirmed the next live meeting will be in two weeks.
* Meeting adjourned after approximately sixteen minutes.

## Action Items

* **For boldpanther**
    * Publish provider page updates and adjust all related links to ensure they go live today.
    * Implement changes to community repository markdown front matter and submit pull request.
    * Continue coordinating with Arthur regarding GitHub action security rules and merging restrictions.
* **For Denis Lelic**
    * Finalize and close issues related to community calendar visibility and provider page rollout.
    * Provide clarifications where needed on brand guideline tile implementation.
* **For Community Contributors**
    * Submit updated testimonials from X/Twitter to the homepage testimonial issue.
    * Provide suggestions for the new provider-visibility homepage section.
* **For Tyler Wright**
    * Announce and coordinate upcoming bounty opportunities to working group contributors.
    * Oversee async progress next week in Denis‚Äôs absence.


## **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's working group meeting for Akash website. For those of you I see everyone here already joined previously. So for those that might be listening to a recording of this session working group meetings happen every week where we discuss everything website related.  So, as usually, I'm just going to head to the Aash network website repo. And we have a couple of issues that were closed recently. Not closed, but we do have updates. so yes, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: No. My apologies. I just want to make sure I recording, but it was blocked out by some plugin that I had. So, keep on going.

Denis Lelic: Okay. yeah.

Denis Lelic: One of the issues that we mentioned a couple of times was the community calendar button was not prominent enough. users couldn't find the button. So it was hard to access. And now that we cleared the developer menu a little bit because previously we had one item that was leading to product and strategy road map on GitHub. And now we do actually have a road map as a part of the website now and it was a bit misleading to have two items called road map and the other one is gone.

Denis Lelic: so now we have more space to include the community calendar in a more prominent space and a bit more dedicated space. It's right up there in the secondary nav. so if you go through the development page through all of these the community calendar is always going to be there and if you click on it you have an overview of all the meetings that are happening.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, that's a new addition. And there were a couple of new I think this one we're closing today. P probably aka Bpenter has an update on this. So Akash network providers is getting an update.

Tyler Wright: You might be showing a different tab.

boldpanther: Hey, here.

Denis Lelic: So there's already a staging link that's sorry yeah so this one Aash network providers and basically get it the way you get there is from the homepage you just click become a provider and this page is going to have new content and new links etc

Denis Lelic: and the praor app is not going to be there anymore. but what we're including is the provider console. So as I said P probably has more information about this issue. I know the docs were merged last night and there was just a little bug that happened that prevented that merge and B panther if you have an update on that would be great.

boldpanther: I think I already fixed it and that's all like sure I think it's ready.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: So now we just have to make sure this page is live as well.

boldpanther: I'll just change the links as dos are norm and then it should live today.

Denis Lelic: That's Perfect. Thank you. Okay, so this is issue that's basically done. hopefully we're going to close it today. yeah, tight.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I was just for Bold Panther. I know this is something that the product team is wanting to launch and has already made announcements about. It'd be great if we could get this page launched as soon as possible. ideally in the next hour or so and then leave messages up to date if possible.  Just wanted to share that.

boldpanther: Yeah,

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'll second that.

Denis Lelic: So next thing is a new child for brand guidelines. So this is page brand and press. You can access that through footer. And basically here users or customers whoever can download all the AOS network branding assets. And the issue that this one is talking about adding additional tile where we talk about brand guidelines and how to download it and so on.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: and so probably a couple of months ago there was a slight rebrand of Akash network where we added this font which is used sometimes in social media but mostly here on the homepage if we're talking about the website and that font and the other one which is called enter is also included in the brand identity manual.

Denis Lelic: And yeah Pier if you think you can handle this issue would be great. so basically what we have to do is just duplicate where is this Add one more child. It's basically going to be the same. And add a button to download the brand guideline. Yeah, that's it.  Okay, the next issue is talking about different hover states for primary buttons are these fully red buttons and the secondary are with these outline red and faded red inside.

Denis Lelic: And what the bug is here is we have different hover states for these two buttons. So I'm just suggesting here to unify them and to unify the buttons and to unify the hover state. yeah, another issue that was created and this one is talking about testimonial section on the homepage. it's been a while since we updated that. So I just created an issues.

Denis Lelic: So if anyone is interested to browse through Twitter to find some relevant tweets or X posts please share them here in the comment section. and I think we talked about this thing in our last meeting. and the idea behind this is to include something about providers in the homepage. currently we're not mentioning or talking about providers in a prominent way. what do we have? We have this button here to become a provider and that's it. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: So ideally we could develop some broader section where we talk about providers a little bit in details. We can highlight like individual providers what their capacity or where they're based at. but we could also add something about the network capacity in overall manner how many GPUs in total is there on a network and how many terabytes of memory and so on and so on and of course a link to a stats if anyone is interested to dig deeper in all these numbers.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, this is basically just first draft to keep this in the pipeline and hopefully we're going to iterate it and do something better with it. let me see. Yeah, that's about it. so these were the newly created issues. but if you guys have any new ideas, anything you want to discuss, as usual, I would like to keep the second part of the meeting for open discussions and feel free to chime in.


### 00:10:00

boldpanther: So I have one questions related to the issue number 501. So it's the GitHub actions that we're implementing for the AE repo and the community repo. So I think the GitHub action for the AP repo already live. there are some changes requested by the four team. So I'm communicating with Arthur to get that implemented.  On the second hand we have the community repo integration. So there is one thing that we have to do is in the community repo the front matter of all the groups is not something that can be implemented directly onto the site.

boldpanther: So to do that we have to basically revamp not actually add some fields with the front matter of the community rapper. So I'll be doing the PR to the community repo very soon. So it's just that I'm saying there is going to be some changes to the community repo in order to pop up with this issue.  So yeah, that's all.

Tyler Wright: All right. Bold Panther, two things for the issue that you mentioned around the APE road map, is there an issue on It lives right here. I'm looking at it right now. So, Tyler, shut up. all right. So, for the second issue that you just described around the community repo, I know it's in response to that, making sure that the SIGs and‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: working groups are up to date. What is‚Ä¶

boldpanther: Mhm. Not actions.

Tyler Wright: what are the changes that you have to make? Is it just actions or Okay.

boldpanther: 

boldpanther: Not just actions. there is going to be a change to the read markdown files of all the groups. So if you go to the markdown files at the top you mention the names right in the markdown file. So there's going to be some fields that will be added.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

boldpanther: So yeah that's all.

boldpanther: And in terms of a I saw the team is asking for the automatic merge but for the security reasons we have some rule sets which prevents to directly merge the PR automatically from the other records. So I'm in communication with our rule to see how can we do that. so I'll keep everyone updated on that factor. Thanks. Mhm.

Denis Lelic: Right. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I like the security thing.

Tyler Wright: If I think there talk about something that it'll automatically make a PR that you can merge, I think that's fair enough. And then if there's anything that's pressing, we can make sure that PR gets merged. but I think that that makes a lot of sense,‚Ä¶

boldpanther: Check.

Tyler Wright: but we can follow up.

Denis Lelic: But thanks be for the updates and thanks Tai for bringing this question. let me see just a quick scroll through the website in case there's a new button speak to an expert on certain pages but we already covered that in our previous session. So yeah, if you don't have anything else guys you want to discuss we can wrap it up for today and we'll meet again next week I'll be out of office. So feel free to meet if you have anything to discuss. I'll keep an eye on different channels either Slack or‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Would you rather just do it async next week?

Denis Lelic: either Discord and many other channels we currently have.

Denis Lelic: So if you need anything, let me know.

Tyler Wright: I know that everyone here is busy. Bold Panther, what do you think? We can just meet async and just make sure anything that's been talked about today is done or we can just meet and I can lead the meeting with B Panther, do you have any opin opinions about meeting next week or just doing it async?

boldpanther: I think we can do the async u on the factors and‚Ä¶

boldpanther: the issues that we discussed today. If anything urgent comes up then I'll let you know to go submit.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: So, I'll cancel the meeting for next week and then we can just work async. for anybody else that's listening into the call, I just want to make a shout out that there is a group, we talked about this in Akash Insiders. There's a member of the community that's going to be helping out with bounties.  I know that there have been a number of bounties that have come out of the website working group and now some of the issues have been around copy and some other things that have kind of slowed down the process. I know there's a number of contributors here that thrive off of bounty work. So there's going to be some additional bounties that might be website related or outside of the website that might involve React or Tailwind CSS.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I will make sure that folks here on this call or folks that normally reach out to myself and others are aware of those bounties can sign up and participate. So again, this will be around some of the SIG and working groups but again there will be some additional bounties that people can take that will not be dependent upon copy.

Tyler Wright: So I just want to say that on the record here. and then we'll follow up with any items or announcements to anybody that wants to get more involved with AOS but maybe again is slowed down or blocked by copy in some of these things. they can do some supplemental work that'll also have impact on the Kosh community.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good. Thanks, Okay, so thanks everyone for joining today. we'll see each other in two weeks. Have a good day. Bye-bye.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Bye-bye.

boldpanther: West.


### Meeting ended after 00:16:34 üëã

