# Akash Network - 2025 Events Working Group (wg) - Meeting #5


## Agenda
- Final updates on Akash Accelerate 2025
- Participation in Permissionless and surrounding NYC events
- Preview of ICML in Vancouver
- Proposal for DeAI Hub space in Austin
- Recap of NOUS hackathon in San Francisco

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, May 28th, 2025
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Amanda Keay  
- Tyler Wright  
- Rene Claude  
- Rob  


## Meeting Notes

### Akash Accelerate 2025
- Akash Accelerate is scheduled for June 23 in Williamsburg, NYC
- Full day event from 9:30 AM to 6:30 PM with a social mixer and DJ set from John Black, resident DJ for the NY Jets
- All speakers and vendors are finalized, merchandise has been ordered
- Run of show will be published online soon
- Rooftop venue with retractable ceiling is secured, promising both indoor and outdoor space
- Livestream and production plans are in place

### Participation in Permissionless
- Akash will participate in Permissionless NYC (June 24–26)
- Greg will give a keynote, with potential for additional panel participation
- No booth this year; the event is emphasizing content over booths
- Industry City will host the event with thematic rooms for sponsors
- Akash will focus on networking and content sessions

### ICML Vancouver
- Scheduled for July 14–17
- Akash is a major sponsor with a 10x20 island booth and a custom design, including sky banners
- A side event will be hosted in partnership with Gensyn (not Nvidia’s Jensen)
- ICML is machine learning focused, with high academic and developer attendance
- Greg will deliver a keynote during the conference

### DeAI Hub Proposal (Austin, TX)
- Tyler introduced a proposal for a physical decentralized AI and infra hub in Austin
- The space is active, already hosting meetups, hackathons, and dev activity
- Community members would be able to use the space for coworking or events
- Proposal aims to support developer adoption and reduce friction in event planning
- If approved, the space can host Akash-sponsored activities and grow its local network
- Rene suggested leveraging influencers and hosting themed events to grow outreach
- Amanda noted the space is excellent and sees strong potential for community integration

### NOUS Hackathon Recap
- Akash sponsored and participated in the NOUS hackathon in San Francisco
- Originally budgeted for NYC Tech Week, the funds were reallocated due to better alignment with AI-focused developers
- Over 350 developers attended (expected 100), with Akash branding present throughout
- Team distributed credits and connected with participants
- Twitter recap was published by the Akash main account

### Final Notes and Reminders
- Amanda encouraged sharing event ideas or opportunities via Discord or private messages
- Akash may still host the next working group call during Accelerate week depending on logistics
- Tyler reminded participants about the upcoming steering committee meeting

## Action Items
- Amanda to publish the Accelerate run of show
- Community members encouraged to apply to attend Accelerate and share upcoming event opportunities
- Tyler to monitor feedback on the DeAI Hub proposal and collect suggestions for use of the space
- Amanda to stay engaged with the Austin event ecosystem for potential use of the hub
- All attendees to follow updates on Accelerate and related June events


## Transcript
Amanda: You all right. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the working group events. Call for May I know we are a week later than usual. Last week I had some very last minute meetings for production, for accelerate. So sadly, was not able to do this call last week, but happy to get it rescheduled for this week. I let's see. We got six people here, including myself, so it's a little bit bigger than last time, which is good, excited to dive into mostly talking about Akash accelerate for this working group session, as it's the most top of mind and permissionless. So we are just under a month out to go for Akash accelerate, which is exciting. It's happening in Williamsburg on June 23 it's going to be a full day we have all finalized, right now

Amanda: 1:05  

I'll let one more person in, all right? Rob wants to join awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:13  

Welcome, welcome.

Unknown Speaker  1:21  

Hey, Rob,

 1:23  

Amanda: I was just going into talking about Akash accelerate. We are just under one month to go. June 23 is the date. We have all of the speakers finalized. All of the vendors are secured. We have all of the merchandise has been ordered, and they're getting delivered slowly, so we're in a really good position going to be finalizing the run of show and getting that out on our website in the next day or so. So definitely keep a lookout for that. I'm sure we'll be sharing on socials. Myself and Zach, our head of marketing, has been working closely to talk about all the different speakers and guest keynotes that are going to be happening. So we've been rolling those out as well. And yeah, looking forward to a really fun day. We're going to be starting the day at 930 in the morning, opening registration, and then pretty much at 10 o'clock, things are going to be kicking off and going all the way till 630 that night, we have a special DJ who actually is the in house DJ for the New York Jets that's coming. And he's such a vibe. His name is DJ John black. So super excited to have him, like, kind of DJing our final happy hour. Hopefully the weather is great because we can open up the the roof, as it's a retractable roof. So really looking forward to that, and seeing some of you who are going to be coming and helping out for that day. So that kind of wraps up most of my update for accelerate. And then Akash is actually participating in permissionless as well, which is just the three days after Akash accelerates. So it's going to be June, 24 25th and 26th so we are sponsoring that that does come with a keynote. So Greg is going to be doing a talk. We're potentially working on getting another panel as well, just waiting to hear details on that, and no booth this year. The way that permissionless was kind of reworking some things. It's going to be down in Industry City, in Brooklyn. So I'm not sure if many of you are familiar with that space, but it's a little bit bigger spread out. They're going to be having kind of rooms dedicated to sponsors, some of the larger sponsors, and then they really wanted to focus people and to move and come into the content area, so less so on the booths. So we're not doing that and just networking and doing some of the side events and participating in the panels, and, of course, Greg's keynote for that. So really looking forward to that as well. It's a good time to be in New York and excited that permissionless is moving to Brooklyn, at least for this year and the rest of the week. Actually, there are a bunch of one day summits. I think she fi Summit is doing something that week. Injective is doing an event. So I have a feeling that New York is going to be very busy that week in June. So does anyone have any questions about accelerate or permissionless right now? No, okay, I'll move on to July. And I'll probably stop at July, because that kind of wraps up quarter two and we're going to be going to ICML in Vancouver July 15 or 14th through the 17th. Akash is one of the bigger sponsors, which comes with an island 10 by 20 booth. So I'm working closely with a. Custom build company. We're going to be doing sky things, again, similar to what we did in EthDenver. So it's going to, we're going to have a drop down big banner and a bunch of a bunch of bigger, much bigger presence than what we did last year, which was just like a back wall booth. So excited to do that. This conference is very similar to IC LR and neurips that we participated in last December. So it's a lot of academics, a lot of students, and it's very machine learning focused. So excited to have Akash represented there in a big way. We're also working, I'm working with we're going to be doing a side event with Jensen. I'm sure many of you are familiar with that company. We're going to be doing a side event just one day after the main conference starts. So working together with them to do some promoting and a side event while we're in that conference as well, but exciting, because Greg will get in front. How do you spell the name Jensen or ICML? So Jensen? Okay, so not Jensen from Nvidia, the company. Jensen is G, E, N, S, Y, N and they're a reasoning protocol. We've, we've partnered with them, and have done a lot of different events with their team. So excited to partner with them on this event, and it'll, I think it'll be really, really good night. And with our sponsorship, Greg is also going to be having a keynote at that conference as well. And that's it's a very built out to conference centers, so a lot of publicity, and it's a very well attended conference. So excited to get that marketing push from ICML. I don't think we have anything else to kind of wrap up the middle of the summer, so I'll stop there. I know Tyler had an agenda item in regards to a gov prop that is going up soon, and I will let him take that away.

Unknown Speaker  7:21  

Perfect. Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright   7:24  

Yeah, I put up a discussion for a on behalf of overclock labs for a DeAI HUb space we talked about in SIG community. But the idea is a physical space that is focused on decentralized AI and decentralized infrastructure in Austin, Texas, this space is already whole, held a number of events like networking events, hackathons, pitch competitions. And the idea is that any a passion, signer, Vanguard, a posh token holder of a certain like a degree, have access to a physical space that they can use, and the overclock labs can also help to also use for, you know, Akash related events. So, you know, we're looking to connect with more devs in real life and have them start to deploy and use the Akash network. And so really, again, we talked about some SIG community, but I wanted to bring it up here, because it touches events, really. The idea is that there will be a physical space that Amanda and other members of the community are able to use if they want to host events of a small size as a larger size in and around the US. You know, Texas being a central place. This could be a physical space that anybody again, I mean, Akash community can use. So the discussion is live. I want to see if there's any questions about the discussion that anyone has any thoughts, feel free to drop them in the comments in the discussion, or just feel free to ask me. But yeah, just just wanted to bring it up during the working group for the events, because I know Amanda has been there. I think it's used the space previously. But really the goal is to, I think Akash has no physical space that we have access to right now at the community. You know, when we I know, through the Akash community, there's a ring masters program, and the ring masters have to try to find their own space. And obviously, there's usually a cost that is incurred there. It's not something consistent. So in around the United States, you know, with Texas being like a real epicenter for kind of AI development and computer science, especially around the University of Texas at Austin, the goal is to really, again, leverage this community, leverage the number of people, relationships that are already there to try to really again, get more people to deploy on Akash. So I just want to see if there's any questions, thoughts, comments, concerns that I can answer live on behalf of overclock labs, or feel free to again, drop it in the chat as well. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:05  

I Yeah, go for it.

Unknown Speaker  10:09  

Is it? Renee,

Unknown Speaker  10:13  

yeah, it is. Hey, how are you? Hey, good.

Rene Claude  10:16  

Yeah, I'm one of the dev contributors on some of the open source projects. So really, like the idea of the event space? Would that be more of a co working space style, or only special events? Do you think

Tyler Wright  10:29  

it would be all of the above? So the goal of the space would be, some people could work there on a daily basis, if they wanted to. They could hold meetings there during the day. And then it could also be an event space that could be used like, throughout the day, into the evening. So, yeah, it could. It could just be an open space. And the idea is, really, you know, not a lot overclock Labs has been footing the bill for about six months to try to build out the space and try to see if the proof of concept kind of works. You know, there's already been, again, a number of hackathons that have happened there. There's, like, some developers that are like, kind of using it as a co working space, and now they're getting Akash credits and deploying like, kind of inference and training work AI workloads on Akash. So the goal is that it would do all that kind of stuff. And again, I would love if the prop passes to use the working group for the events in SIG community to like, suggest new events. You know, if folks can get to that area and want to like, post things during the day, or just use the space,

Unknown Speaker  11:30  

ideas are open.

Rene Claude   11:33  

Yeah, sounds like a cool idea, for sure. If the goal also is like dev adoption into a cost related products. We could also look at, you know, different influencers we can reach out to and kind of host events there. That could be an attractive idea there.

Tyler Wright   11:48  

I think that's a great idea. And I think that's been a problem we've had historically, is when we had those opportunities kind of present themselves, you know, there's been no place for us to formally go, you know, we now we're just having to and spend space now. We have to do all this other logistical stuff, as opposed to, we have a space that's already branded, that our people already know about, and can get to where we can start to bring people together. And that's really one of the goals of the hub, is to have a physical space to bring people together. So that's, you know, oftentimes people are just working behind their computers. If we can bring them together, even for an evening, to get them out of their house and like, hey, you know, here's another way you can deploy, I think it'll go a long way. So I love those ideas.

Unknown Speaker  12:35  

Thank you.

Amanda Keay  12:37  

Yeah, thanks, Ty. It's, it is a really great space and the location, and it's really awesome. I would love to do more events there, and just even get tapped into more of the local Austin community. I know there are some pretty big communities there that do events all around at different locations. So like, maybe even getting tapped in with them to like, now that we have a space like, they can come and do their events in our space, and we can host hackathons like, I really think that's going to be a great a great use case for it. If it passes,

Amanda Keay   13:13  

I know we can keep just meeting a little shorter than normal. I just wanted to mostly go over what's going on in the next month and a half for Akash? I'm sure I can do a little bit of a recap. A week and a half ago, we went to the noose hackathon that was out in SF. Couple people from our company were there. We sponsored it and gave credits out to developers. Those were just announced, the winners for those for that hackathon. So that was really cool to see. I know Akash did a big Twitter thread on that yesterday from the main account, originally in the events, Gov prop, I had allotted some money for New York Tech Week. The reason we decided to go towards the news hackathon instead, it was the same amount of money, so that was pretty much the same. We just felt that this opportunity to be connected with noose and a lot of the AI developers out in SF would be a better use of the funds, as opposed to coming to New York Tech Week, which we found was a little bit more enterprise focused, which was great. I feel it was a good call, at least for the company. We were able to get our branding in front of over 350 different developers that showed up that day. Originally, we thought it was only gonna be 100 but 350 so that was really great, and we had a really good time there. Not me, but our team. I got the report back, so it went really well, and happy to get connected with all those developers, too. So if you have any other ins or opportunities that you think a cost should be present at, please don't hesitate to reach out to me privately or in the discord channel. And the insiders or ring masters or whatever channel you're part of, but if anyone has any questions, I will do my best to answer them.

Amanda Keay   15:17  

No, then we can. I can stop recording, and hopefully see you guys all next month. Actually, next month, we might be in New York, but I still might do the meeting. Just depends. Excited for accelerate coming up

Tyler Wright 15:34  

steering committee tomorrow. Just for those that have forgotten, that's another event. You know. Yeah, adjacent, I was just making sure anyway, Thank you Amanda.

Tyler 15:44  

Appreciate it. Thank You guys. You

Amanda  15:47  


