
# Akash Network - 2025 Events Working Group (wg) - Meeting #9


## Agenda

* Recap of Token 2049 and highlights from the event
* Overview of upcoming events: PyTorch Summit, AI Texas Hackathon, SmartCon, and NeurIPS
* Discussion on community-driven participation and grassroots events
* Developer engagement and support planning during hackathons
* Open floor for updates and Q&A


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 14, 2025
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording: 
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Amanda Keay
- Greg Osuri
- Adam Wozney
- Julius Haus
- Demir Simpovic
- George Pro
- Rodri R
- Dennis

---

## Meeting Notes

* Amanda opened the meeting, noting the schedule change due to the marketing and growth offsite in Austin. She welcomed the larger turnout and shared personal updates before diving into event discussions.

* Token 2049 Recap

  * Seven Akash team members attended, with Greg giving a major talk and Adam moderating several panels.
  * The Akash booth featured a custom 20x20 design inspired by Marina Bay Sands, created by Dennis, which received strong praise.
  * Akash co-hosted a side event with Jensen AI and the Solana Foundation, attended by around 200 founders and executives.
  * Amanda highlighted that the event drove valuable conversations with market makers, VCs, and integration partners.
  * There was notable interest in future events in Japan and Istanbul, with Amanda reviewing early prospectuses.
  * She encouraged community members to suggest upcoming conferences where Akash could have representation.

* Upcoming Events

  * PyTorch Summit (San Francisco): Akash will sponsor and Greg will speak during Open Source AI Week. Five team members are attending.
  * AI Texas Hackathon (Austin): Akash is leading the decentralized AI track with kickoff on October 23 and hackathon on October 24–25.

    * Amanda is coordinating with the development and product teams to define practical challenges for hackers.
    * Amanda asked how to handle support for participants; Julius recommended Discord.
    * Adam proposed creating a temporary Discord channel, “Austin Hackathon Participant Support,” and notifying vanguards and insiders to assist for 24 hours. Amanda and Adam will handle setup.
  * SmartCon (New York City): Akash will have a small presence during New York Blockchain Week. Greg will deliver a lightning talk and the team will host a policy-oriented side event. Amanda noted this event’s importance for reaching new sectors such as AI and policy. Attendees include Amanda, Tyler, and Greg.
  * NeurIPS (San Diego): Akash will not sponsor this year but will co-host a coworking and demo space with Pluralis Research, Jensen AI, and possibly another AI company.

    * The two-day coworking event will include demos, poster sessions, and evening mixers.
    * Amanda emphasized this approach’s effectiveness for student and researcher engagement.
    * Planned evening event: “The Night Cap,” a chess-themed mixer featuring AI chess games and the San Diego Chess Club.
    * Volunteers are needed for on-site technical and community support from December 2–5.

* Community and Grassroots Events

  * Adam reported that the governance proposal includes budget for community-attended events through insiders.
  * Akash will support Hacktoberfest virtually via insiders.
  * DevConnect (Ethereum): A small, community-driven Akash presence is planned pending governance budget approval. Adam explained that this represents a shift toward bottom-up participation.
  * Only insiders can represent Akash at these events, and community members were encouraged to apply.

* Cosmoverse Attendance

  * Demir confirmed he will attend and plans to drive. Julius may also attend.
  * Amanda offered to send Akash-branded pins or stickers to them for distribution.

* Closing

  * Amanda thanked everyone for the strong attendance and discussion.
  * She reminded members to help with the hackathon support channel and consider volunteering for the NeurIPS event.
  * The meeting ended on a light note with informal comments from George and Rodri.

---

## Action Items

* Amanda Keay

  * Finalize logistics for AI Texas Hackathon (Oct 23–25).
  * Work with Adam to create and announce the Austin Hackathon support channel.
  * Coordinate SmartCon and NeurIPS participation.
  * Ship Akash merchandise for Cosmoverse attendees.

* Adam Wozney

  * Set up the Discord support channel and notify vanguards and insiders.
  * Complete the DevConnect governance proposal and budget submission.

* Julius Haus

  * Provide developer support for hackathon participants on Discord.

* Demir Simpovic & Julius Haus

  * Confirm Cosmoverse attendance and coordinate logistics for Akash materials.

* Community Members

  * Apply to become insiders for future event representation.
  * Express interest in supporting the NeurIPS coworking event in December.


---

## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Amanda Keay:** All right, we should be live. Anyway, thank you all for coming today. I know I I changed this meeting because the marketing and growth team is doing an offsite that was planned rather last minute um by Greg. So, we are all flying down to Austin tomorrow. So, that's why I couldn't do that call uh tomorrow. So, I'm glad that you all showed up today. This is probably one of our larger groups. So happy to see some of your faces and um you know get to get to talk to you. Um first off, I was just saying that it's a rather rainy day here in like northeastern Pennsylvania and New York, but excited to be in Austin because it's supposed to be almost 90 and sunny. So excited to get a little bit of some vitamin D, which I'm I'm needing. Um hopefully you feel better, Demir. Hopefully everyone else is doing well. Thumbs up if you are. I know it feels like a Thursday or a Friday already and it's only Tuesday. \
  \
 


### 00:01:04

  \
**Amanda Keay:** I'm not sure if this week is like that for anybody else, but at least for me it is. Um, but just wanted to do um a quick uh call about some of the events that we have coming up. Um, one of the the events that we just had which was token um give a little recap on that and then look to the future the next uh month or so. So, um, as some of you are aware, we did a lot for Token 2049. Um, seven team members, Greg was the seventh, uh, came out for that event. We had one of the larger booths that we've ever had. We had a 20 by 20 with a custom build. As some of you saw the pictures, we did like a little tribute to the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Um Dennis, our designer, did an amazing job doing all of the um design work for that and making the pillars look like these big server racks. Um so everyone was really impressed with that. So um excited uh to see those pictures. \
  \
 


### 00:02:02

  \
**Amanda Keay:** I was really proud of it. Um I know Jamir, you were with me during ML when I like sketched that out on a little piece of paper. So it was really nice seeing that come to life. Um but yeah, we had a really good week. Greg had a talk on the DPIN stage um that was recorded and we'd got photos from that that I think have gone live already. Um Adam, our community manager, was on a number of pan was on a number of panels uh moderating and um showcasing Akash aside from just the main event which was really good. \
**George Pro:** There was on \
**Amanda Keay:** Um we had a side event hosted alongside Jensen AI and the Salana Foundation. So that was a great event to end the week. Um we had probably 200 people show up. Um mostly that mostly founders um and like seuite level folks. \
**George Pro:** Are we call \
**Amanda Keay:** That was kind of our intention for this uh side event. And um altogether a really good event. \
  \
 


### 00:03:03

  \
**Amanda Keay:** I feel like um as far as doing one big event in Asia that was probably and is the best one for us to go to. We had a lot of a lot of really good conversations on the growth side of things from um either market makers, VCs, integration partners. Um especially for me too, like a lot of uh events that are happening. It seems like there's going to be a decent amount next year for um Asia focused events. So um it's always good to see the trends and what's going to be popping up as well as um there's been a couple interests. It's been like a decent amount of people that have been pushing Japan, like Japan conferences, which I know is kind of strange and cool, but also strange. And then Istanbul and like that area. So, I feel like between those two areas, I don't know if there's something going on there, but a lot of events lined up for next year already. Um, so of course, we'll we'll be looking into all those. I've been reviewing some of the prospectuses for some of those events as well. \
  \
 


### 00:04:04

  \
**Amanda Keay:** Um, also if you guys hear of any amongst your uh networking of any conferences that you think would be good for Akash to attend um or have a community leader or presence there, whether it's not from like the top with us doing like a full-on sponsorship, but maybe it's just um a couple people attending and attending side events or doing a demo or getting on a panel. Um it'd be good to know. Um so that kind of wraps up token. Does anyone have any questions about that? If not, I'll jump to um the next couple events. So, uh the next two events are actually happening at the same time. Um not this coming week, but the week after in um San Francisco. Akash is sponsoring. Uh Greg is talking and we're going to be doing some events that week um for PyChor summit and then um that week is also a part of like the open source AI week in San Francisco. So there are a lot of side events happening um a lot of uh full day summits, partday summits. \
  \
 


### 00:05:14

  \
**Amanda Keay:** So um we're we have our schedule booked for that uh that week. um excited to be in San Francisco for more than just a layover. So um excited for that. We have about five team members attending a couple I'm not sure if there was anyone from the community that could make it this time especially for this one but um in tandem with that conference um we're also hosting or not hosting we're um leading the track for an AI Texas hackathon that's happening. Um we're going to be doing the kickoff event where team members can kind of uh meet up with each other, form their teams, figure out what they want to hack on um in our decentralized AI space in Austin. That's going to be on the 23rd. And then the hackathon is a two-day hackathon the 24th and 25th of October. So happening the exact same time as PyTorch. Thankfully, we have some team members based in Austin um and some people that are flying in to help run that um troubleshoot any issues um and hopefully uh have some good turnout. \
  \
 


### 00:06:18

  \
**Amanda Keay:** I know we've been I've been speaking with our development team um and product team and trying to find some things for people to hack on that could be really useful for Akash. So, um excited for that and excited to of course always utilize our uh space in Austin. So, um, looking forward to that. We'll get some pictures up and hopefully give you guys some, um, metrics on that hackathon as well. Um, I do have plans, um, to I'm not sure how this is going to work essentially, but, um, for the for the hackers that are going to be hacking, I'd like to set up a channel or some way \
**George Pro:** I'm not sure how \
**Amanda Keay:** maybe I can just direct them to the I'm guessing, maybe Julius or Adam, you would be good to answer this question. If anyone has questions about um Akash or any integrations, if they're trying to use like the API or something, would it be best to point them to the navigator's channel just Discord? \
**Julius Haus:** just Discord. At least that's the easiest way to get support. \
  \
 


### 00:07:20

  \
**Amanda Keay:** Like that's what I meant like in within within Discord. \
**Adam Wozney:** I would say we can create I I would say we we can we can create a channel that's just called like Austin hackathon participant support and then um they can just go in there and then I can make \
**Amanda Keay:** Okay. \
**Adam Wozney:** a me I can send out a message to the vanguards and the insiders saying hey just for the next you know it's like a day long right okay I'll say for the next 24 hours just keep an eye \
**Amanda Keay:** It's Yeah, it's 24 hours total time. \
**Adam Wozney:** on this channel. There will be people coming in with questions that are participating in the Inerson hackathon. And then um there's so many insiders that are online at different times. \
**Amanda Keay:** Okay. \
**Adam Wozney:** There should be some people that can jump in and just run to things throughout the day. \
**Amanda Keay:** Okay. Amazing. Thank you so much. Um, so I'll be setting that up. I'll uh or Adam, you could help me set that up. \
  \
 


### 00:08:04

  \
**Amanda Keay:** Um, that's going to be for the time period of the 24th through the 25th of October. Um, any questions about those two events that are happening the end of this month? Okay. Um, the next event after that is probably just a week later. We're doing a very small presence um in New York City. Um SmartCon is happening and it's also like um New York blockchain week that's happening that same week. \
**George Pro:** What is happening? \
**Amanda Keay:** So Greg got asked and invited to speak at SmartCon. So he's going to go there and do like a lightning talk lecture. Uh we're going to host a small side event while we're in town. um invite some folks mostly policy-driven um this conference is more that side of things. So uh I actually like that. I feel like uh the opportunity for Akash to be at a bunch of different conferences is really really nice like token conferences, AI conferences, um policy conferences. So I feel like these are good opportunities for us to hit different elements of what Akash might be needing. \
  \
 


### 00:09:15

  \
**Amanda Keay:** So, um, myself, I think Tyler who is in our, you know, he does operations and Greg will be on the ground for that week, um, at least for a couple days, uh, beginning of November. And then we have a little bit of a break, thank God, because I have been on the road a lot, uh, for the holidays through Thanksgiving. And then, um, our last event of the year is actually going to be in Nuruip's uh, in San Diego, so in Adam's backyard. Um, we're going to be not sponsoring this year just due to market conditions and what we think we've gotten out of the last event. \
**George Pro:** And then that's \
**Amanda Keay:** We're going to be still having a presence. So, don't be sad, Julius. I'll still invite you. We're going to be working with um Plurales Research and Jensen AI. We're potentially working with one other AI company. We're just like figuring that out right now. Um, but right across from the convention center, we have a really great space for two whole days. \
  \
 


### 00:10:16

  \
**Amanda Keay:** We're going to do a co-working event. \
**George Pro:** Thank you. \
**Amanda Keay:** We're going to do demos. We're going to do um for any uh anyone that comes by that is presenting a paper or doing or presenting um posters, they can come and do like pitches um at the space. That's going to be for two whole days and then we're going to do like mixers in the evening. Um, so while we're not going to be sponsoring and technically like spending a ton of money, I think this is actually going to be better better fitted for Akash, um, we're going to really work with the local communities, um, universities actually in San Diego, invite them in, um, potentially invite some of the, uh, machine learning professors as well to come. Um so I feel like this will be a better opportunity that that conference is all academic students and really what we want from that conference is people coming and working on a kosh. So um I feel like the fact that we have a space for them to work and get to know us and meet our team in more of a setting that's not just like at a booth and kind of rushed I feel like is going to be good for us. \
  \
 


### 00:11:22

  \
**Amanda Keay:** um at least it was two years ago when we did or one year ago when we did this at Nurips last year. Um it was fantastic. So I'm excited for to be in San Diego for this conference. Um we'll definitely be needing some help though. So if you're available, yes, last year's side was amazing. So I'm hoping that this one's like all equally as good. And I'll give you guys a little TLDDR like some alpha even though I hate that word alpha. Um, we're doing a chess themed um, event in the evening after the first day of co-working. It's called the night cap. Of course, you guys know I love a good pun. Night spelled with a K. We have a really cool like chess uh, the San Diego Chess Club that's going to be coming in and doing games. Uh, we are thinking about doing even I don't know if you guys have seen um these AI robots that come and actually play you. So, you can play against an AI. \
  \
 


### 00:12:17

  \
**Amanda Keay:** So, I don't know. We're going to be doing a lot of really fun stuff um to, you know, get people interested and be in San Diego for those couple days in the beginning of December. So, like I said, if you can um potentially come and help out during those couple days, it's the first week, I think like the 2nd through the 5th, somewhere in that range of December. Please let me know. Uh either fill out the form or just drop me a message in Discord. that would be really helpful to have a couple more hands on the ground answering people's questions and talking with students that might be interested in working on a so I feel like this this conference more so than others we will need the development developer help and engineering to come and just like sit and work with people um and I think that's it that wraps up all of the events for the end of the year I'm sure there might be a few other like small day things that we're attending but Um, I don't think so right now. \
  \
 


### 00:13:18

  \
**Amanda Keay:** Yes, Adam. \
**Adam Wozney:** So I've got one. So as a part of our governance proposal on the community side, um we do have budget for kind of grassroots community attended events. Um some of them are either through insiders who have flagged local events or hackathons that would be interesting for Akasha have a presence at. So for example, we're sponsoring um Hacktoberfest, which is a virtual event. Um and one of our insiders is kind of managing that relationship. Um so that is kind of event related. So I just wanted to call that out. And then in addition in addition to that, there are events that insiders have flagged as you know interesting for a cost present or representation at on the community side. \
**Amanda Keay:** Oh yes. \
**Adam Wozney:** And it's looking more and more likely that we will be having a small kind of grassroots presence for Dev Connect, which is um the biggest Ethereum developer conference of the year. It's happening in like a month and a half. So, I'm still figuring that out because we haven't put the budget on chain yet for a vote, but it's looking more and more likely that that's going to happen today. \
  \
 


### 00:14:32

  \
**Adam Wozney:** Fast forward to a week from now, if it passes, we will have budget for a few community members to represent Akash at Devcon connect. Um, so I'm still putting the finishing touches on what that looks like. A lot of things are in the air because we don't have budget technically for it yet, but it's looking more and more likely that we will be able to have a small sad face mad, a small kind of grassroots community um presence for Dev Connect, which I'm excited about. It'll be the first time that we're kind of doing this kind of bottom up bottoms up approach rather than um large scale top down that like Amanda works on these large presences presences for uh Akash. So just wanted to call that out as something um and only insiders are have access to that. So if folks watching the recording or listening are not insiders and you want to represent Akash at events become an insider and apply today. That's it. \
**Amanda Keay:** Thanks for the plug. Uh that's good to know. \
  \
 


### 00:15:31

  \
**Amanda Keay:** Uh amazing. Um also, is anyone here attending Cosmoverse? Is that even happening? Demir I thought was potentially heading over there. \
**Damir Simpovic:** Yeah. Yeah. I got a I bought a ticket like six months ago and it's like threehour drive from here. \
**Amanda Keay:** Okay. Okay. \
**Damir Simpovic:** So, I'll just uh Yeah, I'll go for all day. \
**Amanda Keay:** Let Okay. \
**Damir Simpovic:** I'll just go drive there. There, be there for a day and drive back. \
**Amanda Keay:** Julius I also saw in the messages might attend. Thinking about going. \
**George Pro:** All \
**Amanda Keay:** Um, if if you guys are like in fact going and need like I don't know, I'm trying to think of something small that I could ship you or maybe even Dennis since Dennis is there, he can get you something quicker. Um, whether it's some pins or some really cool Akash stickers or something small that you can bring around with you. Um, if that's of interest, I can see if if we have some extra $100 laying around that I can ship you ship you some pins or something. \
  \
 


### 00:16:32

  \
**George Pro:** right. \
**Amanda Keay:** Just let me know. Um, other than that, I think that's as as far as updates from me and from Adam about some of these um events from the community. Um, does anyone else have anything that they'd like to ask or add or um questions on? All right. \
**George Pro:** All Correct. \
**Amanda Keay:** Well, I appreciate having a larger group this time. I feel like uh the last few times has been small but mighty, but this time has been uh nice to see all you guys here. Um I think that's it. I can give you back some of your time. Uh I know we went a little bit longer than I normally do for these events, but it's nice to have some uh people to talk to and some feedback um from some of these uh initiatives. So, like I said, if we're going to try to set up a Discord channel for um the hackathon that's coming up and then also please let me know if there's any of you that can potentially be in San Diego the first week of December. That would be helpful to know. Anything else, Adam? Anyone else? You good? All right. \
**Adam Wozney:** Again. \
**Amanda Keay:** All right. Well, thank you so much everyone. \
**George Pro:** You have a great \
**Rodri R:** It's I'm doing the same. Have a nice week. Yeah. Yeah. We're We're getting old by Yeah. Drink a beer. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:18:36

