
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Scott will share strategy for escalation path from Discord to Github.
- Discussion of any support practices that can be adopted by Akash?
- Akash is working towards 24/7 support. 

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 25, 2023
- Time: 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://oeqff22hfuk5ykubxssnw5ldpzdzdeboatqr4fusrsdl6qwmczfa.arweave.net/cSBS60ctFdwqgbyk23VjfkeRkC4E4R4WkoyGv0LMFko) 
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Anil Murty 
- Joao Luna 
- Julius Haus 
- Robert 
- Rodrigo 
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Notes


- ***Sig-Support Defined:*** This special interest group is responsible for all things related to Support at Akash. Sig-Support and Sig-Community will work very closely to manage the Akash Insiders and Akash Vanguards programs that lead support across the Akash Network. The Support Special interest group can touch everything from documentation, to content, to product and beyond. Support is resposible for troubleshooting user issues, finding bugs on Akash, testing new and existing features, as well as providing guidance for all users on the Akash Network.
- ***Path to 24/7 Support in Discord:*** Insiders, Vanguards and the community at large are supporting users in the community almost around the clock. 1 or 2 more vanguards or insiders may be helpful in the Asia region to help support reach 24/7 coverage.
- ***Tooling and Escalation:*** Github and Discord are the two places where support happen right now. Rodri, a current active Akash Insider, is comfortable in Github, so he has no problem making new issues directly in Github. There are others in the community that may feel more comfortable in Discord, so there was initial discussion about using a discord bot to make issues directly in Github. No final decision was made, but the special interest group is interested in any feedback. 
- ***Support Escalation Path:*** The repo for all support issues is [Akash-network/support](https://github.com/akash-network/support).
- ***How to Join Akash Insider and Akash Vanguards Program:*** If you are interested in joining the Akash Insider program, click the [link to learn more and apply]
- ***Sig-support withing the rest of the Community Group Structure:*** Other Special interest groups will touch sig-support, including sig-education, [sig-community](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-community), [sig-documentation](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-documentation), and others. As Akash improves education, content, and documentation, support will continue to be improved as well.

### Akash Support Tool

- Scott from Overclock Labs has developed a webapp tool that allows insiders or anyone in the Akash support organization to efficiently diagnose, replicate, and solve support issues.
- Users of Akash Support tool can put in deployment ID, Dseq and address of the deployer, where the tool will render a host of information about the deployment from the blockchain. Users can drill into deployment events, provider information and other information that can be used for diagnosing a support issues.
- The Akash Support tool now has the capability to simulate a deployment. This feature will give the support representative the ability to launch a deployment on the same provider to gain logs, events, and other key pieces of data.
- This process would historically take a long time to do manually bu querying the blockchain. The Akash Support Tool allows for instantaneous querying for faster diagnosis. 
- If you would like to use the tool, sign up to join Akash Insiders program or join the discussion for [sig-support on discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751101964779581/1065683574629617774).

### Action Items

- Sig-support wants to continue tracking towards 24/7 support in Discord.
- Between monthly meetings, participants can discuss different options for streamlining issues from discord to [Akash-network/support](https://github.com/akash-network/support). 



### Updates

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Awesome. All right, so this is the Charter SIG, support meeting obviously, supported something that we've been doing in the car since, you know, Genesis using like discord channels telegram. Obviously,

Tyler Wright:  Upkeeping a number other. You know, we had a form at one point but this SIG support is to really continue conversations. And then you know, formalized structure as we continue in this open source framework around all things support related. So you know, to be tech support getting users on board in general. Um, Scott, you know, who's been leading, who's been head of support, at Overclock Labs. For some time, is really put in the framework. That is allowed us to get to where we are right now, where we're basically almost had 24 by seven coverage, where we have community members that are, you know, very knowledgeable about Akash, you know, summer specialized and things like providers mining. You know, deployments etc. But we just have a number of like enthusiastic community members that, you know, stay active and discord. Make sure that anybody that has any

Tyler Wright:  Students or any issues related to deploying, you know, provider or just like using a cache have somebody that they can talk to and turn to and get some more information on. And then obviously, for some more technical issues, we there's been an escalation path developed by Scott that allows for issues to be passed along to the right people. So that all issues are hopefully getting solved in a timely fashion. Again, this SIG is very much about continuing those efforts. Fine-tuning, those efforts and optimizing those efforts. Whenever we see fit, we have like, insiders and vanguards, as you know,

Tyler Wright:  Groups that are basically born out of the support and community efforts and now we'll live under those two six. Obviously a call to action is to continue to find folks that want to participate in support. You know. Again, it's great to have all the people that are involved right now, but we want to continue to grow the numbers so that, you know, as you know, a cash continues to grow, we can we can scale at the same rate and be able to answer as many questions as possible. um, Cool. With that said I do want to again we do have a smaller group today but I do want to pass off to Scott because he has been an instrumental in getting us to this point. The Navvisig should be taking over so he can focus on some other responsibilities within Overclock.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, you know, so I think largely Rodrigo obviously you're very Involved in the community and part of the insiders group. So I would love to kick it off by just getting some feedback from the community. So obviously we've introduced some changes recently with a Explanation path, and using github issues, as a way for the insiders, to escalate issues, to a cautious engineering including myself. And the others of the engineering team. So yeah, Rodrigo, I guess. Um, you know, as the loan representative of the insiders and they and the support group today outside of Overclock, maybe you could just give us some feedback on. Experiences recently. And if you see any areas of improvement,

Rodrigo: Yeah. Like like we were discussing on our best insiders called And like Tyler just said, we're almost 24/7 and it's important in this court and He escalation request to Github. I think it's a great idea. I don't have any problems when using, you know, you were suggesting maybe create an app or something but Maybe others when we use the ball. right now, I think like if it looks like 24 origin support

Scott Carruthers: okay, great and and yeah, to your point Will Continue to monitor and assess the situation of. So, for any That are not a familiar with what rotary? Just reference when I introduced the Escalation Path For our insiders group to a cautious engineering. I say that the process would be to open up an issue. On the support repo within the Akash Dash Network Organization and mentioned that. I know that not everyone within the insiders group as you start to get outside of the developers and an engineers, there may be some that are not familiar with using github issues and if it's Warranted or was a benefit. We could introduce some discord bots. That I've investigated that would allow

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers:  Our support team, the insiders primarily to live within discord and just open up the issue via a discord bot. I gave some reasons. Why. I don't really necessarily see great benefit to that one of them primarily being the discord boss that are readily available like server support the server support but which is the most most popular. Is very limited in the title and description that you can enter. So, to me, it would Probably necessitate going in to get the github issue directly anyways, so you could open the issue through a

Scott Carruthers:  Through. That's a robot in an integration with Github but it would probably be necessary to get into massage and edit the issue and Github. Anyways they're definitely could be some other bots out there that I haven't looked at and I opened it up to the community if there were any suggestions on another bus so we could use but as Roderie said At this point, our path forward would be just to manage it all directly and github issues but we're definitely open to suggestions that that causes any pain or The insiders want to live in discord more, we can definitely resurface and, and talk about that again. But yeah, overall, thanks for the Feedback Rodrigo. So you've been an insider for some time I think everything is going really well. But yeah, great to hear your feedback.

Rodrigo: Active anymore. That's all what people helping out, and Questions are being answered and depression.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah, as I shared in the insiders call yesterday and good to get this within this, this session as well, and for anyone that's not aware. Really good sample. of the support that we're getting from our insiders today starting on Our holiday break. And then going into the first week of January, I was out of the office for a two-week period and the support essentially went uninterrupted, you know, in the past. If I Was out of the office, I would feel compelled to to check in and usually, have to answer a few questions. Each day. I did, you know, just to make sure that everything was was smooth. I was expecting this to be the case, but I would check in maybe every 24 to 48 hours, but I don't think I actually had to respond to a single issue. While I was on vacation. So

Scott Carruthers:  We're approaching 24 by 7 coverage but even as there's some slight gaps in that schedule, now there's very little delay in new users or existing users get in getting support. So yeah, the insiders team is just been awesome recently and and now we have that escalation path for intelligent way to Get into the hands of a caution engineering, if it needs to, if we need to look at code or something that the insiders might be unsure of so everything's been going incredibly well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, just want to add for those that might be listening later, we'll throw some links in the chat which will be again shared in the notes about where you can find information about. the, the six support repo and again, as Things happening as projects come out of this SIG, you know where you can contribute as well as access to the support repo,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Here.

Tyler Wright: where folks can put in issues, bugs, new features, etc and that escalation pass that will again go through github will be linked. um, For those that don't know about the Cash Insiders and vanguards program will also put links in there if you want to participate and help us continue to get that 24 by 7 coverage. And, you know, Go through the community efforts again, That's the community is another place where you can get information about the insiders on Vanguard's program but I will link it as well. Um, trying to think of additional talking points that we can.

Tyler Wright: Years and projects will come up as time goes on.

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: yeah, I also kind of stay in the obvious but there's a lot of interrelated parts and in our CIGS and and working groups. So obviously as we look to improve documentation and the Edu SIG and you know, having excellent video, content and training series on, that's gonna have a direct impact on support as well. Theoretically making support. Much less necessary for people that are like I just got out of discord recently and someone was asking about provider profitability and the profitability calculators and things like that. So as we Um, you know, improve documentation and improve the Akash ETU program. That will have a direct impact on. Support as well. So main point being a lot of the other efforts, the foot should have direct correlations to Support as well.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Um, another thing worth talking about briefly, and there might be more conversation about this soon is when Scott was more hands-on with as the head of support and Overclock labs. He did develop a tool that has been tested by some of the insiders that makes us that streamlines support experience a little bit to making sure understanding and being able to replicate some of the issues that users might be facing on the network. Um, I don't know if we want to go into depth about that, but I do want to bring that up because that is a powerful tool. Could be leveraged in the future.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah, I'll just free briefly on that. So I'm gonna put a link to that tool and in the chat. So I opened this up for Insider Testing Several weeks ago and got some feedback. And in United States selling, there's probably some areas that need to be approved. From aesthetically visualization perspective but also from a functionality perspective, but I spent considerable time before the holidays alleviating, any issues that I thought were prevalent. So yeah, if anyone wants to to utilize that tool and for anyone listening at the recording, I'm pretty sure that RODRI has has used a tool before but for anyone listening to or looking at the transcript for the record in the the idea behind this tool is you can

Scott Carruthers:  Go into the The Web app, it's written in react and using Go API endpoints on the. The back end, the idea is to in a cider or someone in the support organization, including the insiders would be able to go into this tool. They had to put in attributes that they would collect from a user that needs support. So putting in the Desec, or the deployment ID and they address of the deployer really just that minimal information. Will then Extract that information off the Blockchain and we'll instantaneously, give the support representative. That's entered that information into the tool information about the current provider, the state of that provider, the events related to the deployment ID. So the

Scott Carruthers:  Deployment creation and Big Creation Lease creation. And those kind of events are all instantaneously, given to the support rep, you can drill into those attributes further, so you could drill into an individual event or you can drill in to the current provider to look at provider stats and current information. and then I also most recently, and, and this might be even news to some insiders, but if you go into, A deployment through that tool and start to drill into the deployment. You'll now see a Simulate Deployment option. and this is a feature that I introduced, that would instantaneously give us four representative the ability to launch a

Scott Carruthers:  Deployment onto the current provider of the. SO you have a user reporting issue with a deployment. This simulate deployment would automatically launch a deployment on to that same provider. And we do testing of like DNS within the within the Pod, if they ingress control, or is working for the provider, we'll do statistics on like speed and gross, and egress speed measurements and things of that nature. Also, can look at the logs of the deployment to see, you know, the Kubernetes events as they, the Pod is spawning. So the Support tool instantaneously gives a support representative, the ability by again, just entering the case ID or the deployment ID, the Desec and the deploy, Your deployment address, a wealth of information that their finger tips, that would historically take a lot of time to like if we want to

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers:  try to query the blockchain for individual events related to a deployment or we want to launch a example deployment, on the provider to make sure that Ingresses is working or that DNS is working outside of the deployment, like all that is now kind of instantaneously at your fingertips. So yeah, definitely would encourage people and provide more feedback if they have the opportunity.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Um, All right, I know we covered a couple of things in here. I know Robert you're just joining us.

Tyler Wright:  Um, this meeting is very much been about, you know, again talking about what six support does, some of the goals of the SIG around, you know, whether it be 24 by seven support, or just being able to optimize the experience for new and existing users. When they are interacting with us on discord or interact with anybody from the community as they're trying to use Akash again, really optimizing that experience. And then being able to use GitHub in a way to track issues, you know, call out new features and just, you know, continue to be a critical part of the Akash network experience.

Robert: All right, thank you so much. Tyler. I'm just joining,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Robert: you know, to get more information and see how can I help in any way? Thanks for the overview.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, no. Absolutely. Um, again, there are some links in the chat and you can follow on with the Transcript is a and recording as well, but you know, I know that you've asked a number of ways to get involved. I think. There are a number of ways, um, and support is a great way for folks of all skill sets to really support Akash. Um,

Tyler Wright:  Whether it be like a technical resources, like you all are in doing a discord or whether it be like, some of the logistical things that, frankly I'm handling right now and supporting those efforts really the goal is to again optimize the user experience for folks that are currently using Akash and then from a developer standpoint, you know, continue to develop new tools features experiences on Akash that get us to you know, Cloud Player. Parity get us to the point where, you know, we are a viable alternative to the current ecosystem out there. um, you know, that could be through again, content. You know, filtering people on discord to the right people that have the information that they may need.

Tyler Wright:  creating guides again is I think Scott previously mentioned some of a lot of the efforts of big support will also be found in other CIGS like community maybe even SIG education, you know, but it's very much an effort of this SIG to make sure that all efforts around support and again optimizing the user experience or thought of You know, I think Robert you've previously talked about creating content, that's something that can very much live under this. Sig because, you know, those kinds of efforts, you know, I'd be getting the same kind of question over and over and over again from the commute over the last year. And there might be something that makes sense for us to

Tyler Wright:  You know, make a piece of content or add it or, you know, this thing might suggest. Hey, this is something that we should add to our docs in a way that streamlines that user experience. Um, you know, so all those kinds of ideas were open to as well as like whether it be the escalation path to support, or how we handle bugs, or security risk, or all that kind of stuff, like making sure those experiences are as transparent as possible and as efficient as possible,

Robert: I joined the meeting a little bit later. Anyway in regards to those questions, Is there a document? Maybe you have with the most common questions compiled and maybe we can go from there?

Tyler Wright: I don't have that document. I do think that's something that this SIG should own. I'm sure inside and Scott have can rattle off a number of things that they get commonly asked. Um, but Robert, I think that's something to organize and have is like a living deliverable that's owned by this SIG. Iâ€¦

00:20:00

Rodrigo: It's a perfect use case for Scott's tool.

Robert: Awesome.

Tyler Wright: how you feel about Scott.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Robert:  Hey, Rodrigo. O, do you say Tyler's speak Spanish, too?

Rodrigo: Remember.

Robert: Oh, Super Monica horror almost say, I'm just kidding.

Tyler Wright: You.

Robert: But well, Tyler going back to that. Yeah, I believe that's that that's gonna be a great start. And actually reminds me one day that in an insider call, we were with Sac and Adam, and they were talking about something about like, The Cash Community Member journey. And it was around like laying down,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Mm-hmm.

Robert: like, not a roadmap but like a map. Like, Okay, I go to a cash. Calm from there. I go to, to discord, for example, for this car, I go to this group, I'm in a restaurant and making like some path around around.

Robert:  Around the concerns of the problems you may have or maybe what you're looking to get out of the cash community and do like a journey based on that. But you know I guess that having maybe the most common questions in an FAQ and maybe do like interactive content or other types of content that can help clear out those questions. I guess it's gonna be a great start on this SIG group.

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely. I think both of those efforts um have great importance to again pushing the experience for it. Um, you know, think about the user experience. We're trying to figure out as many like a of those pain points as possible and then eliminate them, you know, or at least, you know, use again channel like the support or folks in discord as tools that can unblock some of those paths that get that become pain points. You know, if somebody gets lost on the journey and doesn't know where to contribute, but really wants to contribute on Akash. We should be able to provide a number of ways. They can contribute. If they're not technical, there's ways that can contribute if there are technical and they really care about a specific part of Kubernetes, then we can funnel them in the right places where they can contribute, you know, and that should be something that we should always be looking to again, optimize especially as we continue to grow.

Robert: Absolutely, let's do it. So I don't know if these calls are gonna be a monthly setting on a bi-weekly setting but when can we chat about those questions? Next

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Absolutely. So from a cadence standpoint right now, we're working on a monthly meeting cadence, where we'll be having like phone conversations again if this time doesn't necessarily work and we will make find a time that works for a larger group of people. So that these phone conversations could be like, real, you know, collaborative I did additionally,â€¦

Robert: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: we have this big and we have community group channels set up in discord where we're hoping that conversation can continue between meetings. So you know if you Robert have a specific piece of content that you just talked about your editing, I would love for you that in the insiders channel because that's a community. You're already a part of but I would also love for you to put that in the SIG support channel and talk a little bit about here. I'm I created this piece of content because I think it had value to support and hear, Tell me what you think and then We can work async to continue talking about. Hey, I love this piece of content. Have you thought about this? Have you thought about that? And then when that deliverable is done,

Tyler Wright:  We will then, you know, this SIG will then represent it. Like, Hey, we should put this on the website, you know, because again, that's something that we're talking about across six. That Scott was a part of the SIG documentation SIG, docs monthly yesterday, where the it's very much an effort and this is very much tied to six support for pieces of content. Whether they be video guides, you know, how to's, you know what, you know, generated by the community that we can host directly on Akash.network, you know. So that you have like a aggregated um, group of again, pieces of content that if you're a visual learner, if you if you learn better by watching videos, there's a path. If you learn better by going to the docs, then you go to docs that'll cost on network if you learn better by asking direct questions and you have discord, you know, and we have only pass for people to, you know, on board and

00:25:00

Tyler Wright:  Learn about Akash.

Robert: Awesome. That sounds amazing. And yeah, I will share the video and and hoping to get more feedback on it. So I can make the next iteration. Better long term.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, exactly.

Robert: What I want with this content is like You know, people arrive to a cash, they score. Sometimes you don't know if there are builders of if they are just investors of, if they are just regular folks, right? And this series I'm doing, I would like to reflect like the technological side of a cache. That's why I invite other guests to talk about a cash. And the reason why this person is building on a cash. So, maybe that way people can sympathize with that and maybe connect more with a cash, I'm pretty sure that when you see the video, you're gonna get the idea.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, absolutely. That sounds really great. um, Yeah,â€¦

Robert:  Awesome. And sharing.

Tyler Wright: again, I also want to make it clear and I think we've kind of talked about this, um, but I want to continue to make it clear. I very much in 2020 and prior to that when A cash with continuing to be built. There was very much a need at that time for overclock labs to be very hands-on in the development process. Again through the efforts of the growing community and all the people that have are great contributors and where we are today, This effort is very much an open just want to be clear very much an open effort, where Overclock labs is just a party amongst many parties that are going to continue to make a akash network. What it is. So if any of you all have any ideas, any feedback any concepts, you know I I beg of you not to be shy whether you're here right now or whether you're listening in, you know is all ideas are

Tyler Wright:  Weighted, you know, of the same value, you know? And we're just trying to, you know, have collaborative conversations from different perspectives to try to push again. Six support forward and push the network forward in general.

Tyler Wright:  Cool, I know Joao and Julius are just joining us again. There will be like a recordings transcriptions and then some notes this SIG is very much about all things support. You know, some of the elements of this SIG is previously. Mentioned Will might have touched docs big docs or sick community or some of the other efforts? No, no worries at all anytime that you all can come again. If you all come late or can't make it at all again, no problem at all. It's it's we're glad to have these standing meetings for open conversation, whether you're here for five minutes or the entire period.

Tyler Wright:  Um, and then again, if you can't make it, then the videos will be. Then the meetings will be recorded and transcribed. And then notes will be taken put on github and then conversations can be continued in discord between these meetings.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Does anyone have any other topics worth talking about this charter meeting related to support or any questions?

Tyler Wright:  Cool Julius. Yeah, I know. Now you've been to a couple of the other six so I think some of your questions that you might have been answered. I think you're understanding the flow. Does anyone else have any questions? Julius have, any specific questions?

Tyler Wright:  Okay, before I let you go, I think Bars brought up a great question there. Akash insiders form. Especially as we've been kicking off this new community groups model. We've been trying to share as information in discord as possible, we will as we continue to move forward. We'll continue to share information discord on Twitter and in telegram, we're also looking into some Streamlined solutions that allow for like mailing lists. Did you find it easy to find information about the CIGS and working groups? Or would you find it difficult to access information about this like joining this SIG support this meeting today and where everything lies? It'd be great to get some feedback on that and hear any suggestions that can be optimized. Go ahead, Robert.

Robert: Yes, Tyler. In that regard. Most of the times I use my, my computer to work, right? My laptop. But sometimes I have to have myself on me and I remember seeing the message for this group that the meeting was coming up. and when I joined this court, it shows you like the events details and you can see like a preview of the link

00:30:00

Robert: So, I couldn't find where the meeting was gonna happen, where the minute was gonna happen. And I had to go, I mean, I have to stop doing what I was doing and come to my laptop so that I can click on the link in the event that you have on discord and that's how I was able to join the meeting.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Okay, that's valuable feedback. So optimize I'm going to put the I'm going to put the calendar so that anybody that listens there. Listen to this meeting. Later can actually add the calendar. Um, Robert, would it be a better way? If you like joined an email, like if you gave her an email and then it told you when the upcoming meetings and added it directly to your calendar with that have been a more optimized word or form.

Robert: You know, with this link, I was able to add the meetings to my Google calendar already. I guess,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Robert: maybe each time that we're gonna have a meeting, it wouldn't hurt to have the like this. Reminder at this meeting to your calendar. So maybe you can share that same link with that people.

Tyler Wright: Got to like as a as a message in the thread. Okay. Got cool.

Robert:  Exactly. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Rodrigo. You had your hand up.

Rodrigo: Yeah, it was almost the same. I also had some Old first. Going into link the discord, I'm using a desktop but then from the events I had no problem. And I'm glad you set up the advances that first, it was our to find the calendar.

Tyler Wright: Okay, so it was hard to find the calendar, but you were able to access it via the events.

Rodrigo: yeah, I personally was going through all the SIG groups and trying to see which, which One, what channel would have a meeting but then I found the calendar and the events and

Tyler Wright: Okay, awesome. all right, we are, we will continue to optimize that process and um Yeah, share as much as possible. If you all need any of the links, please let me know. But I would love it if anybody on this call. If you see anybody on discord or otherwise that needs access to the calendar to add the calendar.

Tyler Wright:  Then you can provide that, or has anybody had any issues like communicating or accessing any of the SIG or Working group channels on discord in the Community Group section.

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Yeah, I believe Robert to your point, I believe. Andrew will start announcing the SIG calls on telegram. Hopefully, starting next week.

Robert: Yeah. Well he actually responded to one person yesterday about that, but yeah, they wouldn't hurt to have those reminders in there too. Thanks Andrew.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Yeah.

Robert: That guy is great.

Tyler Wright: Agreed. Can anyone else think of any other channels? That might be great for us to leverage to make it easy for people to access some of this information. Or do you think discord telegram?

Tyler Wright:  And potentially like a mailing list and Twitter or enough.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think Twitter wouldn't be a bad idea.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right, does anyone else have anything? But they want to talk about today again as previously stated, We have the whole hour, so don't feel shy. But, you know, if if we're all good and we're on the same page, then we can just talk async via discord about any new ideas or any existing questions or concepts, and then, you know, start to plan for the next monthly.

Robert: Right. That sounds like a plan. Thanks, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Please,â€¦

Robert: And the rest of the guys.

Tyler Wright: thank you all. As a reminder, there's a steering committee meeting that's happening at the same time. This started tomorrow. That's what, you know, one of the driving engines of the CIGS and working groups and that's a public meeting. So if anybody wants to join that meeting, that's happening at 11:00 AM Pacific time tomorrow, Thursday, January 26th.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright:  2023. Cool.

Joao Luna: Living in. Alright.

Tyler Wright:  All right, well again, I appreciate you all taking the time Scott. You got any thing you want to add? Not to call your aunt.

Scott Carruthers: No yeah no I think great up first call and yeah looking forward to these in the future and some working groups probably eventually this spawn out of them as well. But yeah, for right now, I'm good.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, absolutely. That's a great point. If anybody has any ideas for working groups that are that they want to spawn out of six support, you know, please throw those in discord or if anybody has any projects or ideas, please. Just throw those in discord and then we'll look forward to again. The work that Robert's doing, that'll throw in this sig as well as a caution side is when he's ready. Cool again, appreciate you all. Please let me know if you need anything. I'll have the notes ready in the next couple of days.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. All. Oh wait, Julius you have something? Oh, is that a goodbye hand? Or was that a hand raised? No, maybe not. Yeah, goodbye hands.

Joao Luna: Maybe a good buy.

Rodrigo: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: I respect it. All right, go Arsenal.

Rodrigo: Okay.

Tyler Wright: And wrong button.

Scott Carruthers: I don't even know what that means. All right by guys.

Meeting ended after 00:36:47 ðŸ‘‹
