
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 15, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://pczqehxlxarfol4beonifxcxz2s65uldpqpftmxpkq3njygovelq.arweave.net/eLMCHuu4IlcvgSOagtxXzqXu0WN8Hlmy71Q21ODOqRc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Appiah Kwabena
- Artur Troian
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Luca Fortes
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Artur started off by laying out the goals for the meeting. The group will go through the issues, see if there are other issues from the community, and see where the community can help with code based solutions.
- Artur started with the issues marked with the "Node" tag.
- After focusing on issues with the "Node" tag, the group started discussing issues with "Provider" tag.
- Following the issues triage, Scott led a discussion on general support items.
- Action items from this meeting can be found at the bottom of the notes section. 

## Nodes

- Artur talked about [issue #20](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20). The chain needs to be upgraded for this change. 
- The Akash team needs to be as diligent as possible with this [issue #20](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20). The version of tendermint affects many repos.
- Anil mentioned that we should add the notes and recording to the core-dev channel to find someone to help work on it.
- **Artur mentioned that whoever does the work needs to be familiar with Tendermint and Cosmos SDK.**
- Artur mentioned that Osmosis is also having to make this change, so he wants to see how it goes there.
- Artur moved on to talk about [issue #18](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/18). **This issue is very important.**
- Artur mentioned that this change should happen during the next network upgrade. Artur suggested writing a handler to make minimum commission 5%.
- Anil asked if the code changes can be made before the upgrade. The answer is "Yes". Someone from the community can write the code and test. Changes will not be implemented until the upgrade.
- Anil mentioned creating an issue for the next Network Upgrade to add all the the improvements that need to go into it. 
- Artur mentioned that the next upgrade should include filtering of the scam proposals related to [issue #16](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/16). 
- Anil mentoned how we should tag issues. Previously he used "sev1" and "sev2" for bugs, and "P1" and "P2" for new features.
- Andrey recommended that a one liner should be added to documentation to warn users for [issue #10](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/10).
- Artur and Andrey agreed to add a line. Scott will note this and update the documentation.
- Artur talked about Inflation calculator [issue #4](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/4). This did not work previously, but this is a low priority for Overclock Labs team. 
- The requirement for [issue #4](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/4) to be closed involves a lot of testing and simulation in Testnets and other simulated environments. 
- Andrey recommended adding some lines to the [issue #4 ticket](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/4)just in case a community member wants to solve. 

## Providers

- **Artur wants to make sure that conversations for all issues can happen in respective github issues ticket.**
- [Issue #13](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/13) is important and worth further discssion. 
- Provider needs to run a lot of bids at the same time. Sometimes the transactions may fail, causing this issue to pop up. Transactions are running on GRPC.
- There is no way to diagnose the sequence mismatch at various parts of the transaction. 
- **Provider microservices should help solve this problem with matching and syncing. For now, if there is mismatching, the best thing to do may be to restart the provider.**
- Luna is working on [issue #2](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/2). This issue is a bit more complicated than first glance. 
- The first change is on the API side.
- Anil brought up the fact that [issue #3](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/3) has a lot of discussion in the ticket. This issue touches many parts of the Akash core product. 
- Artur recommended that this should be a working group including a proper plan.

### Overview of Akash Support

- Scott asked the community about the how they are feeling about support in general.
- The Akash community is getting close to 24/7 support in discord and other channels. 
- Rodri mentioned that support in discord is better and far more consistent.
- Andrey mentioned that the largest issues are with Praetor based providers. There are less issues with helm made providers on the Akash Network.
- Scott is improving documentation around Helm Charts for an easier path to use Helm for users. 
- Anil suggests to put priorties on all issues, focusing on "sev1" and "p1" for future meetings as to not talk about the same issues.
- Console issues will stay in [console repo](https://github.com/akash-network/console/issues)


### Action Items


- Share sig-support meeting notes with Core-Dev Discord channel
- Artur to script a plan on what has to happen with [issue #20](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20).
- Get support for strategy on how to change all of the files.
- Share plan with code change for handler, to see if a community member would like to solve [issue #18](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/18).
- Create an issue for the next network upgrade and include all of the changes that should go into the network upgrade.
  1.[issue #18](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/18)
  2.[issue #20](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/20)
  3.[issue #16](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/16)
- Scott to add one liner to documentation around [issue #10](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/10).
- Artur is going to try and find another fix for [Issue #13](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/13) over the next few weeks.
- Anil to tag Luna in refactor of Akash Apis issue. 
- Artur talked about [issue #21](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/21). The manifest does not need to change. This should be a few lines of code.
- Andrey volunteered to solve [issue #21](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/21).
- Artur to add detail to ticket for [issue #4](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/4).
- Anil to monitor [issue #3](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/3), and will make a working group at a later date, when necessary.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Awesome. All right. Welcome to the second six support meeting Again. The cadence of this meeting will be changing from monthly to biweekly. So that we can, the group can go over the cost, support repo, look at issues in such a triage them. Artur is going to be sharing his screen and leading the conversation with obviously participation from anyone here. And I will be taking notes in the background and and another shared tab And yeah, without further ado, I'll pass it off to Artur to get us going.

Artur Troian: All right here. Thanks, Tyler. Hello everyone. Yeah. So what we want to go through is this list of issues that we have in the support repo, my, you know, just saying if we missing anything if There is anyone from the community wants to participate that so forth. Um, sorry about that noise. I have my kids. Secret home. So I'm gonna hear this a little bit. Anyway, yeah, we'll probably start with the node issues that we have. Let me

Artur Troian:  Turn on the label, and this pretty much a few. The biggest one and most important is number 20, which is a great note to comment with key. So just a little bit of context on that. As you may know, tender mean repo has been deprecated and there's a fork called comedy, bfg, and Customs Community is being great in quite extensively across last few weeks. Um, so we gotta have to do that as well. From what we saw the cosmosis decay. Will be providing back ports. Or put much all of the major versions they have right now. We are still on 45.

Artur Troian:  Point X and I. So there is a 45.13 Which seems to be the one is the common good to you. So this issue is a little bit complicated for us, for, for a few reasons. Number one, we have multiple repositories using the Cosmos SDK and the B. Cost of downtime for us, is way more high than on other chains. Because if the chain is down for some issues, you know, the tenants cannot create deployments can check their reasons for now and so forth. um, so we want to be as diligent with this issues as possible and I think the best will be to follow in the next plan. Comment BFT claims that

Artur Troian: It will be completely compatible with the matching version of the thundermans. So if let's say we are using for point 22 tender means that means that the common BFT. 34.22 gonna be complete much. I think we have to

Artur Troian:  start. Just exactly same version. Run RPC notes and maybe there will be validator to, you know, to say to test it. Uh, because as a commodity claims, we won't need any network upgrades. If you use send version, So if there is anyone within two participate in in that issue, like taking a look at that. What we need to do. I'm happy to write a plan for that issues to describe what needs to be done. And taking sort of control on that. but if anyone will wants to participate in the actual, you know, change in all of the files, In persons and so forth that we are much appreciated. Any questions to that issues?

Artur Troian: Daniel, go ahead.

Anil Murty: yeah, after so, um, I think I was wondering was. After this call is done. Would it make sense? Since you mentioned that you're open to taking contributions for this from the community. Would it make sense to just post the notes on this call in the maybe the recording to the Court Dev Channel and see if there's somebody interested there because I see we don't have a whole lot of people on this call right now.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: I said. Yeah. That makes sense actually. Yeah, that's good. That's a good point. Okay. Yeah. Sorry, we'll do that.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, I can do that.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Okay, thank you. And to go ahead.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, good call. And one one more point that maybe it works, adding legal and all that, you know, what needs to be like checked the versions and like running something that, no, anyone who opens it up and can quickly, see what, like, are we expecting to be done in? This ticket is the preliminary phase the first phase of testing. Otherwise like, you know, he just like look at the current ticket in current state is like, okay, there's like changes and not exactly clear what what are the next step? So I'm gonna call that policy.

Artur Troian: I think yeah, this number one, requirement, frankly, on this issues, is that needs to be done by someone, who actually familiar with the tender means gods and the cosmosis decay gods because otherwise, it just doesn't make sense because I'm gonna have to Spend just like way more time on the review than doing it. You know, that someone does it from the core teamâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: If?

Artur Troian: but yeah, I mean I will provide Sort of script. What needs to be done once again? Yeah. It's pretty much needs someone that understand what wouldn't be covered in the issue.

Artur Troian:  Yeah. All right. So moving on almost a second. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just a quick comment to title. What are the actions? I think you need want to write down is Artur to document the plan for what needs to happen here. So that that if anybody else wants to pick up, can follow others notes.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's that's yeah, that's a good one. I'm still. So here's the thing. Why we actually were holding on on this issue to wait until for example, Osmosis or Juno does upgrade. I know there was Moses does plan to move to that so we want to see how it goes.

Artur Troian:  As like experience say, shows that even parts changes to tender means we're prone to break. The compatibility. So I'm still wondering that even changing just basically import. Path in the gold code, my break things. And there are actually a few reasons why it may happen. So yeah, that's why I'm we are writing right now to see how things go, but the plan is, yeah, the definitely need to write a script. The plan and follow it as as close as possible.

Artur Troian: All right, there's no objections. Let's move on and second. Um, yeah, so the number 80 and this is actually quite important. The proposal For that commission increase has been passed. However, that was the tax proposal. It was basically saying like Let's do it.

Artur Troian:  But there was no actual parameters changes. So, as far as I remember, the there was a change in the staking module that

Artur Troian:  allows parameters to be said to limit the what the minimum number of the commission is So however, that happens. to the validators that are either been created after this change, Or been updated, op. So it won't do for the validators and let's say that currently running on one percent or zips and commission. so, what needs to be done is As we plan that next network upgrade. That should have handler that forces already data, this commission, dual 5% and sets it to five percent and it does not affect coordinators that have 5% or about.

Artur Troian:  So yeah, that's pretty much we just need to write the handler and test it. It believe.

Artur Troian:  All of the chains on the customer support system, have done it, so we can be able to easily track the change in their chains and apply to our thing and include that in the next network, right? And I think the next network upgrade going to be the GPU, So, I think it's gonna be good in there. Any questions to that?

Artur Troian:  Your neighborhood.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: enthusiasts, but want to confirm

Artur Troian: Yeah, sure, the network upgrade the code itself. You can include it at any point, it won't be executed until it's included into the upgrade handler,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yes.

Artur Troian: and it's until it's signed. Set for the proper block.

Anil Murty:  Yep.

Artur Troian: So yeah, we can definitely like even like someone can submit the code in today, if that'sâ€¦

Anil Murty: Awesome. Yep.

Artur Troian: where it we can merge it.

Anil Murty: That's basically I was getting out and then the second is should be create a issues for the next network upgrade. Just so we can track what? All needs to go into it. So you already mentioned two things, this thing and GPU changes.

Artur Troian: Uh, yeah,â€¦

Anil Murty:  just,

Artur Troian: yeah. That's a good. Yeah, that's a good call actually. Yeah. Let's let's create an issues for that.

Artur Troian: Okay.

Anil Murty:  So Tyler, just a quick note, you the second last notes that you wrote? There is a code change, not a code change. and you are taking action to

Anil Murty:  Potentially put this out to the community and see if somebody is interested in working on it and then we want to create a issues for the next network upgrade and collect up all the changes. Thanks.

Artur Troian:  All right here. Yeah. So the next one is the scam proposals. That's that was a huge. Of a huge but significant issues lately on the chains. So what happens is that anyone can send the proposal? Without the deposit and they just stick in the in the least spamming the just like an asteroid transactions and so forth. To be honest, confusing people because of some of them look like a little scam, you can include anything you want in the message and so forth. So ideally that is that whoever creates the proposal math? So proposal won't be able to be created without initial deposit. So for example, if I create a proposal

Artur Troian:  I have to deposit my own funds into that. So that's just really means who can create proposals. And yeah, the good example on the course. Osmosis they said, I think the 24 percent or whatever we can leave set it. Like, so right now, it's 1,000 take it here, believe. So we can set it 50%, 30%. Whatever. The number is reasonable, I believe this is It doesn't need to have network upgrade as per say however that needs code change. And that needs sync between overly dators to apply. This could change. So once again, that will be a good inclusion into the next one. Once we do next, network upgrade is going to pick new so to Rush version

Artur Troian:  And this will be a really good thing to include that there. So, yeah, that's number three item for the next network grade. And questions to that.

Artur Troian: Yes. So the third item is that next netplate should include filtering of the scum proposals in it.

Artur Troian:  You know.

Anil Murty: Yeah. Motorola generic question. Should we be tagging each of these issues with a priority or a severity depending on? Whether it's a feature or a bug? Because otherwise, we'll just end up with too many at the same priority level. I feel like this one slightly then the other two, but hope you do discussion.

Artur Troian: Oh well, so this one is not that I believe there is a sample of the from the Jun. Why. So the yeah I mean, yeah we can. Let's see. Looks like serve to me. so, we still think, is we can what we can do is once we have issues in the network upgrade,

Artur Troian: Once we have issues for network upgrade and the list of things that needs to be done in there, we just have to mention all those issues and this common saying like, yeah, that one can be optional.

Anil Murty: yeah, I think it was more of a generic comment that I think for all the support issues we should have ideally a priority pro security assigned just so we know like Which ones are more.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, we thought about that. We just have not worked out the plan on this variety.

00:15:00

Anil Murty:  Yep.

Artur Troian: It's not sort of like, it think is actually you say this is not a bug, to be honest.

Anil Murty: Not. Yeah,â€¦

Artur Troian: This is this is feature.

Anil Murty: it's an answer.

Artur Troian: So the yeah, the second severity of that is not that.

Anil Murty:  Yeah. So what I've done in the past is if it's a feature enhancement, typically do a p1p2, Oh sorry yeah P1v2 and if it's about we do a seven.

Artur Troian: Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, we're gonna have to work with the labels on that and does it. Alrighty, not. Easy.

Artur Troian:  So yeah, all other three issues frankly saying We don't have. So number one is this Actually, this is a provider. Why does it as You know, the note. Okay, so this is the provider. Let's remove it.

Artur Troian:  Too much this guy or right? Yeah. So this is not nothing we can do about it right now. This is how the Tangerine built. And first of all, we just need to

Artur Troian:  Sort of. Digital tender means the cosmos is decay implementations in order to understand. Why does it right? So and either any actually room to improve it, Oh, there might be, there might be not, we Andrew did some investigation on that, for example, I know that osmosis is really heavy on the air and just because there wasn't, I mean was a contracts going on. Um so yeah, once again Yeah, this moment, if anyone wants to do sorts of investigation on that, we happy to do though, but there is no like high priority for not for us at this moment. Yeah, and we go ahead.

Andrey Arapov: Like one liner, let's say precaution, whether it is the link to this issue in terms that in other people are aware that they have this kind of service that potentially. You know if it's being run on the consumer ssds,â€¦

Artur Troian: It.

Andrey Arapov: they have like 500 twbv and it means that is this, right? It will last around three years was calculating. Everyone is in this ticket. So, do you think it makes sense to put this a little note in the documentation, just to kind of warm, or I know people or doesn't look good what they think.

Artur Troian:  Well, I mean, yeah, if it needs to be mentioned, the documentation that's fine. But I think this is pretty much gonna be for all the blockchains more or less.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Maybe we'll skip it. Let's give it those is because it's already in the in our tickets early so it's kindâ€¦

Artur Troian: so, I mean,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: where however and

Artur Troian: This this has been known from presentation. Like this has been known like since we started gosh. So there's nothing like new on that and they just the numbers gonna grow as we transactions.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, for for us,â€¦

Artur Troian: We put more,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: it's clear.

Artur Troian: we have more just beats, we have more beats, we have more orders. So we have more orders from our beats and it's just gonna increase. So this is yeah this is the and the answer to that is the thunderman that was okay, but and that actually is gonna be good to market like sell Three. For now. But yeah. If Scott if you could just put the documentation that you know, we need to update. All right and in question calculator so yeah the factorial on that one. Year ago, we

Artur Troian:  introduced Dynamic Inflation calculator. And the reason for that was, you know, the projected supply has dependency on number of factors, and what was happening, like, every three months we were submitting proposal to just inflation. so the good the correct way to do that, was doing some sort of like automated And introduced inflation player. However, It didn't work because the inflation mark was completely wrong. And we immediate like 600kt over here this in a few minutes. So we started down and yeah, ever since that was like on the table. it's

00:20:00

Artur Troian:  it's like minor priority for us. Anyways. so what we will do we will mark this one as we are and just, you know, sorted out whenever we have time or when someone

Artur Troian:  Is able to you know look through it and make a fix. However the requirements of that issues to be closed is that we need to run It is to run extensively on the testnet or probably staging and is the same parameters as we have on the mind that right now, you have to make sure that it works with respected. And the testing needs to be done for quite a long time. So yeah, there are lots of things to be simulated. Just make sure the calculator works. Okay, so yeah, for now we won't be doing

Artur Troian:  Any any local things is that? Questions.

Artur Troian:  All right. Moving on to the provider.

Andrey Arapov: The second one about this inflation ticket,â€¦

Artur Troian:  He ended up.

Andrey Arapov: as you said, It's okay, but I was thinking like maybe it worked like a little note there just like was expected, you know, because maybe next month, somebody will pop up and just ask questions. Hey, what about the tickets? What's needed? You know, maybe a couple of lines Worth,â€¦

Artur Troian: yeah, I mean it's not the yeah,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: I think there.

Artur Troian: I, I Get a point. This that's good comments. One thing once. If anyone pops up with that we will provide them more information. But yeah, that's the lowest priority for us right now. We have all the information we need. So yeah, I'll try to get some time to update issues that And push, what? We need? Um, alrighty, yeah. Now moving on to Provider.

Artur Troian:  Okay, so I don't think it makes sense for us to just triage all of the issues here. I'm honestly leaning towards the this support meeting to be sort of more general high level discussions that I've gone through the all the issues. Oh, I'm happy that we have the conversation going on within the Within the github is such. So if there is a particular issue for the particular provider, I think it just needs to be discussed in there. I don't think the points to be sorted out in this.

Artur Troian:  Call. However, there are a few of them that I think are important. So number one is the number 13 account sickness much just a little bit of context on that. Why it is happening. So, Everything transaction. That.

Artur Troian:  Didn't executed on the blockchain. It doesn't necessarily mean commuted. Increases sort of like a sequence number for each account. And provider is a little bit tricky that because it needs to run. A lot of you know submit the lots of bits of the same time, draw diseases, and so forth. That's why we have this thing called serial broadcaster that pretty much it means all the transactions. However, sometimes they may fail. And the failing that's actually what causes this, whole issues to pop up. And while they pop up because the transactions are

Artur Troian:  Run through the grpc and then convert it into the EMI. And then on the other side they unwrapped from the amino into the Jrpc and the response is being jpc Europe into amino and then it unwrapped on the client side and there is no like sort of like a correct way to Diagonals, the sequence mismatch on the various stages of the transactions. So for example, that can be happening on the RPC Notes, Let's say RPC node that transactions is being relied through is behind. So let's say for some reason, the advanced out of seeing and they provider is using the transaction sequence number, like 32, but not is thinking is 28. It's gonna fail and that is the one error and then if transaction is being

Artur Troian:  Are including the pool and then being executed and it fails. That's completely different case. So this movie we're trying to do a few fixes that they didn't really work. I mean, the improved situation drastically but this issues to happening So what we will do, I'll try probably in next few weeks. Do one more fix to that, but generally right now we are working on the providers please.

00:25:00

Artur Troian:  For example, you know, provider services, and we have all the operators running as the separate services and the next stage will be transaction service that does exactly what it says submit introductions and that's gonna care about all of this from the same disaster but that we have this consequence much and yeah, hopefully it's gonna be cool. Is that solution? So but for now it happens, the best way to do is to have a contact and just provider Um, and that's what you but, yeah. Hopefully, I will provide some fixed and next week's, So yeah, that's that's it for me. Any questions to this issue?

Artur Troian:  And the next one I want to talk about is there are two of them. So number one, is the TLS termination and the port level. I think that's a The Luna is working on that. So yeah, we have a little discussion going on here. So, that's pretty much a good example of the API change. And the API change is.

Artur Troian:  Way more complicated than it looks the first glance. And the first thing of that is we are bleaching. Foot above types away from node report to the old Republicash API. So, all the prototypes going to be living there including the money fast. And I hopefully you'll be publishing. So we repo is actually public but we haven't made the first news yet. Once we have a first release, those changes needs to be the TLS termination Used to be thought through the API and then we're gonna move on to the provider services in the Republic, like there's not much discuss here. Up rather than just, you know, move through the implementation.

Artur Troian:  And you'll go ahead.

Anil Murty: Hey Arthur. So I'm just a really quick question. Does it make sense to explicitly Tag? Luna on that Akash API refactor people and make sure that he reviews and he's okay and he understands it because he would have to use those APIs here, right?

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that's actually. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah, I will I will mention that in the in the chicken

Anil Murty:  I can do it as well.

Artur Troian: but,

Anil Murty:  Luna needs to be tagged and issues. It's a, it's the refactor of the Akashi APIs. You can just put me as an action. I can make sure that happens.

Artur Troian:  Okay. And one more thing think. Hold on second and the would like to talk about but not least.

Artur Troian:  Is this one? So yeah, once we introduced it releases, Are right now for the workload. There is no way they can know. The Personality address. and we were thinking about, you know, sending once, once we spin up the lease we set the environment variables, So, the port could, you know, fetch and

Artur Troian:  That it's IP addresses. So yeah, that's pretty much. Change to the behavior of the provider. I don't think we need to change. Manifest here because this variable is dynamic. And it's set by the provider. So yeah, we will either do it by ourselves or if someone's on, you know, interested in and happy to contribute. That's fine. It's just I think it's gonna be just a few lines in the cold to do that.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I would have happened to contribute to balance but a hand. This is other things that they finished the rest of,â€¦

Artur Troian: Here. Okay,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: maybe we'll see.

00:30:00

Artur Troian: cool. Um, all right, so I think those are the issues that we would like to cover. Let me just double check on the provider. That I didn't miss anything.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that that was it.

Anil Murty: Right issues. Number three, seems to have a lot of discussion andâ€¦

Artur Troian: Number three.

Anil Murty: I'm just looking at comments,â€¦

Anil Murty: the very last one.

Artur Troian: Okay, let me check.

Anil Murty:  Or maybe it's just ideally himself. I don't know.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that one is yeah that one is sort of complicated a little bit, it needs. So the first of all I would say this is a good example of working group. For number of reasons. The first of all, the provider needs to be set up for that. you know, we have to have the GLS and then, for example, like But some creep, but the biggest limitation for that is the lesson. Creep has the API limitations. So and for example, what happens is let's say it has like,

Artur Troian:  Number of foreclosed like, you know, 10,000 and is to cope with all the certificates that wants TLS encryption of that. So who is being issues of the sorry who is owner of the certificate is a provider or is a tenant? So that's that's the question. That's why I'm saying It it's good. There is a discussion in this support issues. However, this is the really good example of the working group. It needs to be, you know, the proper plan and thinking on what needs to be done and how it needs to be done.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  all right, I think that those are the issues that you would like to you know, the highest purchase So any more questions Scott, do you have anything to add?

Scott Carruthers: No, I don't have anything to add on the, the open issues. I was going to when we're done with this discussion, just do a roundtable on support in general. If there's any needs are From their perspective, from the community and support but I don't have any anything else on the open issues.

Artur Troian: Okay, cool. I think, then we can call today, is that?

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah, so if we are done with issues. So I know that Rodrigo actually George was on earlier but it was like he's he's dropped off. So maybe just Rodrigo from our insiders program. I just wanted to do a quick overview of support, not within issues, but just within discord and in other support channels, if there's any ongoing needs are just State of the Union of Support. So I guess I'll just give my my thoughts since we met last where you continue to drive towards 24 by 7. Coverage by the insiders and it's definitely freed up significant amount of my time to concentrate it on other things that we now have escalation path in place. I think all that is working well. So I think support Of the community and our developer community is going very well, Roger. I don't know if you have a

Scott Carruthers:  As our loan representative from our insider group, anything on your mind that might be needed at this point. Or is everything going well?

Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, nothing that comes to mind right now but Yeah, like you said support in this course is better. And If anything comes to mind, I'll let you know in this quarter here. is the

Scott Carruthers:  Okay. All right. Yes sounds great. Thanks. Thanks. Rodrigo Neil. Andy and Arthur Tyler. Anyone else on the call any anything that we need to? Address from general support needs. Like I said I think we're in a pretty good state right now but I just want to open forum. If there's anything support related that we want to discuss,

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I think sorry, other or sorry, Anil just want to say, like the only, the only like the largest issues like the brighter based providers, losing some leaders, but sometimes it's happening or on some of them and there's a single, like, the biggest point I would say, but on the other hand, like, you know, they can always deploy his home and there are not this, we don't have this issue there, that's right.

00:35:00

Scott Carruthers: okay, makes sense in Andy, I have actually completed the the first draft of the K3 documentation as well to give yet another More simplistic path for provider install. So that option should be available.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah, I'll share probably the initial version of it later today and we can put it under experimentation and have some insiders do some testing as well. But yeah, the first draft of that will definitely be done very soon. Sure.

Scott Carruthers:  Anil, did you have something as well?

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think just three general comments. One is I think if not in this call, next, call or sometime, we should definitely put some priorities on these things because I feel that every time we'll end up talking about the same issues over and over, that won't be a good use of time. If you prioritize them as p1p27 save to, then we can, you know, just talk through the P1 and 7 ones first. And then, if there's no time, we can just end the meeting. It's fine. But just that was one comment. the second is, We are most likely going to GA Console this week. I'll talk about this at the client SIG as well and post something in discord, but I think what we agreed to was to keep the issues related to console inside the console repo I just want to confirm that is still the plan, everybody's okay with it or unless you want to start using support for console as well. So it's kind of the second comment.

Anil Murty:  And I think that's it. So, if anybody has any thoughts on those?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I Second. The thought that the any console related issues should stay in the console repo, and then anything related to the core product should go in the support. We put

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I definitely agree with that as well.

Scott Carruthers:  Okay, well I we've reviewed issues through through ARTUR'S. Guiding us through the the open issues it Opened it up for any questions about general support. I think we're in a great state. So, yeah, Tyler, I guess I'll hand it back to you. I don't have anything further.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I've got nothing further Archer. Thank you for leading us, and thank you all for participating. Again, I've got the notes here that I've kind of been working on. If anybody wants to take a quick glance right now. And then look at the action items. I will make a PR around these notes when the transcription and recording are available and then we can adjust from there. But again, just a talk about the action items, we're gonna share some of the SIG support meetings, especially this meeting notes with the Core Dev. Team to see if anybody wants to participate in, especially some of like issues, 20 archers, going to script a plan around how to solve issues 20. So we can get somebody potentially from the community support. um and then some of these other items again, share a plan with the code change for the handler around issues, number 18,

Tyler Wright:  Create an issues for the next network, upgrade and include all the changes that should be included in network upgrade. And then obviously, you can see some of the other things that will be focused on including documentation and some other fixes, does anyone say anything on this list? That should be updated or anything that I'm missing?

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: I think it'll just be good if you can do this straight after the call but people could just say like action items for the one action items to create an issue for network upgrade and just put like the issues that we discussed today that need to be part of that. You one, two, three,

Tyler Wright: Perfect. We'll do. Allâ€¦

Anil Murty:  thank you.

Tyler Wright: Well, thank you all, if there's nothing else. Then let's all go much. Appreciate the time again, another great meeting again, we'll have another one of these in two weeks but I'll make the notes available after they've been committed and I'll throw them in the six support discord channel. And again, it's Artur mentioned. If anybody has any conversation, they want to continue about any of these issues, continue those conversations inside of Github. You can talk about them at a lot at a high level and discord, but please, if you're talking about a specific issues, just talk about it in the specific issues ticket.

Tyler Wright:  Took. All right. Everyone have a great day.

Andrey Arapov: Everyone.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Artur Troian: everyone say,

Rodrigo Rochin: Continue.

Meeting ended after 00:41:21 ðŸ‘‹



