

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 1, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: ***Coming Soon****
- Transcript: ***Coming Soon****

# Participants




# Notes

- Artur walked throught the support repo. Anil recommended we focus on issues that are newer than 2 weeks. 
- Artur talked about [issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) and all of the PRs in this issue. This issue remains open. By end of next week, we should have more information on this issue. This is ***"sev1"***.
- Artur talked about issues #74 and issue #75. Andrey is working on these issues. Artur tagged these as "Docs".
- Artur talked about [issue #76](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/76). This is a bug so this is "sev2". This issue needs investigation. Overclock Labs team will not look at it until after GPU testing, but it does need to be addressed. 
- Artur talked about [issue #77](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/77). All of the plugins are going to come from a single repo. The priorirty is "P2". This would be attached to switching to Cosmos SDK 46.
- Anil asked if this is something we should add to the list for the following upgrade? Artur answered we should focus on current upgrade, and then figure that out. 
- Artur talked about a new [issue #77](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/78). This involves updating templates.
- Anil wants to delete redundant issues, and then mark "P1" for most important issues. Artur migrated issues, and is still in the process of migrating the rest of the issues. Andrey needs to help with that.
- Luna requested to close [issue #5](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/5). This has been fixed in his mind.
- Anil had the group marks issues as "P1" and "P2".
- [issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) is ***"P1"***.
- [Issue #22](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/22) needs to have a versions added for Keplr, Ledger, Akash, etc.
- [Issue #23](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/23) is ***"sev1"***. This needs to be done before network upgrade.
- [Issue #10](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/10) is "sev2". This needs to be done by Andrey. 
- Issue #71 is "P2". 
- [Issue #59](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/59) is a weird issue. We cannot fix this, until CosmosSDK updates a dependency. This is ***"sev1"***.
- Artur talked about [issue #4](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/4). We tried this last year, but it did not work. We need to fix this issue, test it, and try again. 
- Anil asked if this work was connect to the Akt 2.0 work? The work is related but not blocked by this. 
- Anil mentioned that the parameters may change for inflation calculator.
- Luna talked about a [PR](https://github.com/akash-network/provider/pull/86) for cert manager support. The PR adds new annotations. Artur will look at this PR, and merge soon. 

### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #23](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/23)
- [Issue #59](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/59)
- [issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)

### Action Items

- Artur is going to put more description into [issue #77](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/77). 
- Anil going to help with templates for [issue #78](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/78).
- Anil to check on [issue #5](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/5) before closing.
- Artur will investigate and update strategy for [issue #59](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/59).
- Artur is going to update the readmes for the Node and Provider repo for people looking to get started. Anil created an issue for this.
- Artur will look at [PR](https://github.com/akash-network/provider/pull/86).


# *Transcript*

n/a
