
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 15, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://tfn3d5ugftenriej2hhfsb7jmvtmnq6x2zubkej4kszlhlfrcewq.arweave.net/mVux9oYsyNigidHOWQfpZWbGw9fWaBURPFSys6yxES0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Pablo Estrada
- Ron Heiblum
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Notes

- Artur walked throught the support repo from the last two weeks.
- Artur shared feedback about issue #22. Nothing that can be done about this right now.
- Artur talked about Issue #81. Artur is resisting bringing in 3rd party tools. Support is a big issue or updates will be a challenge? Artur asked who would maintain it?
- Artur mentioned that development documents should be done by this week, and then the group can discuss it.
- Once docs are published, issue #81 may not be needed. This issue is labeled "needs-verification".
- Artur removed the tag "kind-needs-verification'.
- Some issues are marked for Andrey, and he is not available. 
- Artur talked about issue #34 about documenting MTLS proxy.
- Anil asked if Scott was working on MTLS documentation. Scott is not working on it currently. 
- Artur discussed issue #82. The message is a little bit cumbersome right now. This is a "sev2" issue.
- Artur discussed issue #62. This issue needs to be validated. It will be added to the network upgrade v 0.22.
- Artur talked about issue #70. This issue was assigned to Scott. Anil marked this issue "P2".
- Issue #24 is an issue that is low priority. Artur will find the fix. This is "sev2". 
- In regards to issue #22, Artur does not think it is a cert issue. This is a good example of needing template, because more information is needed to diagnose the problem.
- Artur added a comment to issue #22 asking for for information. 
- Artur talked about issue #44. This is a good idea, but low priority so it is marked "P2".
- Pablo joined the conversation and Artur readdressed issue #81. 
- Artur shared the developer setup on https://github.com/akash-network/provider/tree/main/_run.
- Scott and Artur are working on documentation which is outdated. This should be done by the end of the week. 
- It is in the provider, even though it works with Provider and Node. Config documentation should be kept in provider. 
- Overclock Labs cannot maintain Tilt. Pablo mentioned that the issue can be closed. 
- Artur recommended the issue can stay open until after the documentation is done.
- Anil asked if there was an issues that the community can help with right now? Artur and Anil talked about issue. 
- Pablo is interested in taking on the issue that Anil will create. 
- Artur suggests that any questions should be posted in the Github issue. 
- Anil talked about issues that are in the console report. There have already been contribution from the community.
- Luna asked: "any ETA on a new akash-network/node tag? Any news on Cosmos' side?". Artur has no answer, and he is blocked as well. Artur is looking to get an answer in the next couple of days. 

### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #23](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/23)
- [Issue #59](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/59)
- [issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)

### Action Items

- Artur is going to look into issue #62 prior to network upgrade.
- Artur and Scott to finalize developer setup documentation by end of week. Issue #81 can be reassessed after developer setup documentation is published. 
- Scott is going to focus on issue #70.
- Anil is going to make an issue for IP issue. This could be a "good first issue" for the community.  



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Artur Troian: Of.

Tyler Wright: Great welcome to six support meeting number four. Again, this is a biweekly meeting where we go over issues in the support repo with a focus on issues that have been added in the previous two weeks. And we the group comes together to talk about those issues and then puts severity or priority on them and triage is them. So with that further ado, I'll pass on to Archer to get us going.

Artur Troian: All right, everyone. quick as the quick recap on the actually, do we have to do the recap or another great or we actually discussed that all on the C chain.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Anyway,â€¦

Anil Murty: I think.

Artur Troian: Sorry here.

Anil Murty:  sorry, I was adding a good on the recap, my sigiation would be we just worry about the ones that are not prioritized just filter down and then,

Artur Troian: All right. Okay um yes. So they're just before we go to treasion, new issues, a couple of days on the ledger.

Artur Troian:  The, there's an issues yesterday with the pump certificates.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, it's actually new. Um, all right.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, no, this is not the one. Yes of this is pretty much been prioritized nothing we can do at this moment.

Artur Troian:  I don't remember. Anyway, yeah, let's move one. So what is this one? Don't want environment for new car commerce? Yeah, so we discussed it yesterday.

Artur Troian:  What? Yeah, just I see the Eastern now. So historically, we used to have the Development environment. Done. The My files. And a bunch of scripts and just reason for that is is simple to do it locally. um, And I'm sort of. Kind of resisting incorporating. You know, any third party things just for number of reasons? And support, right? Let's say we make some new features. Let's say new IP operator. For. costume, it's way more easier to implement expansion to the development environments. You know, using make file and scripts.

Artur Troian:  Are and then quickly test it and we use it actually on the hubci actions as well to spin up. Kind clusters set it up and supports so how those those things looks great. This is the question is, who is going to maintain it? So let's let's hold on it until We published finalize, our developmentations, we should be able to do that this week in regardless of developments, and All of them. We got going to discuss it. I know the mic file is.

Artur Troian:  Conversation by. Once again, I can see that, you know, they use and make here. so, most probably Once we published that, this thing won't be needed. so, there is

Artur Troian:  Let's put a new label on. Here.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  All right. You know, where?

Anil Murty: Hey, is there a difference between the needs verification and the kind slash needs? Verification flags.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Yeah. Actually, I'm going to remove that one. The kind I think it was moved from.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Artur Troian: When you get issues migrations from not to the

Artur Troian:  support Reaper, and that's Yeah, one is actually I think. Okay. So that one is verification conversation. I think that's an Angie need to do anything.

Artur Troian: Let's play. I find nobody. Oh yes, I wanted prioritize. We are working for this rapidly that Cosmos 46.

Artur Troian:  That one is good.

Artur Troian:  Okay. Let's see, Indian label. Oh yes. So that one is pretty much I believe. There used to be documentation for this particular saying just right away when we implemented pencil, as we used to have mgls documentation explaining how it works and why you need that you just need to find out.

Artur Troian:  The container. Yeah, no good.

Anil Murty: Like what's gonna Mtls one maybe for Scott. Scott, is that something that you're planning to document, as part of the documentation effort, you've got going

Anil Murty:  I know it's already implemented by Joe in console. What? Okay.

Scott Carruthers: So they feel the Mtos proxy.

Anil Murty:  Yes.

Artur Troian: Wait. I was talking. Oh, this is proxy. Okay, yeah, sorry about that. I 3 For that, this little talking about proxy. Yeah, we haven't done I don't think he's done anything for that.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, Anil maybe.

Artur Troian:  Yes.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, it's not anything that's really been on my radar or or to-do list so far because I'm just documenting the core Akasha node and provider. Services code basis, but if we need some documentation around Mtos, so we can definitely do that. So, yeah, short answer as it's not anything that's been on my radar so far, but we can definitely Discuss, if you need me to work on them.

Anil Murty:  Okay, no worries. Let's give you

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah. Okay.

Artur Troian: Alrighty. This one so which will happens is on this issue.

Artur Troian:  And provider is actually out of resources. So how it works deployment is up and running provider. I have to have Resources. To do a reservation. During update there should be like a spiral sources for to be put into pending mode. The provider is cool. It pretty much Are should not should react update transaction. So right now the messaging is a little bit cumbersome. I would say we need to address it and fix it. It's not like high priority in this moment, but we definitely definitely would be good to fix it. So I'll put it for now as, as to and once we have a capacity or someone else,

Artur Troian:  Takes it. On this one. See, so this is the old one. It's actually would be good to validate it. I will put Stuff to learn that. And I will include it in. Network, raise your 0.22 and see if it actually, you know, she will relevant and so if you need to fix it,

Artur Troian:  On the right state machines. Yeah, I think this is the part That. Hasn't been done pretty much the big on how Transactions and different states, only through the acoustic machine Scott I think is gonna be probably the you you're going to be the best target for that. So you were documenting the different Uh, states of the Akash, not as well as the provider. So I think you probably gonna be looking to that.

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah, I can definitely take a look at this one.

Artur Troian:  Yeah. Okay. I'll assign it on you there. Okay.

Artur Troian:  And I think we've done is this. Let me just, there's one particular issues we discussed yesterday. Um, Frankly, saying I don't remember the issues numbers related, just Let's see.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, so just like entire picture on this subject. We use.

Artur Troian:  We just created and created into generate private key for that. And private key is Sort of recorded using signature from the account.

Artur Troian:  We used pretty old implementation from the Gunlang Style library and it was deprecated couple versions ago. And go, and it's actually going to be evicted pretty soon, so we need to fix it. I actually have a fixed for it using so, partial library. However, That library you. So there is a version conflict between one dependency that is in use by that library as well as custom SDK and Cosmos apk. So actually tender mean is using really old version of it. So that causes conflict and

Artur Troian:  I think the customer means started using new version language, so I have to check here if it you know, if they updated dependency, you probably going to be able to include that fix into Next network upgrade, it's not already like to the network, right? But it's just a fix to the CLI as well as the encoding of the certificates. So private keys. And also all the implementation of library that we used. I wasn't actually secure enough, so it's not like much of the concern at this moment, but it would be good to fix it. So, anyways, I will try to find the implementation. I done, and come and go. And let's say, if I can,

Artur Troian:  Revise it and make it working. As well as.

Artur Troian:  So yeah, that should fix all those issues, pretty much. And Yeah, that's that's it. I think. Now I will put actually on myself

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Generate only the issue number 24.

Artur Troian: It's number 24. So the issues ledger. So there are two things, right relating that so that is the pretty much happening with the multi-seq. So there are a couple boxes that we will fix it, the legend one. I have no idea. The certificate issues are holding seven. Oh sorry guys. I

Artur Troian:  I was talking about issues and I realized I opened it in Utah and he didn't share the screen story about that one second. Um yeah, this is the issues. I'm talking about the 24. Yeah. Um, I left comment yesterday about that. So anyways, Yeah, I'll recover the, the fix. I revisit see if it works and then this issues should do to go. I just put the severity on that. I will include it in milestone.

Artur Troian:  In regards to the ledger, this one. It well, so I'm not sure it's actually related to the certificates itself. It seems to me that there is some issues with the ledger Mmm, so that's actually really good. Use case of the issues templates. So for example, when the issues, Is right into legendary, We need to know a You know, a custom version. What the firmware version of the ledger? What the cosmos sdk? What the version of the up of the cosmos? SDK on the ledger. So there's just it's not enough information. um, so let me just look

00:15:00

Artur Troian: Here.

Artur Troian: Client. And yeah, so yeah we need to think about the templates. Okay, just cases. Once again, there is nothing we can do about that. We don't want to spend time on reproducing because like we have an idea. What version? What the cost as was actually? Yeah, that's a good.

Artur Troian: Okay, I think we've done is that. Let me just double check if you have any label issues. Yeah it's only those. I think it's pretty much needed to be done by either Scott but I can Oh yeah.

Anil Murty: I mark, this is a P2.

Artur Troian: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Because I don't think it's a super important.

Artur Troian: I understand. Um oh yeah. Exports all deployments and grasses to the container.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that's actually good point last for that. Let's put a P2 and that that's actually good to have but it wouldn't happen in your son. When she instant machines and you've done that. Okay, actually put the contention sorry we missed actually here and that's already on Scott. Um, okay, so we should be

Artur Troian:  Yeah, we have I believe all the issues. Any questions?

Anil Murty: Yeah, I just a comment, I see that. Pablo is on as well so I don't know if you want to get his in on the specific issues that he submitted,

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  In given the development. Yeah.

Anil Murty:  Yes, I don't know about talking about it.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, so just a little crap on that. So we have, let me show you what.

Artur Troian:  You have why? So we have pretty much development environments that we use that working, they they're bit of missing things that in in the my local machine that needs to be pushed. Along with the GPU. But so we pretty much have Development environments set up that we use to use for like us two years and it's proven to be working and we pretty much want to stick to that polish for a number of reasons. First of all,

Artur Troian:  it's really actually flexible for us to use on, local environments. It spins up the validator. That acts as well. As you know, provider using has been on the community responsibility. Use it extensively for implant integrations and testing on the github actions. You can find sort of information here.

Artur Troian:  There are a bunch of MIC files as well as dedicated configurations. So, for example, the cube is pretty much spins up, the current cluster, and provisions it installs, all of necessary, operators of the investments and so forth. So, the documentation, however, on that is a bit outdated as most of things changed. And squadron myself or working on that. So we should be having documentation with all the cleanup in regards to this development environment. Done by end of this week, It located in the provider. However, he is related to both provider and node. The reason we put that in the provider is Well, so

00:20:00

Artur Troian:  Provider is using it needs. A carbiner is to, you know, any chain and all the things. So we decided it actually makes sense to keep to, you know, prevent configuration. It makes sense to keep that all in the in the provider. So we will be covering that aspect in the documentation as well. So but pretty much if you go, let's say

Artur Troian:  In the common, there's a button configurations. Setting up all huge amount of variables testing all the aspects, multi-seek keys and so forth. So for example, if you go let me put it this way.

Artur Troian:  She go, for example, metabolic integration. It sets up the AP addresses. Than if you go customize, the configure, each AP operator, sorry each operator like there's no provider and so forth. So once again, this all will be covered in in the presentation. We will explain what to do pretty much right now. There is a if we go one second, I believe this is here. Yeah, so right now we can do

Artur Troian:  Spin-up clusters set up all of the things in one command. It's you might make kind of clusters set up and it will do all the job for you. It just need to connect it. So yeah, we will be providing that soon. And after that you'll see if this issue from from you guys even sealed is actually makes sense to to keep moving. If you think if there's a actually demand to use it just the biggest concern for us and question is who's going to maintain it? We unfortunately cannot maintain it from inside our local labs because it's gonna be true overall and keep multiple environments. But anyways, if there's a demand that woman, somebody going to maintain it. Yeah, no problem. But let's wait until we presentation and then we can discuss it.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, that, that makes sense to me. I I was not aware of all the, all the tooling you had on the provider repo because I was just like reading the, the code for for like the first month this month. So if,â€¦

Artur Troian: It.

Pablo Estrada: if it's something that it's going to be too much, I think we can just probably close the issues now and and we can reopen if there's a need because this is basically doing precisely what you just show me. Which is like setting up a cluster and binding, all the service into one thing. the, the only like, Small value that I could add, it's just a better visual separation of the laws, but I don't think that that should be like, a big big win for the amount of time that will take to maintain this and upgrade versions and things like that, right?

Artur Troian: Yeah, I just want you example. So here's the Github CI, that we use to do and turn that same, and it's all actually works here. So, you know, presentation images does complete configs, the environment kind, Operate installs operators So it's all there just. Yeah, just lots of the presentation. So we're gonna do it. Let's keep this issue. Open until we do that, you're gonna test it if you know, maybe there's something you want to in particular to add, but I think it should cover all the use cases.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, yeah. Sounds good. Yeah, thanks a lot better.

Artur Troian:  yeah, from all right.

Artur Troian:  I think, yeah, I'm more questions.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and Neil.

Anil Murty: I guess maybe just a quick one for you. Author is okay. Can you think of anything that's like a super low hanging fruit from the list of issues that if somebody else wants to tackle or tackle, or do we just need to wait until we have good documentation and setting up.

Artur Troian: Oh, do you mean from the environments?

Anil Murty:  No, just any issues literally.

Artur Troian:  Yeah. Well, so what is important? We actually it's pretty much all being either done or on the way to be done. the only few things let me

Anil Murty: I thought there was one issue that you and Adam were talking about during the week is like, exposing the IPO Ipleas or something. I forget now what it was Yeah.

Artur Troian:  Oh yeah, IP addresses, we are environment variable. Um, Well, yeah, I don't have the issues for that. So the task is once again, I don't know if someone wants to look at that because it involves couples things actually deep understanding of the code base. But if anyone wants to look at that, I'm happy to create issues really. So, basically, right now, if the, you know, The deployment is using IP address. There is no way for deployment at this stage to know what is external IP of that deployment is and some deployments needed. so what we came up so far is the best idea would be to provide

00:25:00

Artur Troian:  Employment with environment variable, I've been contain these stuff like the addresses that least to deployment. It's relatively it's not like difficult to get it just needs to see and Find it, find it, find the code base and hold it. Needs to It. Involves working with the IP operator, and the wider deployment. So, if someone like comfortable knows goodbyes a bit, that should be pretty easy to do. I just don't have time to, you know, sit and it's probably show the use cases. How how the All the AP address goals from the AP operator to the wire. But yeah, we need to. We need to open issues for that. Let me just

Anil Murty: I can make the issues. I think I have the context on it.

Artur Troian:  Okay, yeah yeah. So it needs to go operator. First.

Artur Troian:  From here. And then the most probably need to add extra point to the operator to get. I'll try I think we have IP addresses and one summer here. Yeah, one second.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, it yeah. I think Yeah, over here, we can get the

Artur Troian:  IP addresses to the list because so the IP addresses are stored in this CRD for each deployment. So we can actually, you know, if I actually see the AP addresses um, Yeah, let's create an issue.

Anil Murty: Colder channel or something. And then if anyone interested in picking it up, we can provide more context.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, I would be interested in picking it up. I think it. It will help me like understand the code with and I can have like a specific task.

Anil Murty:  Awesome. Yeah.

Artur Troian: Yeah, cool. That that would be fantastic. Yeah. Just don't. So we don't expect probably too much communication from myself within the next few weeks. If Yeah.

Pablo Estrada: Now, no problem. Yeah, I don't want to get in your guys way. Yeah.

Artur Troian: No, that's that's all right. The best will be to if you you know, if you have any questions Pause that in the issue. And then someone will responded, because if that goes into your score is gonna be lost. I may not see, but in the issues, you know, the other one myself or someone else and it'll be easier to provide or even Anil. So yeah.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, perfect. Sounds good.

Anil Murty: Hey thanks so much Pablo. Yeah we'll see if he can get you answers right away. Worst case, once we are done with the network upgrade artificial. Awesome time to help you out as well.

Pablo Estrada:  Perfect. Sounds good.

Anil Murty: Could I create the issues right after this call? I just the other thing I want to mention is even though we only focus on core issues in this thing, we have a number of issues in the console repository as well. We don't discuss those here but you know we've gotten few places of feedback since we rolled out console. And in fact we've gotten one community contribution in the last week, so some people in the community actually went and fixed properly file a bug and then fix, So there's a, if there's anybody that's interesting working on the react or typescript side of things, there's a bunch of issues there as well.

Pablo Estrada: Awesome. Sounds good. Thanks Anil.

Artur Troian: Well, all right, Cool. So I think we covered all the issues.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right. As action items. Um artur's going to look into issue number 62 and see if that's gonna be added to network upgrade. There's a issues number 81 that we just talked about and Artur and Scott are going to focus on documentation and the develop and updating the documentation by end of week. And then Scott is going to focus on issue. Number 70, which is in high priority. But that's something that's just been assigned to him. And Anil is going to make an issue for the. We just discussed around IP. And Pablo said, That'll take it on as a first issue. um,

00:30:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, one second there's a question from from Luna so yeah that's a good question. Um, I don't know yet. Frankly we right now testing

Artur Troian:  RC. So, Customer cdk 45.15 is the light. They have issues the state seeing. And there is some like, weird dependency conflict, so I'm checking this customer SDK team on that. I focused once it was all dependency conflict, I'll probably be taking release. I don't know when we all depend on that, I blocked on it as well. So, 27. It may be today, maybe tomorrow, maybe a few days but hopefully soon

Artur Troian: It.

Tyler Wright: Now you're fine. Um yeah that's all the action items that I had coming from. This meeting is that anyone have anything else that I might have missed on the action item side?

Tyler Wright:  All right, cool. I want to pass off to Scott real fast to see if there's any just general support logistical updates or if there's anything from the community or any questions from the community that they want to talk about right now before we head up.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I don't really have anything at this point. So, pretty steady state and obviously our insiders in vanguards are continuing to step up free and several amount of my time. Obviously I'm still staying very engaged and I'm not really aware of any prominent issues going on. within the community, obviously it hasn't been any

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Did anyone else have anything? Any questions or comments that they want to share during the six support meeting?

Tyler Wright:  All right, great. Well again, I'll update the notes and Hoarding and transcript will be made available very soon. So if anybody wants to reference those items again, I'm if anybody has any questions or comments as it relates to the network upgrade, where some of these issues will be resolved, please take a look at the SIG chain recording where you can kind of get an update on everything that's happening with the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright:  All right, there's nothing else. And again, we can get out of here. Thank you all for the time today. Thank you. Artur Neil, Scott for leading this and all the people that joined Cool. Everyone have a great rest of the day. Thank you all again.

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler.

Artur Troian: Thank you.

Pablo Estrada: Nice.

Scott Carruthers: Here.

Meeting ended after 00:34:36 ðŸ‘‹

