

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 29, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- George Pro
- Pablo Estrada
- Poroburu
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Notes

- Artur walked throught the support repo from the last two weeks.
- It was quiet in terms of new issues in the support Repo.
- For issue #73 , the naming has been updated to proper release v.24. Artur wants to match network upgrade to software version. Only the name has changed. 
- Artur would like some help in testing the upgrade. Artur will focus on the environment setup ASAP, and will hope to set up testing by next sig-support meeting.
- [Issue #23](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/23) was popping up in the past a few times. Artur pulled a few updates into the Ledger. A user was able to test this issue. This should be resolved. 
- Migration to the CometBFT is done.
- Artur still owes the environment setup. Hope to have this done by next support meeting.
- Pablo asked if there is a debugger that can be added to an environment. Pablo suggests adding this "how to" in the documentation.
- Pablo has been working on understanding the Provider codebase. Pablo has a solution on where to put the public IP. 
- Pablo's question is around the delay with IP operator. 
- Artur mentioned that it does take a couple of seconds to get to IP Operator. The lease may be open by the time. IP operator creates a CRD for every lease. This could be a way to get the IP address.
- Artur is looking to see if IP Operator can connect with IP client. This is the preferred approach.
- Artur mentioned the Pod may be shutdown when services are added. 
- Andrey suggested "k8s's configmap injection"
- Artur asked Pablo if he can research how to add a pod variable without restarting the pod. This is the first thing that needs to be solved. 
- Pablo suggests a small container inside of the pod, as a microservice.
- Andrey mentioned mounting variables to a POD.
- Andrey will work on issue #80. This is low priority.
- Andrey is working on issue #31. This is a governance parameter. Andrey will test on 
- Andrey talked about issue #49. Andrey wants a push button solution to test new version of network and statesync.
- Artur mentioned there are few challenges with this. Cosmos SDK had some issues testing statesync. Akash needs to incorporate the scripts from Osmosis team. Statesync is very sensitive. 
- Artur would like to github action within Node repo. This action should be triggered manually. There should be a matrix of states to test statesync on. 
- Artur wants the solution to be used for network upgrade. 
- Scott mentioned that it has been quiet across discord. 
- There were a lot of inquiries around providers over the past couple of months, but those questions have slowed down.
- Insiders are helping getting new users test AKT. This replaces the faucet.
- Scott mentioned the future being around the Sandbox test environment. 
- Scott mentioned Andrey and Damir were working on an issue around crashing provider pods. This have been solved. He was using old versions of Helm.
- Insiders continue to step up to handle all forms of support. 
- Rodri agreed with Scott. 

### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #23](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/23)
- [Issue #59](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/59)
- [issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)

### Action Items

- Artur will follow up with Pablo on [issue#84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84) in Github. 
- Pablo will look into Kubernetes documentations to see if there is a way to add a variable to POD without closing the lease for [issue#84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84).
- Andrey will put his suggestions in Github for [issue#84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84).
- Andrey and Artur will sync offline to talk about statesync and issue #49. Ticket is assigned to Artur. This is important as apart of the [Network Upgrade- issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73).


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Well, welcome to SIG support biweekly. This is number five. The typical agenda is Artur, a Neil and some folks from the Overclock team will lead through the support repo, focusing on issues from the previous two weeks. We'll look to triage and prioritize those issues and see if any of those issues can be designated to anybody from the community. So, without further ado, I'll hand it off to Artur to get us going and I'll take notes in the background.

Artur Troian: All right. Hello everyone. so,

Artur Troian:  Yeah, the proceeds They were a little bit quiet in terms of submissions of new issues. Internally, we are from the corpus particular menu focused on upcoming network grade as well as GPU support. So, if you think over here, let's start from the just Heads up on that, on that issues. Number 73. initially, I named upgrade as 0.24 but then I

Artur Troian:  When I needed to 22 it was like sort of hiccup from my side I totally forgot. It released Akash node 0.22 a couple months ago and wouldn't pretty much trying to do is to march up, great name to the software version. And the next software version of Akash node will be 0.24. So I reverted it back a great name back to 0.24 once again, it changes nothing but name so that was a once again, a bit of hiccup, sorry about that. In terms of features to that. Nothing once again changed, we have pretty much included what all things we need to disagree, so we should be starting it soon.

Artur Troian:  The thing we might need actually help from the community is testing. However, I will need the first of all, the great issues about the test environment and describe what we need to do. So try to make it by end of this week and then we can create over the next support meeting. in terms of on you, a few issues that have been resolved One of them was related to the aussied our gas fees that will be included in the medical grade and

Artur Troian:  Some folks over unable to create. certificates with

Artur Troian:  UCLA's ledger. UM, and

Artur Troian:  we pretty much have two things. Number one is, let me just try to find this. Yeah, this one. Uh, this issues was popping up in the past couple times and From my, from what I can say that it's some weird drinking issue.

Artur Troian:  Updates into the leather support. Thanks to this user guy. He was able to help us. Tested. And it seems to be that this issues following result. So the user was able to create the certificates and so forth. So that part is, I'm glad that we are, wasn't it and migration to the community. It's been done. So nothing new from that, in terms of the new issues. Once again, there is nothing new to triage, I believe.

Artur Troian:  This one is a steel. I still owe the development environments. We going to have a call with Scott tomorrow or and I will Pass over to him on all the information, I have about existing development environments. So my hope is that we will be able to resolve this issues by the next support meeting. Any questions so far to that?

Pablo Estrada: I just wanted to add a small thing on on the dotsâ€¦

Artur Troian:  Or.

Pablo Estrada: if it was possible to include a way to probably like attach a debugger or something on that end to to a existing development environment. If you guys know how to do that, that would be super helpful for me because right now, I'm working on that other issues. And I'm having a bit of issues to attach a debugger since they're like, multiple services spin up. Right? So, just that small thing, yeah.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Um, that's actually interesting. I use that a lot and I haven't had a niche like for probably four years was that? Yeah, there are multiple services. However, well, it Frankly, it comes to the way you your local environment. Is I use. I know it's probably Confession. But I used that Brian's. Go lands for go development. And pretty much much is the source code to the planet is not delve and you know run let's say provider or any IP operator or hostname operator with our orientatory. It's much as the sources easily and I can if I need to break point or do some any other bugging,

Artur Troian:  If you have issues with that, we can progress at some point you know single flying and all might prove you how to do it but unfortunately it won't be this week. Definitely. But once again there is no like we haven't had any issues attaching the dial debugger to debug any of the services.

Pablo Estrada: Here, it sounds good.

Artur Troian:  Okay, all right. So, yeah, that's pretty much I would say it for me. I don't have any anything to cover on this subject. Once again, all the issues that we have right now, are they? They have been trashed, they all labeled unless anyone have any suggestions or questions.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you, Artur. Um, I know the Pablo you've been working on issue, I think you kind of talked about it. Now, do you want to spend a second or two talking about what you've been working on and don't feel obliged?

Pablo Estrada: Sure. Yes. So Right now. Like most of my time has been like reading the provider code base, basically understanding how it all like hooks up together. And

Pablo Estrada: Variable. So that's where I was thinking about where I could add the new public iPS. the only question I had is like, I'm not sure if I can have guarantees that at that point. If I like call the any of the IP operator,

Pablo Estrada:  Client services that I can get like if that's like something synchronous where I can like immediately get the IP or if like there's some type of condition that I need to wait for to ensure that the IP has already already been leased, right? but,

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's correct. So once and there's a bit of delay between IP operator. SO deployment starts without waiting for IP operator. And you know, it takes some time for a peer operator to get IP address because needs to speak is the roller through the BGP and so forth. That might take some time like a few seconds, maybe more. Anyways, so you're deployment made might be up but that by that time So that is actually a synchronous. I need to check, I need to check the code base. I believe IP operator. Notifies. The the cube client about its that there's AP address. So,

Artur Troian:  If not we obviously have to make it The the issues is this stage, I believe. Yeah. So number one is the IP operator creates custom creates a CRD for the abilities. On pretty much like for every IP address for every actually least they're going to be ideally, crd that's gonna contain information about it, the addresses and how the advice to the services. That's number one number, So that we could use that as a way to, you know, to get the IP address. Another thing is I'm not sure I need to check it. I believe the IP operator client. So the IP operator.

00:10:00

Artur Troian:  And notify IP address client through the WebSocket that I say, Hey the IP address for this particular. This has been located. I'm not sure it's been implemented. I just need to double check it. It's been a while. But that's pretty much the approach. I think we need to go. Another way. Is that the Cube client could probably pull AP operator for the AP addresses but I don't think that's. That's a good way to do it. Anyways here it needs to be

Artur Troian:  And also yeah let's probably once again take it into the github discussion. I'll try to locate some time and you know gather all the information you need and post it on the github. I'm just once again slightly Parked with the existing things related to GPU and network, right? But I'll try to come back with as much information as I can swim.

Pablo Estrada: Impresses right.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah, that's that's correct. I think that's correct. Yeah, I need to The problem is that is when you do deployment update or stay full state of day, it will restart the port and we don't want it. That's the issues. So we need to find out the way, how to how to do it. That's that's the biggest concern, right? Because when you do deployment of day, the Kubernetes will start bored, which is needs to termination of the service and we want to avoid that. So it needs to be someone carefully. Designed might be well, yeah and the problem is the config map injection. It's still

Artur Troian:  It's the problem. Is it reads value from the config map at the start of the port? So if you even if you change the config map, we still need to restart the board because the value of the will be located in environment where able and it's been red during the the container start. So yeah, it's it's sort of tricky station actually. Yeah. Pablo if you could that would actually probably the best point for you to start. if you could find see the either anyway, To update. Board environment variable without restarting the board. I mean, I can see the way to do it, but it's probably a hug and I want to probably avoid it.

Artur Troian: So, see if you can, you know, just go through the keep reading is documentation because this is the very first thing we need to solve before going any further. so, we need to We need to update.

Pablo Estrada: Here, sounds good.

Artur Troian: The environment variable with the list of IP addresses. Regard to start in the container. So that's the probably the key thing. Yeah, if you could just go from that and check the Kubernetes presentation on either an issues way to do it.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, the only one way I was like thinking right off the bat right now it's but probably could be an overkillist to just like speed up a mini service, like a small container or inside the pot that just like listen for things and write into the Into the host. Right.

Artur Troian: Well, the problem once again, the problem is that what's the context on of environment variable, right? Because so, if

Artur Troian:  Let's say.

Artur Troian: If you started. The through the show the existing processing processes. They won't get it. That's the problem. So anyways here it's Yeah,â€¦

Pablo Estrada: Mmm. Yeah.

Artur Troian: and you go ahead.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I was just like checking on the Internet. It looks like like Normally you could not really change the environment variables inside the Pod, wants to start this correct. But like with config maps or the secrets you could actually try mounting them as a file and once once you change the config map then you can cut this file and it should render the change. So if you can mount, the config map is a problem as a director.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: I think it looks like to be possible. It's a bit

Artur Troian:  Okay. That's, that's a good. Yeah. So the question. Well, okay. Actually, that's a good point. Honestly, we could. Yeah, another way we could do it once again. Yeah. Let's let's have a discussion in the Github because there are seems to be multiple ways. Thanks MDA for the suggestion. Yeah. So what we could do is we could then have a config map that is mounted to the dock to the port. And we could update that config map and what what this service deployment has to do is just in monitor that file so we can make the name of the file. You know, consistent, it's pretty much going to be environment, we're able, but in the file and it's actually way easier.

00:15:00

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that's actually really good suggestion because we could watch the the service could watch for the file changes. And once we write IP addresses, the service will immediately get notification that the file has changed, and it can pull the AP address. That's actually really cool suggestion. I like it. Um, yeah, let's put that in the, in the issues and then You'll go from there.

Pablo Estrada: Nice nice. Thanks guys. Sounds good.

Artur Troian:  Alrighty.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Um I know that Andrey hasn't been here the past couple of six support meetings because of other conflicts. I just wanted to see because they know previously there was some things that are tagged with Andre and I just want to give him the opportunity if you wanted to speak to some of those items because I know we've walked over them in the past so that we can let Andrew speak when he's here.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I mean like the issues assigned to me under the support people. Okay. So I've been cleaning some earlier today andâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Exactly. Yes.

Andrey Arapov: I see, I can see only three left one is for documentation, that I will take care of is not the highest priority. So the next one is about the order, Max Beats. I think it's something. We should address sooner or later.

Andrey Arapov: Just like at some something. Yeah.

Artur Troian: And we want to let me share this conversation, closed issues. So no one saying actually done one second.

Andrey Arapov: So after a few, you can just check sort by assigned to me.

Andrey Arapov:  Sign Andy. Yeah. So the first one is documentation, has something I just need to like you know, Polish slightly and move to the docs. And 31. Next one is about the order, Max Beats. It's something related to, you know, the last time I was testing it. It looks like the provider was sending the transaction and then from the transaction, I could see that it reached the Max order bits parameter. That's a governance parameter. I think some space market.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah, that's actually that's a good one. We need to. So the provider keeps sending the beats, right?

Andrey Arapov:  Sorry.

Artur Troian:  So provider keeps sending beads.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah it was the like the last time when I was sorry like was long time ago when I was checking the version all 16 of provider, I don't know if it's happening again because I think the latest versions they don't even report much of information, what they do but we can test it still but I kind of believe that it's still a case there so so yeah.

Artur Troian: Okay. Okay.

Andrey Arapov: But yeah.

Artur Troian: Yeah, you give the check on the latest provider. If maybe, you know, it's been the local testnet and just those

Andrey Arapov:  Yeah, yeah. We'll do. Okay, so on the next one is issues 49. This one is that we, you know, when we release newer version of the product we need to make sure that state sync is working each time. We like basically as I see it we need to have some simple say push button solution where we can specify. Hey test this like new newer version of The network and test the stating, and there you go. I see this is a separate repo like under maybe a cache network, we can make it public and simple GitHub action, that would be running, you know the version of Akash note that we want to run and would just like try to run it first like bootstrap and then run state sync or for it something, something like that.

Artur Troian: Um yeah, we need to test it. I think we should, we need pulling you to do such a different way on

00:20:00

Artur Troian:  There are two two, a few challenges for that. Number one is upcoming version, right? So for example, the Cosmos ck45.15, they had some issues testing states seeing I think what we have to do is the first of all. The state sink need to be tested on different. States, including the Minot. And the first of all, we need to incorporate the scripts from Osmosis team. The way, they pretty much what you can do is. Take existing state alter, the validator said, but you have the whole data set and then stays in from there because State seen is sensitive to

Artur Troian:  To the state, and we can have various issues with that. So we can, you know, fail by many reasons. I think what we have to do is I would rather have Github action with saying, not repo. And that github action has to be triggered, either manually. Or on the risk candidates, I think. And if you have this multiple, you know, the matrix of states that we're going to test on. That's that's my my idea on that.

Artur Troian:  Because the state scene is, I would say the core functionality of the node. So they don't, I don't see reason to have a separate report. We can only. Have several people if you Need to run periodic states. for the main thing. But once again, it doesn't help us with the upcoming version of those, especially for the network of great. Um, so let's give it a thing. Let's see. Because you fly on that. I have some Scripts from osmosis that, I need to incorporate into the Akash node and actually I want to do it before we fire 0.24 network operate.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Okay.

Artur Troian:  So we, yeah, let's let's go get back to you sometime next week and try to solve it. But, yeah, I really wanted to be as a part of Akash node. Well, it doesn't have to be part of Akash node. What I'm just saying, is it has to be incorporated with the gosh, notes, and releasing really making risk in the days from a cautional shoot, trigger, check all these states, is actually functional after network of great. So, this little multiple multiple is actually my pipeline of the tests. So, we need to think it thoroughly and then give the shot.

Andrey Arapov: That makes sense. Okay, I I just added the notes to this ticket icon, refresh on the bottom. I just basically,â€¦

Artur Troian: yeah, you can add me as a sign as well just in case,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: it's Okay.

Artur Troian: so I keep

Andrey Arapov: Okay, thanks.

Andrey Arapov: Okay, and that's all from my side.

Artur Troian:  all right.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andrey. Um, any questions for Andre Arturo? Pablo about anything they discussed with within the support repo.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I think we, before we get out of here, I just want to pass off to Scott to see if there's any updates on anything support related inside discord or otherwise he wants to share.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I would say it's been been rather quiet on the on the support front. I didn't know that Rodrigo is here. I think our loan representative from the insiders team so rivalry, be interested. If you have any, any thoughts, as well as you proved the support. Discord channels. But from my perspective it's been pretty quiet recently, especially within the provider. Channels where going back a couple months ago is rather active. I think we just don't have a large number of providers coming on the network right now, so we're kind of in a steady state. So most of the inquiries coming in are rather simplistic and deployment questions and Nothing overly complicated. I the insiders continue to step up in more and more ways. I'm recently. The insiders have actually been taken their responsibility of since, we don't have a

Scott Carruthers:  Online faucet currently and probably won't for the foreseeable future if, if ever at all again. So historically, And it hasn't really been overweight heavy over the last couple of months, but we get requests from time to time for new users, one in some tests, Akt and insiders have now start to take on that responsibility as well. Just enough and those regards and Andy, I'm after you are back for a few days. I want to think we were talking about the sandbox environment and I think we all agreed that that's the future. Instead of handing out test Akt of having the utilizing that sandbox environment which looks like as enough capacity. So we can talk about that like early next week and continue that conversation. But going back to my original point, the insiders are finding more and more ways to step up in the meantime, they've been going out sakt. So another

00:25:00

Scott Carruthers:  Item off my list. So yeah, it's really been steady state. I think probably the most interesting. issues and support right now is one that Andy is working on with Demure shimpa is has an issue IP operator for some reason. When he adds the IP operator attribute, it's crashing. The provider pod. I know that Andy is, yeah, and each you have some

Andrey Arapov: But sorry, just want to clear up the thing. So I basically tested this with the miracle. Hey, everything works fine. So like yeah,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Well, okay.

Andrey Arapov: like no issues at all. He had another issue later on. It's a networking but he has like two routers and he had some like network network called

Andrey Arapov: A broadcast storm or something like this. Some is configuration. So those coming out from one interface coming in through another once and look like, as you can check with him for the details, but he's testing some basically networking related stuff. But other than that he had some issues with the leftovers from previous versions of health charts. They were installing the cluster role for the idea operator and he had those left and like they were an interestingly they were even actually like not even talked that they were coming from the home parts so I just like checked everything andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Andrey Arapov: he removed those two. And after that, he could install without an issues. And so So,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: kind of combination of of things in it. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  Sorry after you, he removed those attributes from the helm charts, he was able to just go through the process and enable the provider attribute.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, like like the main the main obstacle actually two main obstacles that he had is the leftover resources from idea, operator for some reason he had on his cluster, I don't know why. Because usually normally like when you install things is helm install. All resources are getting tagged like with the summer notations and labels that it's managed by helm and things like that and he had those restore resources like just like dangling as Dr. Overs. I actually check my older provider, I had the same, maybe it's related to some previous. I know some old absolutely things from the past, maybe with the new providers,â€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: and everything this issues and the second issues like he needed to bounce, the IP operator because the operator did not get the information from the metal will be probably metal did not get enough time to initialize and so that it's actually another point like if we can make some improvement for

Andrey Arapov:  A IP operator. So, you know if it's some issues or if, for example, the metal will be is not running but evaporator should be like, kind of heal itself without without the need of the user to bounce it, I think That's something that we are missing actually.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Okay, well, yeah, thanks for the update on that. So yeah, like I said, that was probably the most interesting issue support over the last week and it sounds like we Worry about isolate the issue there. So yeah, like I said not not overly high volumes of support right now and the insiders are handling. The volume that's coming in. I continue to check every few hours to make sure that there's not anything going still but it's been rather quiet and insiders are usually on top of things before I get to it. Um, Rodrigo right now to put you on the on the spot if you don't have anything that's fine, but just as our loan insider and anything that you would mentioned from inside support that I haven't mentioned.

Rodrigo Rochin: But I'm right now and we are exit. It's been playing as low andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah. Okay.

Rodrigo Rochin: is where asking for tokens. But other than that, not much.

Scott Carruthers:  Yeah. Okay. Yeah, as I mentioned, once we get this 10 box environment, I'm in able to share that publicly, that will reduce a lot of volume there as well. So see how Tyler, I think that's It from support.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Is there any other issues that haven't been processed yet? But are worth talking about today? Or does anybody have any other questions that they want to talk about with this group?

Tyler Wright:  All right. Terrific. Well again, I've got some action items that I'll follow up with Archer will follow up with some of the things that Pablo has been asking about in the issues. Andrey's also done that. And then Pablo were looking to the Kubernetes documentation to see if there's any possible ways. Around the issues at hand. Again we're gonna continue to march towards the network upgrade. So there will be some other action items that will follow up with next six, support meeting in two weeks, including environment set up and some other documentation. But if there's no other questions then much appreciate everybody joining today. Again notes and recording will be available soon but feel free to ask any questions on discord or again follow up with any of the issues directly in Github with comments.

Tyler Wright:  Again, thank you all again, have a great rest of the day.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Artur Troian: Here's thanks, everyone.

Andrey Arapov: Until later.

Pablo Estrada: Thanks guys. Bye.

Rodrigo Rochin: Feel.

Meeting ended after 00:31:39 ðŸ‘‹

