
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, April 12, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://wbwmlab3uqkothktm2o42zqr4abntstjdhvrn7rpbgzygkizl7na.arweave.net/sGzFgDukFOmdU2adzWYR4ALZymkZ6xb-LwmzgykZX9o)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Andrey Arapov
- Appiah Kwabena
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Joao Luna
- Pablo Estrada
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Artur and Adam want to enforce Conventional Commits https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/. Nice for standarization, and for improving messages.
- There is a standarized header and description to group things.
- Artur walked through the support repo from the last two weeks.
- It was quiet in terms of new issues in the support Repo.
- Artur discussed the Network Upgrade, and all the issues that need to be fixed.
- Artur talked about [issue#88](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/88). The funds from a lease that is closed early go to the grantor, not the grantee. This could be a quick fix. 
- Artur tagged [issue#88](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/88) "P2" in the repo/node.
- Artur talked about [issue#86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/87). This was tagged "doc". This is how docs 2.0 changes are being tracked.
- Artur talked about [issue#87](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/87). This needs to be improved. Artur mentioned that this could be solved with the split of repo.
- Andrey mentioned clarifying the issue. There may be 2 bugs caused by the same commit. 
- Artur said this issue was marked as a bug, "P2".
- Artur and Scott will have final version of envrionmental docs
- Pablo is focusing on the [issue #84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84) for the IP operater. 
- Adam was not sure why the config map is being used. Can you query for the IP address?
- Artur mentioned that IP may not be visible until the deployment is up. 
- Amazon has an endpoint to get information about themselves. Adam feels like that would be more of a standard than 
- Artur will look into why it takes so long to talk to the IP operator.
- A service that can be query-ed is a great idea according to Andrey. It will solve a lot of problems including IP querying and monitoring of providers.
- Luna asked if the IP needs to be running before the deployment.
- Luna mentioned that kubernetes has a new feature for schedule pod. Artur mentioned that this does not solve Provider issue. 
- Luna asked what the state of Network policies on Akash. 
- Adam wants to wait for the IP address to be ready before creating the deployment. 
- Artur mentioned that authentication should not be on the workloads. They should be isolated as much as possible. 
- Provider Microservices should be 
- The deployment manager needs to have a parameter named "IP addresses".
- Pablo asked if the lease can go to a closed state.
- Adam mentioned that timers may need to be expanded out. 
- Damir wanted to talk about Kava program. He mentioned that folks need shell access. This will help with creating a Validator or restoring an old Validator. 
- Artur mentioned cosmos-omnibus is able to pull keys from S3 compatible storage.
- Scott mentioned that there is some confusion around the Kava validator campaign. 
- Support has been steady for the most part, besides the influx of people for the Kava campaign.


### Highest Priority Issues

- Issue #73(https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Artur will look into why it takes so long to talk to the IP operator.
- Adam Bozanich will look at [issue #84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84)
- Adam Bozanich and Artur are going to think about the service as an API server. 
- Andrey I dont think most of the people joining the kava promo have actually read all the requirements or that they are validators or will be in active set, seems like most are just trying to get some free akt.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to SIG support biweekly number six. Again, as usual be the group goes over, any issues that have been added to support repo over the period. Previous two week, period Folks can also ask about any other issues, but again the priority is to look at any issues from prior to weeks and take this time to triage and discuss those issues in the group setting triage them, and then figure out who can contribute to solving the problem. So, without further ado, I'll hand it off to Artur to get us going. I'll take notes in the background.

Artur Troian: But hello, everyone. Right. So across last couple, you don't have too many issues. The current progress on that. Is we still on the way? Of. Network right.

Artur Troian:  I think just look up. We have

Artur Troian:  Covered. All the requests in different grade. So, blue old features that we've wanted to or a bug fixes already in. They're pretty much every agree. Every PR has been attracted through that that issues one thing that actually popped up yesterday. This is the number 88 So what happens is?

Artur Troian:  When? Let's say, account A authorizes, a deployments and work on B. If Liz is closed before money, Exhausted. Let's say they're a couple and left on the balance. Both of them is going to be back to grantor. Nothing not a grantee which complicates process a little bit, we believe. This is a part and has to be filled. Are we going to think if that's something quick we can do or

Artur Troian:  This is something bigger. So, anyways, if that's the week fix, we will include it in the next release You're gonna come along with the network, right? If not, if there's no state changes, we will just roll it out whenever we require solution for it. But yeah, I think it's actually not that. Complicated to fix.

Artur Troian:  And that's pretty good explanation of what's going on the issue. All right, let me just go for it tag. That that is

Artur Troian:  really pronounced. And you will assigning whenever we have spot or anyone knows how to fix it.

Artur Troian:  Going back the documentation. I haven't had chance to look at that yet. Let me go through.

Tyler Wright: If this is actually there's out of the SIG documentation there was a speck that was made and the group is working on led by Luna and his team are working on Documentation 2.0, which involves migrating the docs from Getbook to Hugo which is something that Greg and some other folks have really called for, as well as like updating the structure this ticket is where we will track any design improvements as well as any structure or otherwise improvements. And we'll track these in the comment section of this ticket similar to how we do with network upgrade. But this is something that Luna's actively tracking should be docs.

Artur Troian: All right. Okay. So Luna Van is assigning right. Do weâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Artur Troian: We want Scott assigned as well?

Tyler Wright: Just have Luna myself. Maybe could be a sign in Scott.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I'll have mostly. Don't worry about that.

Artur Troian: oh, Allâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Perfect.

Artur Troian: Do we want the priorities on that? Obviously it's not a market,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Um, Yeah. Yeah.

Artur Troian: never mind. Okay. All right. Then this issues, you break some water.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, so that's this is the known the hair and it's gonna say this is as concerned by design.

Artur Troian:  because, The channel to the shell is opened. We are provider service. We are connect provider process on the provider process is terminator for the reason, in existing shell Channel is going to be closed. That's actually good thing to improve, I believe. But that it's going to be quite Are you sort of thinking it? And we need to

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Think about the so pretty much that. Yeah I say you can just give a second and that issues will be power to send the providers please. As as we think that's the the proper way to do it. Um, so yeah, that's a thing. There is nothing we will do for now. But that's really going to be really good improvement. You had to go ahead.

Andrey Arapov: I just want to clarify a little bit that the list hell breaks. It's clear when the provider service restarts while you're connected on the list.

Artur Troian: okay, so the well then to separate issues, probably how to

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Yeah. And I I mentioned there is like a commit.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: If I roll back, I tried it. Roll back and run the provider services without that commit, or I think it was even a cash back then and it was working after. So, I think this commit that I mentioned is actually, the reason when it was changed, the way, how we monitor and track the releases generally and also like breaks this manifest, deployments track. You can see like there is like some queries I did is JQ. um,

Artur Troian: Thank you very much. How do you reward this? Can mean invest on the different river?

Andrey Arapov:  Wow, it's been like long ago. It was in cash. Oh waiting, I think.

Artur Troian: okay, okay yeah, let's we'll give the thing so for now I will say You'll see then maybe we'll be able to next releaseâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it's required. Some

Artur Troian: but yeah we don't have From the capacity for now.

Artur Troian:  So let me put this is actually the back.

Artur Troian:  All right. Okay. Yeah. If any

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it's actually like let's say a two bucks there but they are all both of them caused by. I think the same commit and I've read it like provider reports that can like you know, display the difference between like all 16-4 and following versions after this commit, and they don't display this manifest, deployments the counter I think it's all related to the command, basically.

Artur Troian: All right. Okay, moving on.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I think this is the one we discussed in children in the chart. Now let's I mean there's a

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, if you want, I can comment on that a little bit, if you

Artur Troian:  We have. All the information about that.

Artur Troian: Here. Yeah, once again, we put a P2 for now.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, but if you sorry if you have any timers on that, this leave them in the issues itself.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Okay.

Artur Troian: All right, and I believe you don't have any issues and assigned very labels.

Artur Troian:  Which luna's? Yeah I think all good here. Okay, any questions?

Artur Troian:  Any issues we need to open anything. Luna from you.

00:10:00

Artur Troian:  Alright, then.

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Tyler Wright:  One action item that I just want to just for clarity's sake. Again, I know that maybe our overclock team Overclock Labs team has been working on a number of things. One thing that we have not put as much attention into and prioritize is the environment setup. We have some internal conversation where Artur in Scott, got most of the way of like, structuring the art of the, the setup, there's a little bit more work that needs to get done before we can start handing off some that developer documentation to folks, like, Pablo I Luna another members of the community. So that's something that's, I know has fallen a little bit through the cracks but something that we're going to catch up on again. I know that our church has been working hard on obviously, everything around the network upgrade as well as GPUs where the insider test that is is almost ready to go in something that we will be having around GPUs.

Tyler Wright:  the community in the coming weeks, so, Go ahead Artur.

Artur Troian: Yeah, just this comment on the developer environments. so, we kind of conversation with Scott and pretty much a short team, a demo. There is a verb. One of the documentation that Scott is pretty much taking as a. Start. There are a few items remaining from my side so that I'll try to do them sometime this week, so we can unbox code and start working on that. Hopefully, sometime, maybe next week, we will be able to share Or something on there. But that's gonna be on Scott's table. How I will be able to do that.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um, Pablo. I know that you've been getting your hands dirty in the support. Do you have any questions or comments that you want to ask while we're all other folks here in six support?

Tyler Wright:  Don't feel blessed.

Pablo Estrada: Yeah, so I'm still like reading through the provider code. So what one thing I'm focusing on the, on the issues that the environment variable issues for the IP operator, So, I think that the the big question I have right now is I found that handler for for the like, Update and create events on the IP operator. What I'm not sure though is if there's a way or or if it's a Correct thing to to call the cube client, from the IP operator, to probably create a config map or something, where we can expose the, the environment variable, with the IP address. the, the main concern I have is that I'm not sure if

Pablo Estrada:  once I am at that point on the hander of the event, if if the the deployment on the other side is going to be ready. because,

Artur Troian: Yeah. Oh yeah.

Adam Bozanich: So I press the right. I also clapper. Thanks for taking on this this test. Yeah, I was reading through The ticket. It wasn't. a nice attention was that we could query the IP address when, and when we're setting the environment variables or the part and it just wasn't giving me like, Why that wasn't like? That's very starting and then and then this thing with the config Matt came up. So just wasn't clear to me, how how we got to there? Not that, it's not totally the gym and I just said, I understand why Like, can you can you query for the IP address when we're creating the The POD configuration in the workload.

Artur Troian: I think the issues that is the IP address, most likely won't be available. Before the port starts. so yeah,â€¦

Adam Bozanich:  Let's see.

Artur Troian: the idea what that so the problem is the environment variable is we need to We have two options, right? We either way or IP address to be allocated, which won't happenâ€¦

00:15:00

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah.

Artur Troian: until this service is up. So that's kind of I mean we probably could actually sort it out, but once again it might take a few minutes. So, we need to restart the part and we decided well, there's another option. We can do this through config maps, so we can actually attach it. Dynamically. And then you could have a watcher inside the port. That was okay. There's a file. JP addresses. So you can get once again it's really like Not the ideal solution. But ideally what we wanted to have is we like to have the IP address before the pawn stars. But I remember from the way we tested it and usually the appearance came out. Sometimes it might take quite a few minutes for that to be allocated.

Adam Bozanich: I see the issues is that,â€¦

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: okay? So I'm still trying to find us that kind of a single solution I just Get with this when you get to say but yeah. So If we don't have the part, Wait, for the IP address. then if software is running in the workflow, that expects an IP address, Like what's supposed to do? Just bail out, you know? so,

Adam Bozanich:  Which is fine. There's a fine pattern to do like you start up. If things aren't ready, then you shut down and then it backs off. And you start again, right?

Adam Bozanich: so,

Adam Bozanich:  yeah, I'm kind of in favor of like Waiting for the IP address to start the POD. Or. Really. You know, like when you're on Amazon, there's a, there's a, there's an endpoint. You can always hit to get information about yourself, right? I'm almost in favor of having that endpoint of like implementing that endpoint somehow that all workloads can hit. That will return. Information about themselves. So that we don't do this, like, so that's more standard than like, some random config maps thing that we're going to. do and have to implement anyways, it just feels Feels nice it out of API endpoint. So I'd say either. Wait. Again. And if we can,

Adam Bozanich:  Consider. Doing an API Endpoint Although that may be harder know that I think about it. Washer.

Artur Troian: Yeah, so he took the API end point. Just right out of my mouth. So yeah,â€¦

Adam Bozanich:  Okay.

Artur Troian: that's that's actually the probably the gonna be the first solution frankly. And another thing is, I, I'll take the technical, look into the IPL is a separator. See why? It takes actually so long to okay, I mean, I can see why because there's a BGP to the rotor and, you know, make sure the Rochin is sad. So, that's, that's takes a while. And depending on the it's like for them, collocation, it may take a while, actually just Together working and for the endpoint. I think it's actually it shouldn't be that. That big of a deal to implement, it is just make sure that we have. You know Mtls probably. So other ports, don't talk, you know, don't get information from the

Artur Troian: Leases, they don't. Blunt tool. And we could have either IP operator to have this API endpoint, or we could just have the, another small service that gonna solve this out, which actually pretty,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: And, youâ€¦

Artur Troian: pretty easy to think.

Adam Bozanich: I think it's there, the issues kind of, isn't like, no matter what we need to, we'll need to configure that endpoint. And that's that important point is just directly talking to me. I guess that endpoint can directly talk to you. We can query cube and I don't want to create another I'm taking that. Yeah, that could work,â€¦

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: you know, it should almost be a sidecar like everything. And yeah, we'll have to figure out a way. We would have to figure out a way. Exactly. As he said to make sure that For kids can only see. Information about themselves and not others.

Adam Bozanich:  I will take and look at doing what you guys have said. I think. Again. like a fast path here to me, seems like We wait for the IP address if there's an IP address. And then you can inject it into the engine environment variables when you're on the workload and then that's it.

00:20:00

Adam Bozanich:  But I don't, I don't know. You know how difficult though actually be good. Given like the the health checks that we have going and things like that.

Adam Bozanich:  I'll take everything and

Tyler Wright: I want to let Andrey speak and then I Luna. I know you had your hand up. Go head. Andre.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I just want to add this having a service that would, like, either that you could query would be great addition. Because it could solve many things, like, one of which is the, like making sure that there is a IP address got allocated, or whether there is like, you know, more storage that doesn't need. But for the IP address, what could be used as well? Is a readiness probe, he's just one or two liner code in deployment or stateful set. It works in similar ways of liveness probe and the written is probably what it does. Basically you can specify even a simple query of that endpoint to check. Hey, did my, you know, IP address got allocated for this release did ID. Like based on this side, the sequence deployment sequence and if

Artur Troian: But yeah, but the readiness crop is implemented. Yesterday's group is implemented by by the workload. Not by Kubernetes just checks it So there's no use for that.

Andrey Arapov: Now, what I meant like it could query that service that is like, you know, some akash service that could just check whether there is IP address allocated. And like if it if it's located then could just like say Hey I'm ready to run and then it runs the the board and what we'll just have this IP address there directly.

Andrey Arapov:  And another thing that it could solve is that like you know I was thinking about the monitoring of this the reports like If you have some something like a web application and it's easy to monitor just like point the monitoring system against the HTTP and our HTTPS endpoint and then there you go or like status depending on the application. But I was wondering like you know, if we had the service with a public endpoints like that, you can publicly public publicly query, the we'll say slash Lisa's Flash please id last status and it would just be able to tell either like true or false, meaning like true. It's up or false is down. That could be also used for like as a means for monitoring. It was an idea.

Adam Bozanich: yeah, we have we have that It's just that the authentication. It requires authentication which there were blood doesn't have access to so we need to change that a bit. Go ahead.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I'd like to add to things first. I understand is the problem that we don't want to work clothes to start until we have An IP,â€¦

Adam Bozanich: I think it so I think that not necessarily,â€¦

Joao Luna: is that.

Adam Bozanich: right? Like, I think it's, it could be okay. If it starts before it before, the IP is ready. But that would require users or tenants to then know that they should bail out. If the IP isn't ready,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Adam Bozanich: which is like, you know, it's it's not It's not unheard of, to kind of do that pattern, you know,â€¦

Joao Luna:  But have you?

Adam Bozanich: more elegant solution to that pattern is, what is what Andrey is talking about? Where you have another container like checks to see if like everything's ready for the container to run. and then,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: the real core issues here is that like, If we started,

Adam Bozanich:  And it's not like Yeah. I think what would that with the pull request turn it was looking to do. was start the pod and then You know, asynchronously, we don't know which one starts first. So, start the pod and then

Adam Bozanich:  Separately when the Appiah address is ready, create a config man and and you know, dynamically change that config map that the pod reads. So the potter will know like what? It's IP address is ready. Like that synchronization is a little bit awkward. Yeah. So

Joao Luna: Yeah, definitely. I haven't quite have you ever actually had the opportunity and any anyone here to read the new Kubernetes release notes, the 127. So there seem that they either it's a new feature orâ€¦

00:25:00

Adam Bozanich: No, I haven't.

Joao Luna: they've improved it, I haven't used it but it's called the scheduled gates which looks like they might solve this or at least to some extent. Be used, which is basically they allow similar to a startup to a readiness probe or like a liveness probe. You can have a scheduled gate which basically tells the scheduler when it can schedule a pot. So it might be interesting to leverage, whichever IP providing service, we use our API and only allow Kubernetes to schedule a pods. If the IP is available Maybe something to take consideration.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Well, this doesn't really cool feature that it still doesn't solve the provider issues as provider will. so at this stage right now does, is it checks if if provider is or if workload is alive and doesn't amount of times and then just closely Causes beat that. Which probably is if folklaud is not up for certain amount of attempt. um, so if we use the scheduled grade provider still Going to closely if IP address location takes longer than the health checks. So, first of all, we need to figure out the provider side of the health checks for use cases, like AP addresses. And I feel like

Artur Troian:  It's not only for IP addresses, it's probably going to be way more broadly used for some other features in the future. So we need to just think about that really carefully on before we move on.

Joao Luna: Okay. Okay. And my second question was regarding something that other mentioned. So one of the solutions you presented involved Mtls, right? So as to make sure other leases wouldn't listen to Whatever traffic is on issues. They don't own And that's something I've been wondering about. And something that I want to look at is

Joao Luna:  What's the state of network policies on a cash network? Is there? Like If is that something that was already designed? Is there or something? That needs to be thought about in more detail, maybe use some like what is it called? The opera, Like the open policy agents or something. So,

Adam Bozanich: we use, we we define network policies that allow Work to allow the

Adam Bozanich:  Workload. Namespaces. They're only can talk to themselves or the outside world so they can't talk to the Kubernetes server. Or other workloads.

Joao Luna:  Okay, so Would there still be a need for Mtls? If, as the

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's a different subject.

Adam Bozanich: You know? Yeah and depends, right? So like if we have one server that that's doing all this stuff and everybody needs to be able to talk about server, And so if it's just one server then and everybody needs to talk to it. Then yeah. Everybody can ask, everybody else's information, right? You do like a sidecar thing.

Joao Luna:  Occur.

Adam Bozanich: Or if you do her namespace that'll really thin server that we inject into the namespace. Then then we wouldn't like it would be okay. but then you start getting into like well you're using resources that are leased by the tenant and it and also it's kind of it could be an avenue for a malicious person to gain access to the Kubernetes server because like

Adam Bozanich:  Because it's like Meditative Server that we're talking service that we're talking about, would need to query Kubernetes. And so, if I have a workload running right next to it, I have access to this namespace. I I can't think exact ways it could happen right now but they could like, you know, start a workload, get a shell into their own workload, which is totally fine. They had and, you know, maybe they can modify their own namespace and it get access like, you know, it's just something that needs to be thoughts or a little bit

Adam Bozanich:  you know, frankly we would need oh man.

Adam Bozanich:  And I don't know anything about it a little bit. so what problem with that too is, you know, even if they can't like like they can one of the reasons we don't want to give people even read, only access to Kubernetes API is because it's really easy to to do it like Denial of service to just flood it with requests and just like, take down the Kubernetes cluster. So, you know, there's a lot of things to be put into into that that route we need to do.

00:30:00

Adam Bozanich: We need to limit the request frequency and things like that. That's why I'm just trying to lean into like Can we just wait for this IP to be ready and then launch the pod, you know, like just to get this thing. Ready. Done with.

Adam Bozanich:  I really feel like that's, that's kind of the most pragmatic direction to go right now. I think some of these things will be easier to solve. Once we do the provider microservice migration, especially they did to these tigers. but, you know, for now just to get this feature out, I would strongly recommend. Figuring out If you can wait for the IP address to be ready before you before you create the deployment.

Adam Bozanich:  Go ahead Archer.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yes. It's kind of the quickest way I think will be for provider. To deal with that. Use case is to have a parameter somewhere in the provider that applies to the lease that the list has IP addresses. So, the IP addresses is there. Do not perform shared or Or extend the amount of checks. House checks if what is alive.

Artur Troian: And then you avoid for use, use the environment variables. As the way to tell for record that there are appear, actually IP address already addresses. And meanwhile we be going to think about the the service. And yeah he's like the biggest biggest. Reason why we won't have dedicated service. The API server for those kind of requests is the Kubernetes is sort of unity from authentication when mobilization. And we just don't want to

Artur Troian: And over Kubernetes authentication and authorization qualities policies to the workloads because the first of all is going to create a brand about for us for from support perspective and the second, there's a lot of mentioned the denial is that really easy to each on the Kubernetes as well as if let's say those parameters are stored as a CONFIGS or whatever CRD is going to be pressure on ATC. And let's is you're going is going to be really easy for what was to create issues in the classical performance. So that's why we want to isolate it as much as we can. Uh, as well as in future, if we, for whatever reason decide to use, not only Cuban leader or something else.

Artur Troian:  You're gonna not be, We will need to implement the feature from the beginning because they're gonna be a service that fully you know, independent.

Artur Troian:  So yeah, if you are, I'll try to to locate you. code parts that, you know, will need to take all For the solution we just discussed. But yeah, to summarize is pretty much the deployment manager needs to have

Artur Troian:  Like extra parameter called IP addresses. And if they recall has a service has a key addresses. The

Artur Troian:  Provider monitor, that monitors, at least you just take it into account and extend on the contents this. So there's enough time for least that IP address. And, and the other things you need to somehow, tell it in the status of the lease. So that tenant knows that. Hey, it takes time to get ideal dress and to start to workload, So we don't think we'll go. Hey I just deployed it and nothing happens. Because it's gonna be but he'll experience.

00:35:00

Pablo Estrada: Sure, sure. Yeah, that makes sense to me. Thanks a lot. Arthur. And what one question, just to understand the current state. So right now, if if I do a lease I can actually like the least can get into a completed state without the the IP being available right now, right? but,

Artur Troian:  Least. Completed state. Give me closed state correctly.

Pablo Estrada:  Yeah, close state. Sorry yeah.

Artur Troian:  Well yeah, so what happens, what's gonna happen if you don't you know do not alter deployment monitor. Is he I don't remember among exact time, Wow? But I think there are amount of attempts that deployment manager does to query the status of the deployment. If that counter, which is certain amount of attempts, it's just gonna kill the needs. And I believe that I think it's five minutes right now and we'll say in getting IP address can exceed that amount. So right now we just want to Do not.

Adam Bozanich: Really. So so honestly like I think that waiting for the IP would almost be better. So we yeah, we understandâ€¦

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: what we're looking at start with and so amount of time that we kill these, right? now, I don't, I think that we might not be checking to see Like if the IP address is available within that period of time which is not correct, right? We should be checking that. So if we stack them, if we make one, You know. The dependent of the animal one require the other and we only need to check one. So like if running then the the workload requires the IP address first. then by checking the workload, we know that the IP address like if the workloads up that we have, the address is that

Adam Bozanich:  Yeah, I would strongly recommend doing it that way. And we may need to extend that time out. There's another issues that Andrey has been talking about also related to these timers. So it's not like it's an area that's like frozen by any means. And we need to make some changes to this area, but I think that I would recommend at least seeing if you can do this way, if you can say that somehow put it in that. You know, find the best way to like kind of wait for the IP address to be ready. and if it's not feasible, or if it's really, really cumbersome, then We can look at other words.

Adam Bozanich:  No. That's because like the most reasonable for the First Avenue.

Adam Bozanich: Awesome. Thanks so much for looking into this. It's really important one and I know it's not not easy, not easy to drive into the code. So thank you so much.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Pablo. Um, again, I'll make sure that Artur's mother, folks. Get to look at that, but I think you have your next marching orders Vivian. If you have any other questions, please feel free to put them inside the ticket, and we'll make sure that somebody get those in questions answered

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone else have any other issues that they want to discuss with the group?

Tyler Wright: Cool, like we kind of do.

Damir Simpovic: sorry, I would Really.

Tyler Wright: Every, I'll go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah.

Damir Simpovic: Forgive me, I just noticed.

Damir Simpovic: So, I'm Can everyone hear me? Okay, so just about this car.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Damir Simpovic: But while later program, It's actually recommended in the documentation to use the console and the Akash console, and that's fine. But most of the new users there, they're not actually proficiently, they don't know anything about the cache and to use the console and if they actually already have a validator running and they want to transfer it over to Akash, they will need to have some kind of Shell access. and while it is available through the AKASH, binary or provided services, binary

00:40:00

Damir Simpovic:  It's an extra step that's required. For them to actually be able to utilize that. So I think that it might it's it's probably a bit hasty and you know, there's probably a lot of time but some kind of shell access to the deployment because when

Damir Simpovic:  creating a violator or restoring a backed up old one. You have to import your validator key and you cannot type it in, you know, there's no point there are ways of course, to transfer it in using the Transfer.sh. But Still some kind of shell access is would be required. For basically, what what I'm saying is that through.

Damir Simpovic:  Yeah, yeah, I agree. I agree. But a lot of I'm saying this from the perspective of a new user.

Damir Simpovic:  They don't know these things and it's really hard to explain. Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, honestly like it anytime. You know, I've heard previous about this maybe it's about something else. They know people need console access to it even frankly, the console access feature to me it's always been Compromised or like like frankly a red flag, right? Like

Adam Bozanich:  Shall access is needed. Then it's the it's not then correctly, frankly, you know? So Like that, they could put that configuration in the SDL. Um and the workers will have access to it and they can do the S3 stuff or whatever, they're gonna put it. I don't know. But it feels like.

Adam Bozanich:  Requiring console. with somebody that go in and do some manual configuration is It's not what we should be aiming for you. So yeah, if it's less, you know, last minute and I get it, okay, but Something just seems off to me.

Tyler Wright: We'll hit our sorry.

Artur Troian: Yeah. The and from our experience with the you know, we tried that use case an example, migrating validator from one account or from one brother to another. The best idea always is to just close the lease. And reopen you on. with the state seen it actually Really fast. So the only thing needed to be done is either. uh, using, you know, a customer, some new boss images that can Pull the keys from.

Artur Troian:  As three compatible storage or with as to know and remote signer. But once again like I completely agree with that. If you access is needed in this case is probably something not well understood from the side of the Akash works or

Artur Troian:  Overcomplicating things. And if you know, there are users that don't quite, you know, comfortable in understanding the documentation that there is, for example. Once again, for deposition you was with us to know is or what S3 is well, if they wanted to deploy their probably gonna have to, you know, dig into the presentation right to understand what what How to Use It. I know it sounds probably a little bit rude and that perspective, but I think it's going to be the best way for everyone. It's pretty much developer documentation.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I I think it's a good point. I know that again Damir is talking as somebody that's a part of the kava validator, as well as somebody. That's I'm short supporting number of folks and the discord that are trying to take advantage of that program. I think Rodrigo put another message that, you know, I'm sure there's a number of people who just don't have that understanding as Artur mentioned of Akash and maybe I just trying to Gaming system a little bit. Either way to Damir's point in the chat, I do think Andrey if there is a quick solution that we can update the documentation so that you're not getting the same requests over and over again. I think Andre if you can help the vanguards it insiders by providing some documentation. I'm like working with Scott to get an update that might be a good happy medium, but

00:45:00

Tyler Wright:  I understand what Adam and where Adam and Arturo are coming from.

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone have any other anything about what?

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I was just gonna say maybe it's about a discussion of like, who we're talking for this or whatever, but I agree like there's I don't know, like to protect perspective. I don't want to spend time like, supporting like low effort mercenaries, you know? No, broader respective marketing community. Maybe there's, you know there's just kind of strategic reasons why we're doing it or whatever but Yeah, I

Adam Bozanich:  there's like a, there's a company there's like a There's a threshold competency to like use any cloud-based system and and like If that's not met and it's not mad.

Adam Bozanich: You know, people are free to learn or not. Anyways. Yeah, I don't want us on the engineering side,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Adam Bozanich: spend too much time like supporting people that'll never use the system again, they're just using it again. Trying to get some reaky.

Tyler Wright:  Yes, which I can't get but I, but I hear you loud and clear. um,

Tyler Wright: Cool. Go ahead, Damir.

Damir Simpovic: Forgive me. It was.

Tyler Wright:  You're good.

Damir Simpovic: Basically. I don't consider myself like an expert but I am I I know I mean I've been in in the system for a while and If Andre didn't tell me about this now. I wouldn't even find it that that's what I'm saying. So, Yeah, the point is perhaps.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah, I understand.

Damir Simpovic: Perhaps compacted into you know all the relevant information in a single. That's all I'm saying.

Adam Bozanich: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Turn it. so just so I fully understand

Adam Bozanich:  We? Are not asking people. Wait, so we're asking people use console and

Adam Bozanich:  That doesn't have the command line and so there's I see, nevermind. I just answer my question. Never I agree that having them use the the binary, like the command line, the eight that the akash command line is. Not a great solution. 100% agree. Like you're using the Web console and you have to break out into the CLI and the CLI is terrible. Like that's just not a great situation.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I Did I think we did our best? I mean, I definitely tried as much as possible to take some of the ambiguity and confusion around this couple validators program and I I think, the way that I has been marketed in a certain ways, there is still massive confusion. So just to be clear, we're not asking. Nor even do we have any documentation regarding? The deployment of a nakash, validator. Onto the Akash network, we have document that was created using Console to launch a cover RPC node. So anything that is done outside of, that is not Something that we've recommended or even have documentation around. And so, when I talk about some of the ambiguity, around this program, we're not necessarily asking people that are

Scott Carruthers:  taking part in this program to migrate their cut or their kava validators, to the Akash network the program. And this is where I, in my opinion, it becomes. More complicated than it needs to be. Essentially, the program is we're asking

Scott Carruthers:  a cost-validators or I'm sorry kava validators that are in the active set. So the top 100 kava validators to move some portions of their infrastructure network so that could be a RPC node or it could be their web front-ends. So again, we're not necessarily This isn't a program that we have documentation about how to migrate or launch a kava validator on the Akash network that we're certainly not instructing anyone, to use the console, to deploy a couple validator onto Akash. So hopefully, that makes sense. And I, I think again, there's this confusion around the people that participate in this need to be A color validator.

00:50:00

Adam Bozanich: Thank.

Scott Carruthers: In the active set but we're not actually asking them to migrate their validator is confusing. We're really just asking them to launch at RPC node and just some publicity and some familiarity with the Akash network. But the fact that we're asking only active cover validators to participate, I think a lot of times just inherently insane anyway, so we're asking them to migrate their validator when that is actually not the case. So, I hope that clears up and doesn't add more confusion by just want it to be clear. We don't have any documentation or any suggestion to launch, a kava validator via the Akash Council. I'm sure.

Adam Bozanich: And thanks so much Scott, I was completely confused about that. Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: I think, I think probably most people are. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers:  Sure. It can kind of just a natural segway. Tyler, I know in these calls, we usually go over talking about support for the past couple weeks, as well. And really this is exactly what I was going to touch on. Again the support I think we're kind of in a steady state where Not get in a ton of new providers coming down to the networks. There's not a ton of provider support and, you know, most of our features are now well baked and understood by the community. So the support volume has been very low. The exception to that is in the cup of validators specific channel, there's been a ton of activity, so I think that's probably where a majority of the support hours have been going over the last couple weeks since we met last

Tyler Wright: A terrific segue. Thank you, Scott. Um I know that Rodrigo's mother is usually talk but don't feel like you have to. Does anyone else have want to talk about anything support related? I know we only have a couple minutes left before. Let you all get that. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I just want to give a quick mention. I updated the commit messages. I'm just waiting for the end to end us. I don't know how, how flaky these tests are? I'm really sure why they felt before. I don't know if they'll fail again, just that heads up but the commit messages are Updated.

Tyler Wright: Okay, thank you. All right. Again a very lively discussion. I have some action items that I will post in the notes. Again, we'll continue to monitor obviously discord for anything that's happening between six support biweekly meetings. Please feel free to put any issues that have been escalated into the support repo and then again they'll get triage during this meeting. So, don't feel like you have to add any tags. If it gets the point where it's escalated into support repo, just try to put as much information as you possibly can about the support issue and then during this biweekly, if you're able to attend, this is where we can talk about any issues from the last two weeks in detail and prioritize them.

Tyler Wright:  But much appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you Artur. As always for leading this, please feel free to ping me or anybody else between meetings and use the various issues as places to continue conversation And/or. Next steps. If there are any

Pablo Estrada: Synthesize. Bye.

Rodrigo Rochin: Things.

Scott Carruthers: That's our own, but

Meeting ended after 00:53:59 ðŸ‘‹

