
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, April 16, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Joao Luna
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Artur started with issues that are "awaiting triage".
- Artur looked into issue #47. Artur marked it "P2"
- Artur asked Andrey to renew the comment. Artur mentioned not to put private issues in the public repo.
- Artur looked into [Issue #94](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/94). This is breaking change. This is "P1".
- Artur asked Luna to take [Issue #57](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/57) out of [Issue #94](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/94). Multi tags should solve that problem.
- Artur mentioned that this could go into the next release. 
- Artur talked about [Issue #93](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/93). This is "P2". Artur will comment on this issue.
- Artur looked into unlabaled issues.
- Artur and Andrey talked about [Issue #89](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/89). This is "P2". Artur mentioned this needs a code base change. 
- Artur mentioned that code base will only support "Nginix". This needs to be addressed by the provider. 
- Artur and Andrey talked about [Issue #91](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/91). This is an issue that Luna was having. Selector labels should be there. This is marked "sev2".
- There are some old issues from the provider repo. Artur asked Andrey to see if they are relevant. Close issues that are not relevant. Open issues can be assessed after Provider 3.0 upgrade.
- Artur and Andrey talked about [Issue #95](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/95). This issue is closed because it is not an Akash issue.
- Artur made a label for "not-an-issue".



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Artur needs to check if you can put multiple tags in for [Issue #94](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/94).
- Luna will explore multi tags for [Issue #94](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/94). 
- Artur will comment on this issue.
- Andrey to look at old Issues and see if they are still relevant or can be closed.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Great welcome to six support biweekly. Number seven, six support meets every two weeks where the group goes over issues in the support repo. Again all issues related to the cash core product live inside the support repo in these six support biweekly, meetings issues, get tagged and triage and then we find folks from the community that might want to help with some of these issues and we can talk about fixes etc. Without further ado, I'll pass it off to Archer to get us going.

Artur Troian: Hello everyone. They give us a second to share.

Artur Troian:  The screen.

Tyler Wright: No worries.

Artur Troian:  Okay, I hope you can see my screen. And let's get through.

Artur Troian:  Players trust. Okay. So we have issues. with this about,

Artur Troian: As yeah. yeah, that was initial limitation.

Artur Troian:  We had when we launched my net tool where the deployments were introduced first and that was like, done to Sort of limit. What kind of words can be exposed is http? Yeah, we need to fix it. I don't know.

Artur Troian:  We will be able to do this as well. Put

Artur Troian:  a priority, you know, it's in the month. Sorry this one. I put two for that. And you'll see if we have.

Artur Troian:  Time to fix. It's not someone comes is the fix. All right.

Artur Troian:  Andy, we should remove those engineering references if there was an issue. That we have to publish. It has been published inside the Support River, so please remove the comment. Until then.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I just mentioned it because, like, you know, I had it on my mind and it would save you time like her. Yeah.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, no, yeah, I don't know the issues this week is public and we cannot reference private issues. So it has to do, I'll leave it like in tree, ash until this. So this hard Okay.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I I know I just want to say that it's visible for us for the core deaf and it's like, you know, it's something on my mind and takes me like a few seconds just to reference it rather than going. And because it could be a long thread, it would otherwise have taken me a long time to, you know, move it to the public, ripple generally.

Artur Troian: I know, but the issue is the people gonna click on it and it's all will work. So let's not do it anymore, please. Okay, next one. Okay, she's consistency.

Artur Troian:  Was here.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that is breaking change. The Blue Moon. Is that? All right, so that's the provider report.

Artur Troian:  Opportunity one for it. So yeah, that actually have to be fixed but we need to check because that breaks the compatibility. We need to check if we can put multiple tags the same.

Artur Troian: On the same field. I believe it's actually doable. So the way we can have the backwards compatibility if needed. We actually will not go, you know, can you? Look actually I will send it to you. as you submit that you are

Artur Troian: Can you actually take out this PR? This one? And Set multiple tags. I believe you can certain multiple tags for the Year.

00:05:00

Joao Luna: I'll explore that, I'm notâ€¦

Artur Troian: Yeah. So

Joao Luna: because when, when it is, when it's serializes, how does it choose which one to use?

Artur Troian: It doesn't,â€¦

Joao Luna: That can be.

Artur Troian: it doesn't choose you just, I believe it goes through list of tags and checks them, because you can have for example, JSON and Yaml here. If you want just give you the check.

Joao Luna:  Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Artur Troian: So you don't need to put the scene go. Oh, single words. I believe you just need to change those because those gonna be the my case or whatever cases that come on case. So check those and yeah, You to try. And if that works, we can include that actually in the next race.

Artur Troian:  Okay, is that one is done. Ation real time.

Artur Troian:  Well yeah that's a good call for that feature. Hmm, once again, this is slightly more complicated than that. We need to extend the issues requirements. Here, I'll put my comments on board there but generally We want.

Artur Troian:  The resources by particular release have to be. Under authenticated point. So only deployment owner or provider can actually check it. Are you that I left comments? Audio phones.

Artur Troian:  Also, and I think that is it for triage? Now, let's do one side. No. Sorry I will have the course.

Artur Troian:  Okay, I believe you working, right?

Andrey Arapov: What I'm doing. I'm just doing the workaround. So I'm running like a side container. Can be engine X but I'm using traffic and it adds whatever headers I want. So but that's a workaround. So I'm thinking Maybe it's better to like, you know, have it like through the Nginx controllers since it's a default in. I mean, the full controller and Kubernetes. Instead of like running this sidecar, yeah.

Artur Troian: Those are. Yeah, so that's we just pretty much need to set. Annotations to the ingress controller, right?

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, that would be really awesome if we could do that.

Artur Troian: Yeah, but It's it has to be done by Nginx Foundation,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Just like, I'm thinking. Yeah.

Artur Troian: so it's not anything to do with the court agree. So it's just the provisioning of the provider.

Artur Troian:  Engines. Oh actually yeah I see Yeah that's good for that. Yeah I think you actually need to change. This is the

Artur Troian:  code base for that to enable the course. yeah, so right now provider is is bound to ingress. To engine accident ingress. So we cannot use traffic for that. Okay, so let's put it priority on that and we'll give the thing. Yeah, it should be. In the code base.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, if it could support like besides the Equibrations because some providers might be running like traffic or like in myâ€¦

Artur Troian: Well the yeah we won't.

Andrey Arapov: what I'm doing. Yeah.

Artur Troian: We will support this moment on the engine X in the comb base. Is it going to be quite Challenging to to add another one. So what we will do is we will fix it from the engine. Next perspective with someone wants to use drugs. Implement traffic implementation. Yeah. Feel free to make an issues. There's gonna build completion of that. So this is the pretty much provider feature. Engine X is just the One of the use cases. so, We need to. Yeah, we will address it from the provider, but we will address it one before nginx and then later on, if traffic comes in, The handle, the several case. Okay. And that one is.

00:10:00

Andrey Arapov: It's something that we've seen on Luna's provider but you know, I I did not see it on our providers when I was building the recent one as well. Maybe something to do is some misconfigure something.

Artur Troian:  just,

Andrey Arapov: Because because I remember, Luna was doing some some customization so. But anyway, I'll double check this one.

Artur Troian:  I think eso those labels selectors. They should be there. A couple of reasons, the

Andrey Arapov:  Yeah.

Artur Troian:  Service discovery inside the provider different services, they rely on that. They should be there. If that so if you're moving fixes some issues, that means there's something misconfigured or there's a part this actually possibility as well. But once again, this is not the fix this pretty much the workground. So you need to figure out what's going on.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it could be also maybe because of different type of Kubernetes. Sorry. I definitely something was missing because this youâ€¦

Artur Troian: It's it's not the Kubernetes it looks like this just configuration between the series andâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: this selectors are present.

Artur Troian: deployment for example and that's can be that can be cause it to that. All right.

Andrey Arapov:  I could be.

Artur Troian:  Okay. Now, let's see. A thing, we have all new issues, you know. Those yellow couple. The there are a couple old issues that have been migrated from the provider report. We need to assess them. So, yeah. And you can you, please go through them, you've been, you know, working those issues in the past, And see if they actually relevant. Even those relevant anymore, just simply close them is they are just have a list of them, which actually pretty much together and just give me pain. I will try out them for the priorities, the ground.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Okay.

Artur Troian:  Actually, yeah, the good, I think. Let's do the next, Let's assess those issues after providers 3.0 released. As they're going to be quite a bit of amount of changes, and there's some of those issues might actually address there. Oh, okay. So I think we don't have any more issues that on assigned. Oh sorry unbiabled. This is double check it. Oh no. Come on.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, I don't. Well, so this is not. This is some client. This is not Node or provider issues, so we should actually close it. um, frankly saying Yeah, it's well it's there's a Andrew, is it the A couple of issues.

Andrey Arapov: I'm not sure, maybe it's been some time I created it so I can't rememberâ€¦

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: how reread it

Artur Troian: it's look. So Because according to the screenshot, it's not. It's not a CLI issues or sorry, it's not per say the issues like the provider or not. So let's close it. If or just migrated to the whatever report is related to It's probably actually not even my cost issue. can you also to you and feel free to close it when you

Andrey Arapov: Okay.

Artur Troian:  actually, let's a new label and let's put her be gone called, not an issues.

Andrey Arapov: I think if I remember, I think when he was like creating the deployment, it wasn't like his, you know, the client certificate wasn't checked, and he was attempting to send the manifest and because he didn't have his client certificate on the chain. The sending manifest, just hang up, youâ€¦

Artur Troian: And well.

Andrey Arapov: I think that was you

Artur Troian: Yeah, I know, but this does the client problem, it's not like if he didn't create a certificate like what?

Artur Troian: What you can do about that.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I see, Yeah, I say airport the point is aboutâ€¦

Artur Troian: So, I, Don'tâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: but the error message here.

Artur Troian: The the issue is the CLI client. Actually it tells you that there's no certificate. So it's like it's some someone else client that we have no idea about actually. Let's not only if it's actually not right to the The Gospel. You and let's close it. Okay.

00:15:00

Artur Troian:  All right. I won't. Yeah, we are I think good here. Does anyone have any questions?

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Artur Troian:  Okay. Thanks everyone. I think we can call it success issues. Starting slowly to resolved, We're gonna have actually a bunch of them resolved. It's a common releases when we feel them. One is related to the car's not and one is related to the provider.

Artur Troian:  And obviously, we're gonna have new new box.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Awesome.

Artur Troian:  Okay, Tyler, take it away.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Artur. Um, Again, we also have the Issues Repo Insight Console. If anybody wants to contribute to console, feel free a Neil who's usually here is not here today. Feel free to hang inside. The console discord channel, if you are supporting or want to support any of the issues in that repo, Um, before we head out of here, Scott usually gives a State of the Union on the support Again. Whenever I go and discord, I see a number of people from the insiders and vanguards always answering issues and general chat, provider, chats, etc. Scottish want to hand it over to you. Just to see if you have any thoughts, comments anything to share on the support front.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, pretty much the same same status as last week. I'm supported has been rather light aside from You know, we have an ongoing campaign with a couple of validator so there's been a decent amount of support necessary in those channels and also obviously the the working group for GPU support and providers coming online, a lot of activity in those areas, but as far as general support the insiders in vanguards continue to step up and kill it. A has been pretty light on I constantly monitor to make sure that no, this is a necessary, but nothing has been escalated over. The Last couple of weeks and yeah, I think from supporting Our core features very few issues in the last couple of weeks.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank One thing that again came out as sick providers Andre from the Overclock Labs core team, noticed that the pretor providers were having some issues. With bids. This is something he brought up to the prey, to our team and the prey to our team is actively working on a fix for this. So I know it's not related to the kosh core product, but it's certainly related to the kosh community. So there is an active, fix being worked on to that. So that Pareto providers can start receiving bids again.

Tyler Wright:  Does anybody here have anything else? They want to talk about related to a cost support? Or the support repo.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Well there's nothing else then I'll let everybody get some time back a much appreciate everybody who joined Archer. Thank you for leading this as always and Scott for being hands-on and support. Yeah, we'll have another one of these in, in two weeks. Again, continue to monitor the network upgrade, which is support issue. Number 73. Um, and we'll give more feedback across channels as we get closer to the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright:  Much appreciate everybody have a good rest of the day. Notes will be available soon for this meeting.

Artur Troian: thinking about,

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:19:22 ðŸ‘‹

