
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #8

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, May 10, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Joseph Tary
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Notes

- Artur started with issues that are "awaiting triage".
- Artur went over issue #98 by Andrey. Artur mentioned that the cluster is way more important.
- Andrey explained the issue #98 in more detail. This is for maintenance on the provider. 
- Artur said the documentation is great. Andrey mentioned that the backup has saved providers many times.
- The backups are very tiny files, and they are valuable for providers on the network. Back ups do not require any downtime. 
- Artur asked if anyone has any issues that need discussion or priority changes. There was no response from the live audience.
- Artur talked about the network upgrade issue #73. 
- This week there will be a code freeze leading up to the network upgrade #73.
- Artur asked Luna if he had any updates to the end to end tests. Luna is not actively work on this. Luna mentioned that this is not high priority right now.
- Existing workloads may stop working with the TLS changes. This is why end to end tests.
- Anil asked about issue #84 that Pablo is working on.
- Artur mentioned that issue #84 does not need a network upgrade.
- Scott mentioned support on the network is manageable. Kava validators campaign has been running for over a month, and community is supporting any needs.
- First cohort of Kava Validators have been up and running for over a month with no issues.

### Action Items:

- Artur to review and comment on issue #84 before next meeting. 
- Andrey to look deeper into issue #98
- Luna will do end to end testing when time permits before TLS PR is merged. 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to six support biweekly. Meeting number eight during a support meeting. We go through the issues for the past few weeks that are waiting triage and archer and the neolitas through the tree arts and practical for the support repo. So I'll kick it over to our church against going and I'll take note to the background.

Artur Troian: It's our. Hi everyone.

Artur Troian:  so, since then still was called me, don't actually have that many issues on On my new issues, I believe. What we just?

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that works in just one.

Artur Troian:  created by Andy and

Artur Troian: yeah, pretty much to by the cops for the persistent storage. I'm actually not sure that is.

Artur Troian:  The well, it is indeed or stuff. I don't think that's actually It's not very to do that. I would say. Creating availability cluster is way more valuable than having backups for itcb. For a number of reasons, so creating the backup and actually recovering.

Artur Troian:  discussion from the backup, can be way more challenging and then simply killing the note and restoring it from the consensus on the level of duty cluster. Senate wise for staff are safely provides ways to. Create data, redundancy can be like a replication or parity. So I don't think that's the recommended by you. I mean, I probably missing something is and actually here

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I'm here.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: I'm listening.

Artur Troian: I think I don't know. It's I mean, the cops always great. I'm just not sure especially for staff. I'm just sure that's

Andrey Arapov: Okay, I can give you some insight. So, basically, 100 pastor of three notes, and when you're creating something or some things can go wrong and you can get it in situation where you have only two notes, if you shut them down for something and then you know start one of them up and if it it's in the consensus that it's only like two modes, it will never start. Unless you really do restore like, where it is important. So sometimes it's useful to have those back out and the backup is just a single comment. As you can see, you're basically exporting the city in the file, which already system. People say, installation method that we provide for the providers on our official side and then you're running, like it's safe and then back up and that's it. I mean, it's just good to have to have kind of this information is not something that hey, you have to do it. You know, something that just that we have, whoever wants to do it, we can just find them.

Andrey Arapov:  Look, but something like that.

Artur Troian:  I see, yeah. So Mmm, let's probably do some like more developed investigation on actually Are is it the same thing to do? Does it actually, you know, recover all the stuff conversation?

Andrey Arapov: Hey I did the several times through like all my experiences miratus andâ€¦

Artur Troian:  M.

Andrey Arapov: local and Busters say so it's been always working.

Artur Troian:  Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: It's a you know whatever you're doing to burn his cluster. It's all saved in CV database. And if you have ability to like you can even kill completely entirely. You can just like totally wipe all, he knows from playing notes and both the new one and it has the same AP address. You can just restore the city database and it will just hook up with the more criminals is open issues.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah, I got it. Um, still I would say for me talking about the providers right now, right? Someone, you know, needs doing the maintenance on the provider. I would say We still would. That's that's great, that's the conversation is right. However, once again we should make

Artur Troian: High priority on focusing on multi or availability clusters as well as.

00:05:00

Andrey Arapov: Actually.

Artur Troian: So you don't have a first of all created backups for DCD as well as proper ingredient structures for those communities clusters. This number one in terms for the

Artur Troian:  Serve. I would say once again. The backups are fine. However, I don't think that's a great value for the provider the first place because I mean, either amount, you know, one note while that's probably okay to talk about the multi note cluster Is big. It becomes absolutely like pain to create those backups that roll them out. I would say. It just defeats the purpose of this app. First of all, because the staff, Allows to create. Redundancy by replication or parity. So we have to consider that. So if there is a way to like, I don't see a reason why we need that into the backup. Of the Saturday. It doesn't make sense. Yeah, go ahead.

Andrey Arapov: So, so, basically, there's something that saved us like a couple of times that will be back up. Things would have done really long so I can tell it how it worked my signal. You have like during the last migration that we had between the blades like one and blade. So so when I moved the close, the new one basically, like normally you probably tell, Hey, please like, run more than one manager and monitor notes, but it's easy to scale them up. It's very difficult to scale them down. And if you have like four in one worker, all in one deployment process and you don't have backup, then you'll have the situation where, you know, if you remove the use note the data warmly proof,

Andrey Arapov:  And you won't copy this monitor monitor a file. So the new node it will never recover your cluster basically. And this data is very small in size, it's just like, you know, it's very easy to break up. It's very easy to set up the backup job. It doesn't take much time, both PCB and monitors file. It's less than let's say, 200 megabytes, It's really a time. So if you have this, something that can really save your also

Andrey Arapov: And because nobody not one.

Artur Troian: Okay, yeah. I say.

Andrey Arapov: I mean I mean I mean I mean ideally ideally yeah ideally would expect like everyone to run three notes of the control plane nodes, so that you can kill them, shuffle them like, do whatever and some things go wrong. You just like, you know, and the same is a set configuration, but safe like monitor and manager processes, they require you like, you know, they're not ones and those who create More than a single set note like two or three nodes, then it's fine. They kind of don't really need to take care of the backup that much, but if it's all in one configuration, it worth it. So I would say all this backups are the best for all like all in one configurations.

Artur Troian: Yeah I say okay um yeah let's let's think about that. I'm still sort of. Considering the issues. We had the staff and become more. Sure the creating the config back up.

Andrey Arapov: It's not just.

Artur Troian: For the the way is the Most efficient way. So let's yeah let's let's assess it and see if you need to do an improvement. So that

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I would say this, mainly for the Kubernetes, cluster administrators are not like the, you know, because we're taking care of Akash, as a public itself. This is more like the Kubernetes parts because like, some days, someone for sure. Approach, me and say like, Hey, I got this known down and please help me to restore and if you have back up, it's bad. But he did, then it's very easy to restore and in case where I was working, like there was monitor a, it was using the no selector. So, you know, to run only on a single note, where it's set around and if you like, for example, my great interesting to different note and you don't check this it's you're likely that you if you say the previous note still running and you can copy this backup, what manually

Andrey Arapov:  And then change it also like a fundamental process. So just what I'm saying like is it this backups are cheap to do like really cheap to those and they don't require any downtime so you can do them online for both group and ppcc since they're cheap, it's much better than I think it's a patient where you have entire the busters down and do it from stage, closing date, or having to rebuild the entirety because you know, the loss of people faster and even when we always had like you know making a foster scenarios, we always wake up because he's never versions better probably know. I remember like them it was always some, some issues, something like anything during the race. Either brains things like this, it's been pushed always. But you know, it's not guarantee you a version or

00:10:00

Andrey Arapov:  Operator will do execute like the great processed properly because most of the issues as a cluster arrives when you do it in higher. For example, you like run the commands. It looks like Oh it's hard. It's finished. It's okay. But actually Luna and you always need to check like you people get events. You see that, you know, faster and normalize it's actually in all kind of cluster environment, you know, when I was working serious as IX systems, HA clusters there is the same It always make sure it's settled down and this is like this is like I kill us point or the issues and lots of people having the biggest issues from that and they didn't have a backups sex, just my friends.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Okay. All right, moving on. I think that's only one issues that we have and

Artur Troian:  there are let me check on those that P2 on the course and the CP. I believe those related to actually provider provisioning, so you don't have to do anything on that. Right? Before I move on small, grades updates to the Non Reaper.

Artur Troian: Does anyone wants to talk about any issues that needs retreat or some priority changes?

Artur Troian:  all right, so Right now, we are in the progress of finalizing the network abrade, we have quite a bunch of changes. Mmm, going through this ci. On next two days. So, it's gonna be either today or tomorrow. We're gonna have an entire network. Upgrade automation available through the github. So we won't have to worry about the

Artur Troian:  definitely manually. Is that I'm gonna come quite you extra tests into the repo. And I would say on this week, we will be Doing the code phrase. So All of the box and issues that not included in the network, right? And provider. They're gonna be most probably a writing for the next release.

Artur Troian:  Hey Luna, I just want to quickly chat on the TLS on a certain manager that you are working on. Do you have any updates on the Internet?

Joao Luna: Yes.

Joao Luna: Sorry, can you repeat?

Artur Troian:  You've got any updates to the entrant tests.

Joao Luna: No, not yet. So it is kind of on the side for now, just working out on a couple of other stuff but I'm not sure as well how these alliance with what Andrey implemented. So TLS is already supported not using CERT managers, as I know, but it is supported right now.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, it's the question is like, if that and so the PR did you submit that? It's allow tenant to request, certificates. Either 10 or ones were called Once is not. So that's slightly different. I believe. they still need this feature, but I'm just trying to

Artur Troian:  Like, since you're focus on that. We cannot, we can't merge it. Unfortunately, until the, all the tests issues going to be resolved. Because mmm, from what I can see that if you go this way, I love the chicken test. there is a high chance that existing workloads may a stop working, be

00:15:00

Artur Troian:  The provider, My actually have issues with handling more different record types. So the dividing design, the test that actually the end to end. So they like run really edge, cases, something is playing there. That means A the other. This right, possibilities back in the entrant tests, so they need to be fixed. The probably some something is missing from the teacher request. It needs to be extended or probably both so yeah. Unfortunately until we get those issues photos that

Joao Luna: You know, it makes sense. It's just that there's some like a significant effort associated with it and currently I have no manpower for that. So it's kind of an on the side,â€¦

Artur Troian: I said I said Okay thanks.

Joao Luna: but something that I'm planning to revisit at some point.

Artur Troian: Um, all right so I think the stage we don't have anything else to cover from the core engineering. Unless anyone has any questions, then you'll go ahead.

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks Engineer for watching that. I haven't had a chance to speak with him on that subject. I think so. I think you'll be holding on that issue until we finalize all of the things right at the network.

Tyler Wright: Presentation.

Artur Troian: Operating the GPUs This issues is not from something that needs network, right? So it can be just rolled out as the improvement.

Artur Troian: so, I think Here,â€¦

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Yeah.

Artur Troian: I'll I need to like recap on that because I think the same, I forgot a lot of contacts from it. I need to just go through all of these discussion and trying to remember what you like what the final this isn't homemade in terms of What the way we're gonna go.

Tyler Wright: Anil. It was from a six support call.

Anil Murty: Yep.

Tyler Wright: I think the number six and I think Adam Baz and Archer were both there, and we're talking to Pablo's specifically about this.

Anil Murty:  Okay perfect. Yeah I think maybe just letting him know that the proposed solution is good might be helpful so you can just you know move forward with what he's doing. Whenever you have a chance, it's not like super high priority but it's good to know that this doesn't require a network upgrade. That's great.

Artur Troian: All right, I think that will be it from the Core site tower and but

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Usually around this time, I passed over to Scott or any updates on the support side in the community. Scott, you have anything you want to ask

Scott Carruthers: oh yeah, I want to say there's too much this week so as far as support and support support activity, The kava validators campaign is is wrapping up. So continuous support in those realms mostly handled by the community. We've had a couple of copper validators now running on the network for over a month. So it's great news, a lot of stability. With those validator instances and like I said, mostly the community has been able to support those that are participating through the installation process. Can answer any questions as far as other activity. There's been some support of providers coming online so pretty just typical support really nothing else significance over the last couple weeks,

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Scott. Cool.

Tyler Wright:  I know that we're going into some other island as we can say. Move forward, including again, another GPU testnet, support information to be followed up and they're seeing is anybody else have meetings that they're going to talk about support related at this time?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright:  Joseph. Alright well if there's nothing else again, if anybody has any issues between these biweekly meetings, please feel free to put them in and support you. And then again other issues related to other parts of the opacity system like that contours that are facebooking appropriate this house. There's nothing else. Then again thank you all for the time. I'm not sure. I'll go.

Andrey Arapov: Issues.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks around.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Rodrigo Rochin: To.

Meeting ended after 00:21:01 ðŸ‘‹

