sig-support/meetings/009-2023-05-24.md, before:


# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, May 24, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://efvuna3soa42tqhubsb2oafldxil4uuxzqdkb4s7ox4slpwlo4lq.arweave.net/IWtGg3JwOanA9AyDpwCrHdC-UpfMBqDyX3X5Jb7Ldxc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- helen emmanuel
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Artur walked through the issues that have not been triaged yet.
- Artur talked about upgrading to IBC v4. This will be included in the next network upgrade. 
- Artur mentioned that a few modules will be added as apart of the network upgrade. 



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Add details on items being added to the [Network Upgrade v0.24.0](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) including IBC v4 and new modules.
- Artur and Adam to comment on Issue #84. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to six supports biweekly. Number nine, This is a biweekly meeting where Overclock Labs team members look through support tickets and the support repo in the Akash Network Organization and triage any issues that have not been triage folks can discuss at a high level or in depth any specific issues and then hopefully participants in the six. Support can contribute to fixing issues if possible or just again, helping us track issues and eventually solve them Without further ado, I'll hand it over to Artur to get us going with the typical agenda.

Artur Troian: And one. All right, so we still, but we don't have that money issues discuss this week. The only thing is We have addition to the Network Upgrade, just recognition screen.

Artur Troian: Right. Let's just look at shake if you have any reliable to issues. Yeah, I think they all Pinterest. And I don't progress or waiting for Google Qualifications. The issues are the new addition to the network of great talking is the right to IBC before. um because that work is on a bcb3 for quite a while, pretty much every chain using virtual for

Artur Troian:  So the version 4 is supported is the last version that supported us because my customers decay 45 point X. And it seems to be that makes sense. Just include that in the bread. so, the PR is

Artur Troian:  In the laundry report. Let me just double check if overcomes her dressed. Yeah, this is the tire. There is just one minor Collins on that we don't have to have a conversation mark here on that. It will be March once. All of the tests and passing. So I think that is, that will be it from that. I don't really want mostly and they're gonna be additions into That's a correct good. Couple new modules related for.

Artur Troian:  Extensions to the To the payments. We will provide the details about what will be in those modules. So, I hope by end of this week, if not, maybe, then early next week. Including all the information model, this modules are, but we pretty much on this stage on the countries.

Artur Troian:  Once we input. ABC before and the extensions of the payments, we will be

Artur Troian:  doing extensive testings on the Medical grade itself like make sure to set myself and other things working. And yeah, I think that will be it. Before we move on. Does anyone have any questions or comments about any existing issues inside support Regal?

Artur Troian:  All right. Well, I think we can wrap this short session of their support from now. Tyler. Hey, Matthew.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you Artur. Um, yeah. Does as, as Artur mentioned, there's no new issues that need to be triage. Does anyone have any questions or comments about any issues that have been talked about today or that have been triage over the past couple of months?

Anil Murty: All…

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead.

Anil Murty: I guess. Yeah. The only one I had was I don't know what happened with that issue, that Pablo was working on and he's not of the fall. So if he's not here, we can talk about it next time.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Go ahead Archer. I know that you just unmuted

Artur Troian: Yeah, Adam and I we have We have to take a look at that, unfortunately, like him and myself pretty much, like, all this current things. Hopefully once I deal with the attribute to take a look at that, because yeah, that's definitely need to manage it. But once again, we sort of hold on eat because it's not like that we're right related and we can release it whenever we actually able to. So that's one of the reasons we shuffle priorities and they never grades and the GPU

Anil Murty: Makes sense. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yep. But a great call out in. Yeah we'll make sure to follow up because I know that PJ are posted some questions. Cool. Other than

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think it'll be just a comment on that and let him know that this is the plan. I'm happy if you like.

Tyler Wright: Yeah I'll follow up with on that and…

Artur Troian: Okay.

Tyler Wright: then I'll let you know because Adam did mention, he was gonna put a response but yeah, we'll follow up on that very shortly and make sure we respond to him. I'm

Tyler Wright:  one other thing that we do, as a part of SIG support is we quickly talk about just support in discord and other channels. I know there's no representatives here from the community but Scott is and Andre are usually in discord. A fair amount. Is there anything worth noting on the support front? That folks should be aware of at a high level scatter Andrey.

Scott Carruthers: I miss mostly just been preparation for Testnet. So obviously a lot of AI model testing from other outside of testnet, I've held a couple providers come online over the last couple weeks that just has some challenges during the the bill process. So I'd say that's really the only thing of of significance getting those new providers online. Other than that kind of been business as usual and they insiders in vanguards are Aniline. A majority of the support load which are just yeah. Typical new users getting started deployment. Assistance and things like that. But no other bugs are issues of relevance.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it's mostly what's caused that? And today I was signing the new provider from a GC guy. He was asking me to help him with the persistent storage. He had some issues easy. Basically labeled through the label notes and he was doing the Prater based installation and you need to install like resentory home charts and other things. But eventually everything works So business, as usual.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you to you both for again, continuing to monitor those things at high level, go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Hey your tire registered. Logistical question is, how do we want to handle the feedback that comes from the testnet? We want to put it as support issues. Do we want to? Put it in some document.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's a great question. Um, Originally we were talking about any specific engineering issues that come from GPU testnet. We would put in a separate repo. I think we recently agreed upon that. We will put those in the support repo and make sure that they are tagged GPU test. And I think there's a tags for GPU and GPU testnet and we will just tag those things and then we can talk about them as a part of this biweekly, six support. So that any change is that need to be made me prior to the network upgrade.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. And then do we want people entering the issues themselves or do we want to enter for them?

Tyler Wright: Um, that's still yet to be determined what we're going to do is we're going to have specific channels in discord inside of us GPU testnet, section where we'll be taking in provider and then on the demand side, I'm going to meet with Scott, Ideally, we would like for them to put in the information themselves based upon a template that we have created, but that starts to go awry.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Then we'll figure out a streamlined approach. So that Archer and Scott have an easy time in the back end. Kind of going through the issues.

Anil Murty:  Something. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  No problem. Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss, six support related or support for GPU testnet related before I let y'all go?

Tyler Wright:  Awesome. Well, again, much appreciate everybody showing up to those listening in. Please take a look and take a look at the issues inside of the support repo as well as comment inside the six support discord channel if you want to. If you have any issues, or if you want to contribute to solving an issues but much appreciate everybody's time here. Thank you. Artur on. Neil Scott, Andre for all your efforts, leading, support and work with the community.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Everyone have a great day. Thank you. All

Meeting ended after 00:10:32 👋

Commit message:

Update sig-support 009-2023-05-24.md
update action items, issue syntax, recording link

Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-support/meetings/009-2023-05-24.md, after:


# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, May 24, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ctkjxvixkgf56k2b55vanvaxuf25oh4mt2lasyk5lnnqghcbwlma.arweave.net/FNSb1RdRi98rQe9qBtQXoXXXH4yelglhXVtbAxxBstg)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- helen emmanuel
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Artur walked through the issues that have not been triaged yet.
- Artur talked about upgrading to IBC v4. This will be included in the next [network upgrade](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73). 
- Artur mentioned that a few modules will be added as apart of the network upgrade. 
- Anil asked if anyone has commented on [Issue #84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84)? Artur mentioned that he will look again.
- Andrey and Scott mentioned that support has been typical. The Akash Vanguards and Insiders have been very helpful with the community. 
- Scott and Andrey both helped with some provider build issues, but nothing out of the ordinary besides that. 


### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Add details on items being added to the [Network Upgrade v0.24.0](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) including IBC v4 and new modules.
- Artur and Adam to comment on [Issue #84](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/84)


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to six supports biweekly. Number nine, This is a biweekly meeting where Overclock Labs team members look through support tickets and the support repo in the Akash Network Organization and triage any issues that have not been triage folks can discuss at a high level or in depth any specific issues and then hopefully participants in the six. Support can contribute to fixing issues if possible or just again, helping us track issues and eventually solve them Without further ado, I'll hand it over to Artur to get us going with the typical agenda.

Artur Troian: And one. All right, so we still, but we don't have that money issues discuss this week. The only thing is We have addition to the Network Upgrade, just recognition screen.

Artur Troian: Right. Let's just look at shake if you have any reliable to issues. Yeah, I think they all Pinterest. And I don't progress or waiting for Google Qualifications. The issues are the new addition to the network of great talking is the right to IBC before. um because that work is on a bcb3 for quite a while, pretty much every chain using virtual for

Artur Troian:  So the version 4 is supported is the last version that supported us because my customers decay 45 point X. And it seems to be that makes sense. Just include that in the bread. so, the PR is

Artur Troian:  In the laundry report. Let me just double check if overcomes her dressed. Yeah, this is the tire. There is just one minor Collins on that we don't have to have a conversation mark here on that. It will be March once. All of the tests and passing. So I think that is, that will be it from that. I don't really want mostly and they're gonna be additions into That's a correct good. Couple new modules related for.

Artur Troian:  Extensions to the To the payments. We will provide the details about what will be in those modules. So, I hope by end of this week, if not, maybe, then early next week. Including all the information model, this modules are, but we pretty much on this stage on the countries.

Artur Troian:  Once we input. ABC before and the extensions of the payments, we will be

Artur Troian:  doing extensive testings on the Medical grade itself like make sure to set myself and other things working. And yeah, I think that will be it. Before we move on. Does anyone have any questions or comments about any existing issues inside support Regal?

Artur Troian:  All right. Well, I think we can wrap this short session of their support from now. Tyler. Hey, Matthew.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you Artur. Um, yeah. Does as, as Artur mentioned, there's no new issues that need to be triage. Does anyone have any questions or comments about any issues that have been talked about today or that have been triage over the past couple of months?

Anil Murty: All…

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead.

Anil Murty: I guess. Yeah. The only one I had was I don't know what happened with that issue, that Pablo was working on and he's not of the fall. So if he's not here, we can talk about it next time.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Go ahead Archer. I know that you just unmuted

Artur Troian: Yeah, Adam and I we have We have to take a look at that, unfortunately, like him and myself pretty much, like, all this current things. Hopefully once I deal with the attribute to take a look at that, because yeah, that's definitely need to manage it. But once again, we sort of hold on eat because it's not like that we're right related and we can release it whenever we actually able to. So that's one of the reasons we shuffle priorities and they never grades and the GPU

Anil Murty: Makes sense. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yep. But a great call out in. Yeah we'll make sure to follow up because I know that PJ are posted some questions. Cool. Other than

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think it'll be just a comment on that and let him know that this is the plan. I'm happy if you like.

Tyler Wright: Yeah I'll follow up with on that and…

Artur Troian: Okay.

Tyler Wright: then I'll let you know because Adam did mention, he was gonna put a response but yeah, we'll follow up on that very shortly and make sure we respond to him. I'm

Tyler Wright:  one other thing that we do, as a part of SIG support is we quickly talk about just support in discord and other channels. I know there's no representatives here from the community but Scott is and Andre are usually in discord. A fair amount. Is there anything worth noting on the support front? That folks should be aware of at a high level scatter Andrey.

Scott Carruthers: I miss mostly just been preparation for Testnet. So obviously a lot of AI model testing from other outside of testnet, I've held a couple providers come online over the last couple weeks that just has some challenges during the the bill process. So I'd say that's really the only thing of of significance getting those new providers online. Other than that kind of been business as usual and they insiders in vanguards are Aniline. A majority of the support load which are just yeah. Typical new users getting started deployment. Assistance and things like that. But no other bugs are issues of relevance.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it's mostly what's caused that? And today I was signing the new provider from a GC guy. He was asking me to help him with the persistent storage. He had some issues easy. Basically labeled through the label notes and he was doing the Prater based installation and you need to install like resentory home charts and other things. But eventually everything works So business, as usual.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you to you both for again, continuing to monitor those things at high level, go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Hey your tire registered. Logistical question is, how do we want to handle the feedback that comes from the testnet? We want to put it as support issues. Do we want to? Put it in some document.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's a great question. Um, Originally we were talking about any specific engineering issues that come from GPU testnet. We would put in a separate repo. I think we recently agreed upon that. We will put those in the support repo and make sure that they are tagged GPU test. And I think there's a tags for GPU and GPU testnet and we will just tag those things and then we can talk about them as a part of this biweekly, six support. So that any change is that need to be made me prior to the network upgrade.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. And then do we want people entering the issues themselves or do we want to enter for them?

Tyler Wright: Um, that's still yet to be determined what we're going to do is we're going to have specific channels in discord inside of us GPU testnet, section where we'll be taking in provider and then on the demand side, I'm going to meet with Scott, Ideally, we would like for them to put in the information themselves based upon a template that we have created, but that starts to go awry.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Then we'll figure out a streamlined approach. So that Archer and Scott have an easy time in the back end. Kind of going through the issues.

Anil Murty:  Something. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  No problem. Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss, six support related or support for GPU testnet related before I let y'all go?

Tyler Wright:  Awesome. Well, again, much appreciate everybody showing up to those listening in. Please take a look and take a look at the issues inside of the support repo as well as comment inside the six support discord channel if you want to. If you have any issues, or if you want to contribute to solving an issues but much appreciate everybody's time here. Thank you. Artur on. Neil Scott, Andre for all your efforts, leading, support and work with the community.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Thanks, Tyler.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Everyone have a great day. Thank you. All

Meeting ended after 00:10:32 👋
