
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, June 07, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://nedp5rapsxqr7qhl5vwijxerwpbyv7mm3kopguxrycn7e3rtywfa.arweave.net/aQb-xA-V4R_A6-1shNyRs8OK_YzanPNS8cCb8m4zxYo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- George Pro
- Jigar Patel
- Lowell Tarek Abbott Vidal
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- stevens martinez
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Artur talked about issue PR submission process needs to have an issue attached for an issue to be submitted.
- If you submit a PR, make sure they are conventional commits.
- The PR needs to work locally first, before asking for review, please! Share a video of things working locaclly with all PRs.
- On the path to the code freeze before the Mainnet Upgrade.
- A few more changes are coming into the node and provider repo for Take pay.
- There are quite a few new modules and new features in the new mainnet upgrade.
- Artur walked through the issues that have not been triaged yet. 
- Artur talked about https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/97. That is a P1 bug.
- Parameter change will be inside the network upgrade


### Support:

- There have been no code issues.
- Insiders have been holding users through their first deployment.
- Users are struggling with IP leases and Persistent Storage enablement with provider support.
- Kava is getting a lot of action.



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Andy will move the descriptions from Overclock Labs engineering repo to the Akash network repo.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody to six support biweekly. This meeting is in two parts, actually, today the six support biweekly is a week. A biweekly meeting where Artur and Anil leave the group through the support repo. Looking at any issues that have come in the last couple of weeks. And then the group can talk about any outstanding open issues that need tracking. That's a typical agenda. And then Scott's, at least a discussion about anything happening in support on a discord front or with providers set, ups, or deployments after that, there will be a short discussion for anybody that wants to support the GPU, testnet on the provider set up front as of right now again, the plan is to initial start the

Tyler Wright:  GPU testnet, provider setup, starting. Next week, July 12th, or Excuse Me. June 12th. And folks from the inside are in Vanguard community are going to be instrumental in helping those that are looking to do providers set up. So we'll have some short high level discussion on what to expect and some operational items. Cool, without further ado, I'll hand it over to Artur to lead us through the typical agenda and I'll take notes in the background.

Artur Troian: I run. All right, let me start that.

Artur Troian:  Okay.

Artur Troian:  All right, so we don't have any of my YouTube issues, so we pretty much don't have anything upcoming or even a few weeks. And of course, to or projects, there are few things that we talk about, anyways. The first one will be.

Artur Troian:  Conversation. You won't give example. Over here at the non repo. The piano like that so that popped up quite a few times and

Artur Troian:  My point of the are supporters open sourcing and creating all the groups is. the we can have, you know, Discuss. All the needs that needs to be. Implemented expanded figs. And so supporting the core of the of the car. And

Artur Troian:  There was I don't remember us. Discussing any think about custom Suzuki 47 example. Um, so that they are just came in without any issues. The support repo. um, we took it down and then Author. Recently the game for some reason, I don't know why. and my point on that is, unless there is a github issue in the support, it's really risky to open the charges through the simple reason. It will be far away from initial code base. Then such things get merged. That's the first first thing. The second thing is, you can see the amount of cars. I mean, like the dots, the clinic message. It is like absolutely inappropriate for that. So I would like to

Artur Troian:  Probably put it out. But please please. If you submit your art, at least make sure they are. The national commits. And then moving on, it doesn't make sense to submit PR, until it works locally. At least, just like what's the point of having, like, hundreds of commits and it's just creates really

Artur Troian:  Now, say complicates reviewing process for us a lot. So, you're gonna take it down for the moment and such things. If someone, I know who that person is that person here on the cold, I'm happy to discuss about that, but if not, Just keep in mind that. So there's a, there's a thing called in the description, the reference to the issues and that has to be

Artur Troian:  Valid issues in the support REAPER before actually in participated. One of the reasons why I'm gonna cover the description, what's in particular needs to be done. So like, why there are 103 files changed. It just for me. Like lots of unrelated things for that.

00:05:00

Artur Troian:  Okay, if I have any questions that.

Artur Troian:  All right, moving back down to support people. Are? I would like to give status on the Time. Of grace. Who's that? That's good on the upgrade that is 0.34 as well as

Artur Troian:  Huckleberry part. We've been talking about that on different seek groups and groups. But just to summarize, the peaks have been released or carmenet. There is no upgrade needed and You'll be communicating today. Mmm, probably about, so pretty much anyone could pick it up with big binaries.

Artur Troian:  There's no such changes so forth about that. if right through the network rate, which is this issue.

Artur Troian:  And the only thing remaining for us, this moment is take pay. So there are a few final changes coming into the Akash API Northern provider. And once we've done that, we gonna generate change more great and describe all the changes. And, you know, what's been done and why we've done that way. And the quite a few new modules, quite a few state changes and we like it. So everyone that's similar with that right before we start with actual network, right?

Artur Troian:  And I think that's, Oh wait a second. This is the wrong wrong supporting was, does anyone having changes and great?

Artur Troian:  Okay, let's address that one.

Artur Troian:  And storage. Oh, that's yeah, that's it. That's a buck. You know, how to have negative negative number. All right, let's do that. You are.

Artur Troian:  Sending too much myself. That's pretty cool actually. Okay. Yeah, that's like some overflow happens. Um, all right and we have on the writing tree are just check that.

Artur Troian:  Does the old one?

Artur Troian: And are you gonna call? Okay, so we don't have any here.

Tyler Wright: No.

Artur Troian: Okay. Yeah I'll mention him that you need to move description on the issues from the engineering over to the support, I believe discussed last time. Um, okay. And

Artur Troian:  yeah, I think we don't have any upcoming issues of this stage. And let me just check. There's one, there's one more.

Artur Troian:  Yeah, that doesn't pretty much an epic. You will be closing this after we have take a private, and the general work is generator But on that, I think.

Artur Troian:  Oh, thanks ever for mentioning that. Yeah, totally forgotten. You know, make it happening. So we have Right now, amount of max marks maximum beats per order. Set to 20, I believe. And there was a proposal to increase it to 50, but it was, I believe the tax proposal, where it should be parameter change. So it doesn't make sense for us to submit one one or proposal. We will be including the Parameter, change inside the network. so,

Artur Troian:  I think that will be it for me, any questions.

Tyler Wright: Thankâ€¦

Artur Troian:  That was okay.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Cool. Um, If there's no other questions related to any of the support issues, then we can move on again, if anybody has any questions comments or any other issues, please put the any new issues related to the core product inside of the support repo and please follow the conventional commit structure, and a proper PR structure outlined in Github. And that archers outlined again, during this meeting. Cool. The next order of business, usually around a quick update about support in the community Scott's and Rodrigo usually given update on things that they're seeing on discord. So I'll hand it over to Scott to just give us a quick update on what's going on the community.

Scott Carruthers: Oh yeah, thanks Tyler. So since our last six port meeting there have no have been no new issues created. So no breaking code changes have been discovered and it's been relatively light volume. Yeah, obviously a week to week and day to day. We have a significant amount of support just hand holding some new users through their first deployments. So there's been plenty of that kind of support activity, but again, no, Code, related issues or anything of that nature. And I would say the highest aside from just assistance of new users. The highest activity has been as an usually is and provider issues. And again when I say issues, not code. Related issues, but Annie and I have found some users struggling with IP leases and

Scott Carruthers:  Persistent Storage Enablement. So, we've made some documentation updates, it wasn't that documentation was incorrect, but just adding some more pieces of clarification. So, decent amount of provider, support activity, and then, of course, we're doing a lot of support, both myself and Some other members of the insiders team getting ready for testnet and doing testnet, provider builds and significant amount of activity around AI model. Experimentation and sharing that they run properly within a cost appointments. So that is probably been the largest amount of activity is just around ramping up for testing up. And yeah, I think that's about it.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Roger, is there anything that you want to add that you're seeing as you're active and discord a lot as well?

Rodrigo Rochin: Um, just like that's it. It also seen a few users especially after the actual one another. whatever happened to this quick,

Rodrigo Rochin:  A lot of movement on the cover cover channel and omnibus so people are interested in letting a new chain to the omniverse. All people

Rodrigo Rochin:  other than that, just trying to

Tyler Wright: Thank you for that update. Does anyone else want to talk about anything? Support related?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Again, If anybody has any new issues or wants to track any existing issues related to the core product, those live in the support repo, any issues that anybody wants to track or work on related, to the cash console will live in the Cash console repo and you can kind of track follow those issues there. And then contribute, if you are able

Artur Troian: Yeah, Tyler, I will need to drop off. I need to finish the PRS and releases. But is there any questions to me? Hit me, and I'll quickly join the school.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. No problem again. If anybody else needs to drop off. Nope, no problem at all. This will just be a quick operations discussion on getting folks, ready for provider, set up next week. Cool. So again, phase one of the GPU testnet which could potentially start. Next Monday is provider, set up being task one, as well as building sdls being Task 2.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright:  Related to Task 1 about provider setups. This is something that is obviously very important to during the testnet for us to be able to bring on a number of different kinds of Nvidia GPUs and have those invited GPUs running through the three-week test net. So that when we move to week three and folks are starting to deploy AI models, and starting to do benchmarking on specific GPU types, we have a plethora of GPU providers active, take receiving deployments and ready to help. So, bringing on the providers, is something that is going to be important through. The first couple of weeks is Scott has mentioned. I know in the past

Tyler Wright:  There has been a significant or not, there's been a barrier of entry for folks that want to become a provider, there's some technical ability that's involved and I know that prey tour and the Prater team. I've done a great job and trying to alleviate some of that technicality and make it easier for folks to set up providers. But as we move into next week, it's going to be important that we have a number of folks in the provider GPU discord channel that are just on call to be able to walk people through the process of setting up a provider. Pardon me. um,

Tyler Wright:  We, there's documentation that's already been verified. That Scott has been working on, I'll put that in the chat and this will also be a pinned message inside the discord channel for provider setup, but we want to be able to make sure that we're pushing people towards the direction of following that documentation, if they want to set up a provider via the CLI and the classical way, and I know that Predator team is actively been working to rectify. Any issues related to setting up a GPU provider using the pro tour app and so we're actively working to rectify an issues. I know it's Scott's testing on. There's some other folks from the inside of community, that will be doing some testing over any couple days. So that when the provider set up portion task begins, potentially next Monday prayer, is a solution that can be shared with the community.

Tyler Wright:  And again, we can support folks that are signing up or trying to create providers be a pretor app and via the ducks.

Tyler Wright:  So again, just at a high level, there will be a specific channel that will be set up for provider, set up inside of discord inside of a GPU testnet section. All traffic related to folks participating in task one and then jpu testnet will be pushed into that provider channel.

Tyler Wright: From there we do want to make sure that all participants and this is important fill out a signup form for participating as a provider. When we track submissions, which will also be another form that will be again pinned inside of this channel.

Tyler Wright:  We want to make sure that we have to sign up form is a way for us to verify information relative to the submission form for providers. No, no worries at all Damir. Um, you haven't missed much. Um, so again, the first action item when folks come in to do task one for the providers set up is to make sure that they filled up the Sign Up form. It's about five questions it's just asking for their discord. Their email, a couple of other pieces of information and again this perform is important because it's a form that we're going to verify against a submission form when providers set up when folks that are doing the provider set up task fill out the submission form of the provider address and some other information that's involved in that submission form and we can verify it against their sign up for

Tyler Wright:  I know I'm doing a lot of talking. Does anyone have any questions about anything? I've mentioned thus far Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: started basically, by Saying that our we are actually working like fixing the box. I know like Scott is helping us to test the GPU pills through the Testnet. And we are also working right now to have support for KRS or Multi Server support, right? So ETA on that. It will be like tomorrow morning. I'll be able to test. Like, so on our side like we have like resource constraint on in terms of GPUs, like we don't have

00:20:00

Jigar Patel:  Too much abuse to test, right? We've been taking like it will be a spot instances for testing but that's also limited. So if we get like support for testing, there'll be much much appreciated because because the one when we tested it was working Scott tested, it wasn't working and we found that we did not apply our view. There was having some issues applying one of the thing. From the documentation, right? So we fix that, push that update right away and now Scott is testing. If the mail can help us testing,

Jigar Patel:  The whole thing, right? That would be great. Second thing is we are also working on the tool for, for the A heartbeat testing. So basically what we're going to do is we're gonna check if the provider is has a GPU and it's been up right for for the period of time, right? So our tool currently only support mainnet and only store one week of data.

Jigar Patel:  So, we'll extend to that to three weeks. So everybody can see it. I feel that borders up for three weeks, right? And we can also give you guys like percentile because sometimes what happens is heartbeat misses, but if it's just one one second to second that call is missed, may not be the poet is down for that time, right? So what you can check is like, you can say, you know what, 95 percentage of the time I was up, then you can consider that as a providers up. Yeah, good.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, Jigar, I just so I just wanted to share things are obviously, rapidly developing, so I just, I've been in communication with the ball this morning and they Issues around. I think some are back issues with the previous code have not been rectified and I was able to build a chestnut provider through Prater and went all the way through actually testing to ensure that I got bids on deployments testing that I was able to run AI workloads and everything was was fine. So those issues have definitely been rectified. And now I think Damir and some others are also going to test just obviously more testing the better. So we'll get some further validation. So great news on that front and yeah, thanks for the quick response on. Tyler and I were discussing they

Scott Carruthers:  Easiest way to ensure these. So one of the criteria for a testament provider to collect rewards is going to be that they not only build and are able to successfully deploy to a testnet provider with GPU enabled, but that is going to be offer the duration of of testnets. So definitely, you're pulling of the status, endpoints, every five minutes. Like you do for Mainnet will be an excellent way to be able to do that into your point. I think it's gonna be completely fine and I don't think there's any concerns. If for some reason the status endpoint doesn't Respond in a certain poll or somehow. I don't think we're gonna ding providers if it's, you know, 99% uptime. So we can definitely deal with that. So, yeah, I appreciate you turning that up for testing and I definitely think that will be sufficient.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, and what we can do is we can just give you that data, right? And on your side whenever you do like distribution of reward, right? You can decide like if you want to go with the 99 98, whatever? Right. That would be like easier for us to just give you data,â€¦

Tyler Wright: And yeah I think that also leads us to the second point andâ€¦

Jigar Patel: right? And you can decide from your side.

Tyler Wright: we don't have to go into great detail about this right now. But folks here that are able to really be in discord and helping folks with various tasks again especially tasks one which we're talking about. Right now would also love support when the time comes in just like looking at reviewing submissions and then helping great submission because it's something obviously we want to do with the community to make sure it's as transparent as possible. So folks here, if they have any interest in, also reviewing the submissions after testing is over so that we can get rewards given out to the community as quickly as possible. Please just let us know in the insiders channel and then we'll just track that Adam and I will track. If you haven't already.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Um, as Scott, mentioned again over the next day or so, we're going to continue to work closely with Prey tour to make sure that the tool is continuing to function properly. I know Scott has had some successful pets. This morning Damir. And this will be put in a public channel soon. Damir is going to be working on again, setting up a GPU provider, as well as setting up a mainnet, provider, using pretor. And then, again, testing the setup process as well as the stability process over a couple of days and just continuing support jigar to ball in the parade or team. So, thank you all participating and working on those efforts.

Tyler Wright:  Again I'll probably give another follow-up on some of these operational items tomorrow during the office, insider office hours, but really all the key messages will be pinned inside of the GPU test not channel. So anything related to deployment will be pinned at the top of the deployments channel along with the message that Zach will be providing by the end of week as well as anything related to task. One in the provider setup will be pinned in that channel. So any documentation from Scott, or the Overclock Labs team, any the pretor path, and any other submission forms, and sign up forms, will be pinned in those channels. So it should be easy for again. Insiders like yourselves to easily access that information and share with the community.

Tyler Wright:  One action item that might be changing and I'll let the folks know when that changes made and it'll be reflected in the PR is, there was initial thought of having Incentivizing 20 GPUs, I think the goal is now going to be to incentivize 30 GPUs. So again, there will be a group of 10 data centers that will have to be amongst that 30. So 20 consumer grade GPUs at the most will be incentivize but again it'll be the first 30 of any kind with again with making with 10 slots slated for Data Center GPUs. Go ahead check.

Cheng Wang: Terms of the subtypes there, it doesn't mean that they are will not be any incentives. There is over slotted for it is just that the, the top tier awards will be allotted to the first come first here, obviously successful basis passing KYC, email checks, all those things. So those first 30 will get the kind of the the top line prize or awards, and then those who qualify and meet all these election criteria, I mentioned in addition to some other terms and services, after the first 30 can still qualify for awards, it will just be from a smaller old bridge pool, not from the the first place pools, if you will.

Tyler Wright: Long. Yes. Thank you Cheng for that message. I know that I've seen Roger already kind of answering some of these questions. I know folks are asking about how many GPUs are being sent by what kind. So again, if we see those kinds of messages, we can provide more clarification on how we're incentivizing. And what's being sent to us, Does anyone from this group? Have any questions? Thoughts comments, or anything they want to talk about as we head into potentially starting the GPU testnet next Monday,

Tyler Wright: Oh, well, again with the intent that we're most likely start around 9 am on that day. It would be great if folks here were able to make themselves available a couple hours prior to 99 Pacific so that we have folks who are ready and able inside of discord. Just in case we get some folks that are getting there early. Or again, it's as the announcements go out be a marketing. We might get an influx of people that we just have to do our best to get the attention that they need and help them on board. Go ahead Cheng.

Cheng Wang: oh sorry, I just left my my

Tyler Wright: Oh, you're good.

Tyler Wright:  One thing I do want to call out is as much as we can. I would love for those conversations to be kept inside of the GPU, provider set up channel. So I know that sometimes folks will ask you to dm them. I know that I'll use your all's discretion as insiders and vanguards to figure out when the best cases, but if we can keep, as many of those questions inside of the GPU provider, set up discord channel, that'd be great. There is also and I think some of you all have seen Baz put in discord, they're also be a FAQ document that will be shared if it hasn't been shared already inside of discord. So if you're getting a lot of the same questions, it'd be great. If you can add those to that FAQ document whenever you have a second and then again we can start to share or pin that FAQ document. We're at it to Github so that we can again continue to improve the user experience as we're going through.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright:  Customer.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I know we have SIG economics coming up. So again I just wanted to just talk at a high level about some of the providers set up items and just answer any high-level question to Anybody has. I know we'll have some continued discussion. Moving forward, Go ahead Damir.

Damir Simpovic: Just wanted to give you a heads up that the I actually posted the video. About the GPU provider, kind of from the hardware perspective. It might not be a good bad idea to I don't know point. I I actually have been asked a lot, what my setup look like looks like for GPUs. So I think this video will answer a lot of those questions, so, Yeah, there you go.

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. Thank you. Thank you, Damir. Does anyone else have any other questions related to provide set up and task one as we head into GPU Testnet next week?

Tyler Wright:  Again, if there's any changes to the timeline, we'll certainly let the insiders know, Let this group know. I know there's one and outstanding item jigar, This is mostly for you and your team. I know that with the GPU provider attributes changes on the way in coming hours. You have to make some changes to pray towards your support. The GPU provider attributes, just for clarification sake. Those GPU provider attributes, changes trump. The Trump trump the tool that monitors provider uptime, so just an order of operations. Just want to make sure that you all are prioritizing. The GPU provider attributes support as we head into. Potentially next Monday,

Jigar Patel: Sure.

Tyler Wright:  Does anyone else have anything again, related to? Support for task one in the GPU test. Not that they want to talk about today. Was there anything that's unclear at this moment that you want more clarity on?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. If you think about any, if you think of anything else, please. Just throw it in the insiders channel and just tag me. But again, I'll check in with all of you all during the insider office hours. And then again, once Zach has populated The discord channels, we'll share. I'll have the pinned messages in there by around Friday and so folks can make sure that the midpin messages make sense and any other questions, anyone has we can answer at that point.

Tyler Wright:  Cool well against SIG Economics monthly meeting is happening in about 23 meetings, about 23 minutes. Thank you all for taking some extra time to talk through supporting the GPU testnet. Thank you all for again, signing up to support Testnet. Shout out, Jigar and the Prater team for all the work that you've been doing. And again, thank you Damir for being able to support testing and helping the prayer routine. I'll talk to all of you online. I'm sure. Thank you all to everybody here. Much appreciate everybody's effort and hard work.

Tyler Wright:  Everyone have a good rest of day. See you all online.

Jigar Patel: Thanks, Tyler. Have a good day.

Tyler Wright:  Right. YouTube.

Cheng Wang: Thanks sir. Thanks everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: With.

Meeting ended after 00:34:53 ðŸ‘‹


