
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, June 21, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://dtz4yajxnfgpu45ttzhl422u6yrw74tvgyuxcug73aexbhkueudq.arweave.net/HPPMATdpTPpzs55OvmtU9iNv8nU2KXFQ39gJcJ1UJQc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Artur walked through the issues that have not been triaged yet.
- Any issues related to GPU Testnet should have that label attached.
- For the last few weeks, we have not had any new issues.
- Shimpa has dangling deployments in the GPU Provider. He used the script, but this did not work.
- The leases are closed on the chain.
- Artur asked Shimpa to create a support issue.

## Support

- No new code issues.
- There are no significant issues.
- A majority of the focus over the last couple of weeks have been preparing for GPU Testnet.
- 6 New Providers have been built since the start of Testnet. Insiders and Overclock engineers have been providing great support.



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Scott will make a 2 tickets for issues from GPU Testnet.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everyone to SIG Support biweekly Meeting number 11, The six support meetings again happen every two weeks where Artur and sometimes the Neil lead the group through going through the support repo, We're all issues live related to the Core Akash product and then Artur and the group go over any open issues, Discuss potential solutions. Anybody from the community that's wants to work on any solutions related to any issues can come to this meeting, volunteer to support, as well as get guidance on how to solve some of these issues. So again what the process usually goes to is the community or anybody can create an issue and then it gets triage during these biweekly meetings and folks can volunteer to come up with solutions.

Tyler Wright: Without further ado, I'll hand it over to Artur to get us kicked off. And I'll just take notes in the background. Takeaway art.

Artur Troian: Good morning, everyone. All right, let me show a screen.

Artur Troian: You see my screen?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Artur Troian: All right, Okay, so for the last few weeks, we don't have that many issues opened there, are you that reported internally that much right? Let me just real quick, say if you have any labels now. So we don't have any Unlabel issues.

Artur Troian: So last few weeks, we were mainly focused on

Artur Troian: merging all the Google class related will be good to start as well. I'm not looking great.

Artur Troian: All of the tests into bars. And the notice is pretty much on the good free state right now. So we won't be including any new features. At the moment, just to make sure we focused on all box that related to the GPU itself. So,

Artur Troian: I think and your scar reporter. One, Israel and the provider yesterday. It's gonna be showing up in support repo later, And we go into address it. but other than that, I don't think we have any sink to discuss in terms of issues, unless anyone have Any things to mention? Yeah. Remember

Tyler Wright: The mayor, if you're trying to speak, we can't hear you. Yes, now we can.

Damir Simpovic: Can you hear me? Yes, Okay. Good, sorry. So on one moment. Just let me just fix this sound issues.

Damir Simpovic: Sorry.

Damir Simpovic: Okay, good. So I just on the testnet provider, Shrimpa.org I have to Deployments that I have tried to clear with the dangling Shell script. And they did something, but it did not close the deployments, and if I kill them manually, they just bounced back. There simply wasn't time. It's like we just encountered this. So Scott's Carters is he's involved. So yeah. Perhaps this might not be a bad idea to discuss this, I don't know.

Artur Troian: Did you try to close bid?

Damir Simpovic: Yes, the leases are closed on the chain. So, there's two of them,â€¦

Artur Troian: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Damir Simpovic: there's two deployments.

Artur Troian: So the best will be just to submit support issues andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Back.

Artur Troian: go for that. there's the logs what's has been done and so forth? Because it's going to be hard to First of all, you won't be able to debug it right now and the bus right to crack. It is to create this sport issue.

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so Damir. And I were just chatting about this right before this call. So yeah, I have full. Intel and Andy and Artur. As soon as this meeting is over I'm going to discuss the details and we'll probably create a related issues. So yeah, we'll be dealing with this very shortly after this meeting.

Artur Troian: All right, Okay, apart from that issue.

Tyler Wright: Just on the topic of the GPU, testnet, just a reminder for all folks here or That will be listening later if there's any issues that's related to GPU testnet, please just label it with the GPU testnet label. As you can see with issues number 99 here on Archers Shared screen. So I just want to make sure that again you're not the triage issues, all these issues will get triage during the SIG support meetings, but if you can just label them properly, that would be very good. Again, this meeting in the next six, support meeting during the GPU testnet, who we will be pushing folks to participate in these meetings. So they can share any feedback on GPU testnet, any issues that they may have, we can talk them over and solve them. So just want to just put that out there. Just from logistical standpoint.

Artur Troian: All right, so yeah, that I don't have anything to cover on this subject. so telling you,

Tyler Wright: Thank you, So again it sounds like we have a couple of action items. I know there is an issue that was raised yesterday. That I believe Scott will make a ticket an issue and support repo as well as the issue deployments. So it sounds like two again, issues will be created in the support repo.

Tyler Wright: Usually, around this time we get a quick update from Scott, Carruthers on What's Going On in Discord. Roger is usually around as well to help provided an update, but I think Scott Year and Shimp is also here Damir. So Scott, do you want to give us a quick update on what you're seeing thus far in the last couple of weeks and just court.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, so there haven't been any new. Issues or new both reported in the past couple weeks as kind of just been steady state. Obviously there's a lot of support activity but it's just here typical questions by Mostly new users or users. That are trying to spin up providers for the first time but they're just some hand holding through getting started with Akash there's no significant issues. So, obviously over the last couple weeks of majority of the Focus has been for GPU testnet. So there's been a ton of documentation created and a ton of testing as new versions were released. And now as we hit,

Scott Carruthers: As we went live with GPU Testnet. Yesterday, I looked this morning and we already have six new providers built since seemingly a pretty seamless processes. I'm getting those providers online and we're getting excellent support, primarily through Chimpa, and Damir. And also CJ yesterday was stepping up and answering a lot of questions. So, get in a lot of great support. Fine, both from Overclock engineers and from the community. So yeah, that's Brilliant. At this point, obviously mostly focus on GPU test, not

Tyler Wright: Thank you, I do also want to again shout out the efforts of Damir again. I know that again, as a member of Akash Entires in Vanguards, we rely on Damir for a number of things, one of the things he's been helping us do prior to GPU test. That is helping test a community-based tool traitor that is a provider setup tool. That folks from the community have the ability to use as an alternative to the documentation that Scott has created for the CLI version of building provider. I know there's been some issues growing pains with pretor in the past both on main net and also setting up again, a new GPU provider. I know that.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Damir has been working closely with Overclock as well as a pretor team to test the predator tool, debug some of the issues so much appreciated Damir for his efforts on helping get that community-based tool to a level where everybody in the community can feel real comfortable about using it and sharing it as a path forward for building providers.

Tyler Wright: Who is there? Anything that anybody here wants to cover that? Hasn't been covered yet on the support front?

Tyler Wright: fic. All again I know that there's some folks from this that help with the folks in the community. If anybody sees any issues inside the GPU, testnet discord channels, please again, feel free to create an issue. Once it's been escalated to the proper channels and again tag those issues as the GPU, test that label and then please feel free to join these six support meetings over the next couple of sessions. So again, the next one I believe in two weeks from today, July 5th, I believe. Where. Again, we'll talk about any outstanding issues that have come up during GPU testnet or in Maine. Net look to triage those issues and then hopefully get some contributions from the community on solving some of those issues.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate everybody that's joined today again. I see everybody here. And everybody here is just a very important part of the Akashi ecosystem. So thank you all for being here, recording and transcription will be made available soon. Does anyone else want to cover anything before I let you go?

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Have a great rest of the day again, just reminder that SIG clients is happening. I believe in a little bit over an hour. Open, registry will be giving a demo during the SIG client session, so if you have the ability against SIG, clients will be starting at 10:30 Pacific.

Tyler Wright: Thanks Talk to y'all soon. Have a great day. Bye.

Scott Carruthers: Restaurant. But

Meeting ended after 00:16:57 ðŸ‘‹

