

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 05, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Artur walked through the issues that have not been triaged yet.
- Artur talked about issue 104. Looks like the issue happens through Console or Cloudmos.
- Scott will try to reproduce this bug via Console or Cloudmos. This issue does not happen in the CLI.
- Artur asked all folks submitting issues to submit provider version.
- Documentation needs to be created for getting provider version.
- Anil brought up adding Provider logs and provider services.
- Anil and Artur talked about updating templates for improving issue development.
- Artur closed issue 102. Scott mentioned that Shimpa had this issue, but there have been no dangling deployments recently.
- Artur talked about issue #100. A spec needs to be created from this.
- Andrey will move todo list to the top of #100, and share in sig-providers. This issue was marked "P2".
- Andrey and Artur talked about issue #98. This is something that Andrey will work on. This is good documentation for those that do not have dev ops. This is a document for admin tasks in ceph.
- Artur talked about issue #96. This issue has been sorted.
- Artur and Scott talked about issue #99.
- Artur talked about issue #84. Artur to ping Pablo on the implementation. 


## Support

- No software bugs found to this point for the GPU Testnet.
- Getting a ton of support from participants, Vanguards and Insiders for GPU Testnet.
- Mainnet support is managed by Insiders and Vanguards, with no software bugs.
- There are a bunch of new users and SDL questions.



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)


### Action Items

- Scott will test issue #104 on deploy tools.
- Scott and Andrey will update documentation for setting up a provider version.
- Artur to clean up templates for support issues repo.
- Scott will look at issue #99, and close if needed.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody. To six supports biweekly meeting number 12, at these meetings archer and a neolitis through a triage of all open issues and support repo. If anybody has any issues that they want to live again, where you submit them inside, the support repo, if their relation to the classical product, there's any issues that are related to console, those issues can be submitted in the console.

Artur Troian: Right, yeah. Hi everyone. Okay, let's screen. So The. More virtualization program provided for the provider and current debut testnet. I don't think we have any thing related for the

Artur Troian: Current Alright,

Artur Troian: let's do. Okay, they were This one. Was open this morning. So yeah, we just been discussing it shortly. There might be a bug somewhere in the provider on the Stage of Submit manifest, it looks like the issue happens only through the cold muscle console. reach makes me to suggest that it's might be related for the way that

Artur Troian: Absence of the GPU in the SDL is being treated by a Cargis. So Scott will be doing some attempts to reproduce it on using Cloud most and the consulators way. But we found out that that doesn't actually happen. So we should be having some more information about this issues. However, I have just about my Couple requests. So number one is when such issues been submitted. It is mandatory to provide the provider version. Number one,

Artur Troian: Number two. We might actually start asking to Manifest object from the deployment. So that gonna help us to see everything that has been submitted during the deployment rate as well as said manifest. and I probably need Andy or Scott to create documentation on that and at the monetary step, So we can speed up resolution on those box.

Artur Troian: And any questions third.

Artur Troian: it be one and the provider. Also, that's what they want.

Artur Troian: All right, let's move on that.

Artur Troian: This one. So, You know what?

Anil Murty: Hey, I was just checking the template for the issues in the support repo. I guess it then makes sense to add the things that you mentioned the version of the provider as well as, The requirements for the logs. To that template.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's tough question though. I was thinking about that, we probably should, so discussion on that. That's one of the disadvantages to have one Reaper for all the issues. Because people gonna be a struggling to create,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yep.

Artur Troian: you can set up multiple templates, right? The problem is that,â€¦

Anil Murty: Right.

Artur Troian: you know, how we encounter force people to use for us, but make sure that people use correct templates. So, I don't know. Yeah, let's give the thing about that. I wish that we had some solution like the easy one. For this kind of thing, we might actually have, what we might have.

Artur Troian: requirement in the testnet somewhere saying hey if the issues been submitted, it must go Through the Support River. Yeah, let's give you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, there's kind of two options. I can think of one is in the existing template. Just make a section that says, If this is a provider bug, then do these are the things

00:05:00

Anil Murty: Issues, either of those work sitting.

Artur Troian: Yeah, so for the first one, I'm kind of capacitant on that the reason why because then the first message becomes, somewhere colored with those. It's gonna be, we want to have this complaints as simple as possible yet sufficients and people just have to scroll through the template when they file the issue. that we just I think gonna have more issues by Having that. Yes, multiple templates sounds as them right solution for that, you just need to figure out. How we can make sure that it's being used correctly.

Anil Murty: Yep. just the existing templates itself has I think a lot of information that's Not super common. most of the bugs that get reported in this repo, I feel are bugs related to core and provider and stuff. So, The existing template asks for mobile device smartphone. I don't think any of that is even relevant.

Artur Troian: Yeah, we need to clean that. I think that was we just copy that from somewhere? Yeah, let's clear. And yeah, let's all right. I'll clean up, make a couple supplies for different things.

Artur Troian: I just go through Github of conversation. See the best way to sort it out.

Anil Murty: I know I was kind of a whole bunch of time on this. I think at the minimum I feel like if you just kill the Smartphone section out of this and maybe even the Desktop section. If it's not super relevant for people working mostly CLI and just add in the provider version. I think that might just do the click for now, but your call.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I mean, here's the thing. We have node repo here as well, so it makes sense if you're just gonna tidy up and make to sort out. okay noise.

Artur Troian: All right, so yesterday actually forgot that we have to do two boys. And issues, right then? In deployments I believe. And the has just wanted to do that and you don't see any, he's not able to reproduce it, so actually gonna call it closed. So,

Artur Troian: Scott that actually you created that. But â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I think we can close.

Artur Troian: who has reported that issues. Was that you or someone else from this car?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, it was Champa from the community had several examples of dang Deployments we have, had any? I think it were okay to close it. If it occurs again, we can open a new issue.

Artur Troian: Alright, okay.

Artur Troian: that's fresh comment. okay. No. What is that?

Artur Troian: Okay, that's obviously support.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, that's actually the good thing you probably need to write up. So the specification for that what actually needs to be done, what parts of the provider deployment process? It touches isn't just the configuration for example if it's just going to configuration. So then we have to tidy upright this back. And what we expect from this thing. and if he's just actually support all of the box, With, MIMO changes to the configuration. As I can see. It looks like it is then

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just to do there. If you go a little bit down, scroll down.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Can you Yeah?

Andrey Arapov: I think it's Yeah.

Artur Troian: Can you actually move to do up this one skate Yet? Here's the problem. Yeah. you just go through you expect that's just, some debacing or developing progress and about, apparently there is a to do so Yeah. Can you just move it up? And yeah, just

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Yeah. No problem.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: A guitar.

Tyler Wright: Archer. You're talking about a spec needs to be created. For this, is this something that should go under SIG providers, or where do you think this should live for next steps?

Artur Troian: Good call here. That should be you.

Tyler Wright: Sorry, one more time I think you cut out for a quick second there.

Artur Troian: Know that should be working group provider.

Tyler Wright: Okay, I'm gonna stick providers and we'll figure out.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yes, I see provider.

Artur Troian: Yeah. All right.

Tyler Wright: yeah, you Are cool. and if you have a second, can you post this in discord and let folks know a little synopsis so that people can start to have conversation about that if they haven't already?

Andrey Arapov: Somewhere in seek providers orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: yeah, I will.

Tyler Wright: please and see.

Artur Troian: let me see if you need to put any sort of. Personal labels on that. No. Yeah, so let's put it sort of not that much important but it's good to have gonna put P2 on that. All right.

Artur Troian: What is this one? What can be added?

Andrey Arapov: This is something I just summarized there's some bunch of produce whenever I have free time to do this.

Artur Troian: okay.

Andrey Arapov: Probably get back thereâ€¦

Artur Troian: it's

Andrey Arapov: because this is something like for several administration because there are many things like, sometimes you need to add or replace the disk and self and I was thinking maybe if we provide instructions, how to do this or instructions, how to make up things something like for the administrator normally develops guys should know this but since we don't mostly have junior jobs or non develops at all. Those people who use our dogs to deploy the entire thing? Think it would be worth this information so we can just point finger there. there is a superment if you want to replace a greater cluster of the Meetings basically administrative for routines test.

Artur Troian: Okay, let's just do that.

Artur Troian: Let's be. Yeah, that's a good call. So I'm just type in the comment. Let's split that into multiple issues. Number one is

Artur Troian: btcd.

Artur Troian: Because then is the staff. So because they unrelated, right? So let's have

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, it's better to split that. I was just taking it out from some of the notes I had. And yeah, it's definitely deserves splitting in smaller pieces.

Artur Troian: Yeah, let's like I'm kind of hesited on having nodes in the issues because it's just kind of but practice to help those they should the idea of the issues that it has to describe particular issues and the solution for that. so, probably better use Nodes, and then reminders on them, when you have a time, just create the proper issues otherwise, so what happens is, Yeah, we're gonna now spend time on trashing this issues and then we're gonna close it and we're gonna open to new one, and it's just not that efficient, I think.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, makes sense. It just a lipstinks. Are around here. Different makes sense. Good call.

Artur Troian: Okay, all Change low. Yeah, so that one has been sorted. Let me actually.

Artur Troian: What's a link for that? We already have change log for network upgrades, so It is here. One second.

Artur Troian: It's all this. So yeah, we finally consummated the Changes inside this document. and very first upgrade, which is going to be in times end of this month. It's called 324. And it describes all the changes that we are bringing in. There are reserved addresses for privacy network upgrades. We gonna put just for history purposes, all to presentation into that. So everyone can see what has been changed in the state since they might not.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: All right, moving on. That one is closed. What else do we have? A simple order. And his Scott. Do you think it's The real one or we can.

Artur Troian: Close it.

Artur Troian: Inventory. Yes.

Scott Carruthers: And sorry.

Artur Troian: Presumably the version it's got, it's really old one. So we shouldn't be A case, do you remember the context of that was related to GPU or

Scott Carruthers: Look, let me get in and it says, so all that. I just want to make sure that my memory is fresh.

Artur Troian: I'll mention youâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: I'll pop in and take a look at this issues and close it out. If

Artur Troian: if you answer, you see the

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Artur Troian: Okay.

Artur Troian: Alright, a thing. What?

Artur Troian: Is that I need to keep my iron that document or Tyler I think. I Dennis, and Cloud. And do we have any updating that or what's going on here?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, this is a short tracking Dr. 2.0, This is stuff that gets happened in SIG documentation as well as a working group around, Dr. 2.0. So this is just tracking any changes and design edits get tracked in here. So I believe that there's gonna be another working group session.

Artur Troian: Ice cream.

Tyler Wright: It's gonna be happening over the next couple of weeks. And then, the migration over to Hugo should be happening over the next month. So this is just like again, track another

Artur Troian: I say, Okay, that makes sense. All right, Cool. So I think This one is long saying, Let me just go through So That one is difficult one and being Pablo on the Details of the implementation. He has done on that. I need to revise it and say if it's ready because we had numerous amount of conversation about Issues. And

Artur Troian: Possible ways to implement that. So I frankly say a completely forgot the context on which one we agreed to go through. So I'm gonna have to, research myself, through those issues. I'm probably gonna do it sometimes. Actually, and if you are watching this video, give me a shot in this course, because of the call.

Artur Troian: And I think on this note, that will be it, any questions.

Artur Troian: All right, Tyler coming to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Artur. I know Through the GPU Test Center. There's been a significant amount of support from insiders and vanguards, as well as those that are participating in the GPU test and they're just giving their insights to other members and other participants, Scott, you should around this time. I handed over to you to give any updates on what you're saying. On the support side, I'll hand over to you again, support.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, this is gonna be pretty quick there. So, there's no significant or no software, bugs, or issues for may not release. So yes. Tyler just stated obviously a symptom of support over the last Several weeks for now completed or still in progress, I'm Provider builds for testnet. So a ton of support there with documentation and supporting users through build issues. And then Us as we start to get into SDL building and benchmarking and things like that, a lot of support in those realms as well. But really Fast. Vast majority of support has been for testnet issues. The effort may not support is again, there's been no software bugs new issues and really they insiders are handling a vast majority of issues that are coming in. And as I have been in the last several weeks, most of those

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: Issues that are being dealt with by insiders are just new users and SDL questions or deployment issues and some things like that, but nothing of real significance.

Scott Carruthers: That's it for support.

Tyler Wright: All right. Thank you. Scott as taking some notes. is there anything else Sig support related to anybody wants to bring up now?

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else. Then again to read me for six support will get updated again. This is the biweekly meeting. So, the recordings, the transcriptions and all the notes will be updated very shortly, folks that are participating in CPU test, that please continue to participate inside the GPU provider and paper channels. You see any issues again? please address those in discord and in those things can be escalated, the proper channels again. If you have, please listen or watch this video. If you want to know more about how to properly create issues, I know the templates will get updated before next meetings. But again, thank you to all participated and thanks to all the listening later. Much appreciate this group for being here today. Anything else before let's all go.

Tyler Wright: Hope everybody has a great rest of the day.

Andrey Arapov: Thank everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:21:58 ðŸ‘‹

