
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 19, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://2h3agdjlk4bgvwpijw75px2cg33dirrwb43nxfy7mw4hzkhmdvoq.arweave.net/0fYDDStXAmrZ6E2_199CNvY0RjYPNtuXH2W4fKjsHV0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happenned in sig-support biweekly meeting #12
- Artur discussed [issue #104](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/104).
- Mapping and validation had to be refactored. The issue has been updated and merged into the Akash API.
- During testing, there was a few things missing in the validation process. Changes have been made, and changes will be coming to the node and the provider repos.
- Artur thinks that [issue 106](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/106) will be solved by 104
- Issue 106 is "p1".
- Artur and Andrey talked about issue 107. This is an issue in mainnet.
- Artur and Andrey talked about issue 108. This needs to be fixed before mainnet upgrade.
- Andrey wanted to discuss issue #1.
- No new features; just focusing on bug fixes.
- Scott talked about support. There is a lot of support about GPU Testnets.


## Support

- There have been a lot of interesting conversations on the provider (in the provider channel on discord) front, but very few bugs on mainnet.
- Insiders and Vanguards continue to help new users with any issues they may have with deploying or providing on the network. 


### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)
- [Issue #104](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/104)
- [issue #106](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/106)


### Action Items

- Artur to add the Network added to the template for bugs and issues.
- Andrey to test issue #92 by 88plug after upgrading the sandbox.
- [Issue #1](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/1) needs further investigation.
  
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to six number 13. At these biweekly support meetings. We go through open issues and sometimes clothes issues in the support repo triage, those issues that they need to be triage and discuss potential solutions.

Tyler Wright: Out of the last six support biweekly meeting there was some discussion about some bugs that came out of the incentivize testnet that AI Incentivized test sent just ended again today. But there's been a couple of bugs that have been brought to the surface that the core team has been working on issues number 104, and number 106. And so there were some action items for those to continue to be tested and validated out of the last six support meeting by Scott has done that work and updated the tickets. Scan Artur worked with the rest of the core team to address the problems and then work on solutions. And so I'll hand it over to our chair, to talk about issues number 104 and then go through the normal six support agenda.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Everyone. All right. Let's share screen.

Artur Troian: and let's start for

Artur Troian: what's called Yeah, a little bit of Recap on the issues. So what was happening here that Is the sdls that have And this multiple services references referencing, those profiles within the standard one. could happen that on using some clients, the

Artur Troian: Order of the resource units within deployment group. Does not march, the order within my first. It was sort of like it has to be really good coincidence, to have that, but anyways, it could happen and we've seen that happening on the testnet. So, what we've done in this case, we had to do a little bit of refactoring to the one by the three API. As well as the one beta to manifest. So, what we have right now is that is there's gonna be a resource ID. That going to be present in both.

Artur Troian: Deployment group. Sorry groups back as well as the moneygrass services and that way provider when it On the first of all it gonna be able to map correct cluster locator resources for the specific Resources group. And then when manifest comes into the provider, you can do mapping and validation. so The defeats is.

Artur Troian: Already in the agartopi and we release this morning. So if anyone interested, just go and check the Photo portion of the GAR about it, actually, references the issues. So you could be able to easily define that

Artur Troian: During that sort of fix XML. Let's say small feature. We found there are a few things missing in the validation of the manifest. so, we took this opportunity to improve pretty much speaking the boundaries of validation and matting between booksparks, as well as the manager services. Right now we just in the middle of the sink of that so they're going to be full of changes for the node as well as the provider. Any questions to this issue.

Artur Troian: All right, moving on.

Artur Troian: Let's see what we've got. There is one more issue, so it may not be it when they always inspired. I think that issues is going to be fixed the same one of four. So, we're gonna give it a check, just like, sure that it's been fixed. If not, we will follow up on that.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Three are so that's actually if you want.

Artur Troian: Be terrible provider. Okay.

Artur Troian: To. So there's a couple new issues happened on the testnet.

Artur Troian: Let's see this one. Hey, may not or is this issue on the test?

Andrey Arapov: The mind.

Artur Troian: Doesn't matter. Okay, Let's have a label. It's in my nuts. Otherwise it's hard to or No, let's do next. Let's Put a requirement so you put that yes, or about that. I didn't see. so let's have here in the template, they will update the network. You're gonna put the network that because the same version can run on and that's not I will decided that versions.

Andrey Arapov: Okay. Yeah, thanks.

Andrey Arapov: I think I'm usually adding it but probably forgot.

Artur Troian: I designed. Okay, So we're gonna check it then just make sure that it is Not happening or if it does happen, we gonna have to think about that. Okay, so

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I actually described the reproducer in the bottom of the ticket, we just need to look at them, basically try to reproduce it. I was thinking to do it today, but that's busy with Sandbox.

Artur Troian: All And So this is what this is happening on the planet as well, right?

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I described it on the third line, you see?

Artur Troian: yeah, so yeah. Okay. all right. So that is Different key.

Artur Troian: I'll give it detail. Look on that. We're gonna have to fix this issues on the before. I'm right is coming in case we need to do any SDL changes. All right. What else do we have? Let me see if you unable issues. No. Good entry hours. Okay.

Andrey Arapov: The artery. I can also check a place if the number one in this repo, just was wondering if we could accelerate it somehow. Or prioritize.

Artur Troian: Okay, let's focus once again yellows.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, for later.

Artur Troian: You figure out this one about can Hey, and can you Pass that one. And

Artur Troian: on the

Artur Troian: Yes, let's do network of great for this unbox and I was tested. Just make sure that gonna have it. I believe the decision was fixed a while ago. You guys know that you are just gone and that is provided for the provider. issue. Number one.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: We're gonna open any issues and just replace the number.

Artur Troian: And work. why are

Andrey Arapov: I was thinking I was on mute in the bottom of the. there is a consider name selector. I'm adding for the ingress engine X. essentially understanding the deployment, Hey, if you are talking to your allowed to talk to the ingress in genetics so that the force exposed by other applications, that it won't be restricted. That's what needs to be added.

00:10:00

Andrey Arapov: it's two different deployments not to services within the single.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Except for example Europe can run RPC note and you want to expose it It's part to six, six, five, seven. Let's say. And the rest of the Internet can actually use it without any issues, but if you want to use it from the same provider worker note, or from the same provider, it will be blocked because of the net policy. And this is a

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: I Certain that I just found the workground I described here. Exactly the name selector. Basically, I'm just telling, Hey, if you're a normal deployment and we have the net policy acres deployment restrictions, I'm just saying that hey, you can access the ingress engine X and it actually works. and I don't see an issue allowing the car's deployments will access the internal ingress in Gen X because anyway it's all mean the entire thing in the entire Internet can access it. Why not to have the deployments are going to allow deployments access as well. The local ones.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: The person, thank you Archer, you much, appreciate it around this time per. Usually, I handed over to Scott to give us a sense of what's going on and support any themes, or any issues. So I'll hand over to Scott to just give it a quick update on the support front and discord and they cost the community in general.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, it says, as has been the case, the last few weeks, obviously, the most interesting, Conversation is in development, have been in the GPU testnet, which we've already covered the bugs identified. Have been no new issues or bugs aside. I guess there was The one Andy open today about IP leases on. I believe, that's the only new issues created for May not use over the last couple of weeks in general. I support as again, obviously a lot of activity for The GPU testnet but regarding may not support. It's been pretty light. There's been a lot of interesting conversations recently. Thanks on that. Andy have been involved in and

Scott Carruthers: Like relining bandwidth metering for maina providers. And so, a lot of interesting conversations especially on the provider front and then just the typical assistant of new users. Also, we've done some assistance and new providers being spun up both on. May not a test, not so, pretty much just normal activity to get a new users and new providers online. Nothing really of significance. Other than that,

Tyler Wright: Personally, thank you, Scott. All right, is there anything that hasn't been covered on the support from front that anybody wants to bring up and discuss now?

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Just a reminder, again, the GPU AI incentivized test that has just ended. There will be some additional testing for again, some of the work around some of the bugs found in the GPU testnet, as well as take pay and save payments. If anybody wants to get involved in some of that testing in their part, the inside our community, certainly, look out for announcements coming soon to help support some of that testing. If you're not a part of the entire community, one help with testing. Again, please, sign up to join the insider community. That's where some of the folks that are a little more technical and know the prodigal, the more we rely on them to help with the testing new features. Testing bug fixes and just putting in Net environments through the paces to make sure that again, everything is stable and running properly.

Tyler Wright: But again there's nothing else then Thank you everybody else for taking the time to join this and again we'll talk between meetings on Discord but everyone have a great rest of the day. Reminded that SIG clients is happening in about an hour and a half. But again, everyone have a great rest of the day.

Anil Murty: Take a data and I'll do.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright: Me. But

Meeting ended after 00:16:39 ðŸ‘‹

