
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #14

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 02, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://6j375fu3vi5nk6lwsh4llsagdgbqs4y3cdcyeksnhmvbcgimvqnq.arweave.net/8nf-lpuqOtV5dpH4tcgGGYMJcxsQxYIqTTsqERkMrBs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Cheng Wang
- Julius Haus
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happened in sig-support biweekly meeting #14
- Artur talked about issue 108. There seems to be a misunderstanding on how MTLS works, and how it is being used.
- Artur mentiomed there is documentation about MTLS, but he mentioned at a high level why this is not an issue.
- Artur gave an update on issue 104. Compute profiles that were combined into group spec lacked any ordering. The provider does not know which compute profile to use.
- Scott tested yesterday, and it seems to be resolved. Members of the community are testing over the coming days.
- Issue 106 is related, and hoepfully the fix for issue 104 solves it. This will be monitored.
- Artur asked Andy more detail about issue 107.
- Should be a work around by using the full node. If that does not help, we will look at this after the network upgrade.
- Artur mentioned that there is extensive testing happening in the Sandbox.
- Cheng asked about the Cloudflare issue. 
- Julius talked about someone in deployment using DSEQ environment variable for a deployment.
- The correct way to go through is to use flex.
- Artur walked through this issue with Julius. 


## Support

- Scott mentioned that there is a steady state right now in support.
- There are no new issues in Mainnet.
- There are people interested in GPUs, so users are assisted in Testnet.
- There is new release testing happening in Sandbox.
- Rodri mentioned that there are still people testing in GPU testnet.
- It is fine for people to use the Testnet 2 environment to test GPUs.


### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)
- [Issue #104](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/104)
- [issue #106](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/106)


### Action Items

- Artur to look at issue #1 after mainnet upgrade.
- Andy to look at issue #92. 
  
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to think number 14 at these. Biweekly support meetings. Any open issues get triage led by Archer. There is a discussion that's had about anything related to support happening in discord or any of the other channels. So if there's anything worth highlighting, Scott and members of the community, usually talk about this during the support part of the agenda, and then again, we have open discussions about any issues anybody on the call. Want to discuss.

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any other questions or comments that they want to talk about, it's what listen to this recording or reading the transcript. Please feel free to go into six support channel to talk about any issues or again. Please, feel free to comment on the issues inside of Github and somebody from the core team or somebody from the community can get you an answer very quickly. So again, as a part of our typical agenda Archer usually walks us through any open issues and anything that needs to be triage will solve hand it over to Archer to get a kicked off.

Artur Troian: think about It. All Hello, everyone. Let's get our tickets for that one second but mission screen. And all right, one or nine.

Artur Troian: yeah. So Just a little bit of the ground on That question actually has been asked quite a few times in the past, though. It claims that anyone could make.

Artur Troian: Dodge Ce Objective authentication. But it looks like there is a bit of sometimes, lack of understanding of how Mtls works, and how it's been implemented on the Aka I believe we have enough documentation on the doctor's natural to explain that. But we will distribute just in case. So what happens is, there's a client that

Artur Troian: Potentially Eggman could just dodge the certificate for Writing client, ID or account, the cash address. Though, they can produce certificate, they won't be able to commit that to the network or number of reasons. And their messages I haven't tested that. So the either of us reply with the Sort of explanation like short summary on why? It's not actually the case. And actually pause it and if that's the issue or anyone has steps to reproduce, we happy to take it over.

Artur Troian: All right, moving on. Let's say if you have any reliable issues, any version for triage? No. Okay, so we don't pretty much have as many issues as it Looks to be. So there was a one that we actually closed. It's called every one of four. I just want to give a little bit of update on this one. So what was happening that and profile is complete profiles, are

Artur Troian: Combined into the group Spec. There is no sort of. Ordering for them. And there's no way identification for that. What could happen is if deployment has multiple compute for files for each profile for different service, the provider during deploying doesn't actually know which could be profile to correctly. Use that in the past, it was Unofficially relied on the order. Which is actually not quite correct number of reasons. So we address that now responsibility profiles that I have resource ID which is calculated by SDL Parser. And be support of that for provide as well.

Artur Troian: that's particularly useful for cases. When let's say, SDL has multiple services and one of them uses for example, GPU, and another one doesn't use GPU that way the Manifest has to specify which resources you wants to use. So that all has been fixed and as of yesterday is called awarded That doesn't Condescend Box. Actually, confirms that this issues of resolved Then moving on.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: To the 106. so, that is Probably related. We're gonna give it a test during the sandbox, just make sure that is the issues solder. If not, I'm gonna Look into that deeper, just make sure that everything is alright. okay.

Artur Troian: This one. what is the close second?

Artur Troian: Is.

Artur Troian: So won't you? I don't know. Isn't happening, if RPC is started from prune, snapshot or started from or disease behind.

Andrey Arapov: That's the default RPC configuration and I'm not sure accelerator is What configuration he had but there is steps necessary for reproducing it and it could be a good point to add, the pruning and setting enabled and disabled as well.

Artur Troian: Okay, yeah I don't think it's really crucial for these upcoming network grade. So we won't really just keep it on the P2 if there's a workaround that's a good way. I think there should be around by using the full note. For that. But if it doesn't help, then we're gonna take a look at that after network upgrade.

Artur Troian: Okay, that one is done. So we don't actually have a new issues on the support repo. We are right now at the stage of pretty much. Last Clear network, doing some extensive testing on the sandbox. That enterprise all the fixes me provided starting during the review testnet.

Artur Troian: All magic looks good so far. I think that will be it, but you are.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Artur. Does anyone have any questions or comments about any issues that have been recently triage or any issues that Archer discussed today?

Tyler Wright: Is there any questions or does anyone have any comments about any open issues that they want more clarity on from any members of the core team or anything they want to talk about with the group right now?

Tyler Wright: And go ahead.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I'm late guys. Not sure if it's related to anything but within the website repo

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah. So we need someone to go to the CLOUDFLARE account. I have access, I just haven't got time really deep into this qualifier pages.

Cheng Wang: No worries. Yeah, I just want to bring it. I'm not urgent at all.

Artur Troian: Yeah. It could be so I don't know I think there was a reason why we set up for flower pages. So if you go to the CLOUDFLARE account and check the locks there, there should be some cool white, what the system?

Cheng Wang: Yeah, he knows I'll follow up with him. This wasn't sure. I just wanted to bring it up and here not sure it was hard place.

Tyler Wright: Hey, this is support. So you're in the right place to

Cheng Wang: But I appreciate it.

Tyler Wright: Are there any other issues open issues or recently closed issues that anybody wants to discuss right now?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Julius.

Julius Haus: and just a short message, I saw a message in the deployment channel where someone tried to use the CLI to deploy and he had a problem that the provider Script, always take these Eq. As from the environment variable. And he couldn't really create a deployment. So the only question was, Is this? Yeah, but

00:10:00

Artur Troian: Yeah that's because that issues been a longer stop using a car attached the sequence environment variable, that's my suggestion really, it's incorrect use. So you probably actually gonna just turn it off or sake of

Artur Troian: Simplicity, and It's I mean frankly saying any environment, we're able could be said somewhere and just forgot about that. That's why we encourage people that using Hey, make sure every time you use it that you have, first of all,

Artur Troian: use their end, for example. So that allows you to use different settings if you want to. Number two, is things like the sequence group sequence, Than in order sequence. Whatever else don't set them through the akash environment variables because it's really easy to mess it up for God to reset it. And then it's just gonna blow up at some point. so for example, if you just, sad, I told if you just have, Akash that chain ID to different value. For example, it's gonna blow up as the same as the sequence. So the correct way to go through is just to use the flags

Julius Haus: But it's not possible to completely deactivate this. Functionality It always takes the environment variable.

Artur Troian: Of course not because Here's coming for us, right? So

Artur Troian: There is a croissants where value for the configuration is taken from. So the lowest priority is config Then the next one is environment variable. So the lowest priority is default is For the sequence or one thing. Then the second one is value from config. Which is omitted so this gives us that environment. We're able and then CLI flag, right? Once again, I don't think actually turning it off for the sequence is a good idea because it's just gonna create a spaghetti called for that. I would say

Artur Troian: Not quite correct, use of the tool, So the sequence should not be set in the environment variable for regular use, there are use cases where it's useful, but for regular client and they should use flags not environment variables. that's the only suggestion for that.

Julius Haus: Okay, thank you. It's much clearer now.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Julius. Are there any other? I guess, that's a great segue into, usually, around this part of the agenda, We'll talk to folks, like Scott and Raji who are often in discord and other channels talking to members of the community and talking to new and existing users, helping them with any issues they may have. Scott Roger, is there anything worth noting from the support side and discord and elsewhere over the last couple of weeks?

Scott Carruthers: as has been the case, for the last several weeks were in a pretty stay operating state as we know from archers review of open issues. There's been no may not Open over the last couple of weeks. So majority for activity, is too fold. One obviously a lot of support activity as testnet ramp down, we still have Julius. And I were both supporting a user today even though instead of ice Cessna is over, we still have a number of people that are interested in AI training models and use some GPUs filled coin in that environment. So we're still continuing to assist users.

Scott Carruthers: And in test not. And then obviously, as we have gotten new release code addressing bugs, were we're now testing that. So, majority of support activity, has either been in test, net, new release testing. And then the support for MAINNET is just been the typical support of new users and providers coming online, but no significant bugs or issues.

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: To answer rotary.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: I don't know if you'd had anything in addition that you want to add from the support that you've had with the community over the last couple weeks.

Rodrigo Rochin: No. Yes, like you said mostly on helping our in GPU Testnet related questions. Afterwards. my only doubt is I've been pointing. out, some people wanted some attitude to test and just Since they're still GPUs available and pointing them to that testament. Guessing it's okay.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, certainly while we don't want to discourage Continue to experimentation on testnet. So yeah we've discussed internally and I think we shared this in some public channels that obviously some providers are coming in offline and testnet but a number of remain. And if there's continuing interest in testing GPUs and workloads and test not O2 that's perfectly fine.

Tyler Wright: No. Absolutely. The people want to bring up providers or again test, various deployments. They can, if people want to bring down their provided resources because it costs completely understand that. But other than that, I think, again, we're continuing is Scott mentioned to allow people to test GPUs and test that environment. Again, I know it's for folks on anybody on this call. I think most people in this color in that group that can work with the CLI there is again, testing continuing right now on issues 104, The Archer talked about the type of call, as well as the number of different scenarios with the network, in the newest code that's been released at Scott and Archer mentioned. So if anybody from this group on this call, that's not in those channels wants to support testing in the CLI right now. And then again support using some of the deploy tools when they're ready. Places. Ping me.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else really support related to anybody wants to talk about at this time?

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else, much. Appreciate, everyone's time today again. Thank you to the insiders and vanguards for all the support that they offer on all. Again, public facing channels, much, appreciate all the efforts, obviously thank you to Scott and Andre as they continue to be resources in support and be escalation paths for any real issues. And then obviously Arturo to work that he does and leading this call and beyond so much. Appreciate everybody here, thanks to all that are listening in or reading the transcript later. And again, feel free to message in Github on any specific issues or in discord, six support channel. If you have any questions, comments, concerns. Everyone has a great day. Thank you. All

Cheng Wang: And thank you, Ty for running all of these.

Tyler Wright: Right. Everyone have a great day. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you. Have a good one, right?

Scott Carruthers: Instagram.

Cheng Wang: but these

Rodrigo Rochin: Bye.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:18:37 ðŸ‘‹

