
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 16, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://vnvl63bhnc5bjxxyfm6zonwlfwgvfdut34tx5mwx7k7rtcloe6fq.arweave.net/q2q_bCdouhTe-Cs9lzbLLY1SjpPfJ36y1_q_GYluJ4s)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Christian Cora
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happened in sig-support biweekly meeting #14
- Artur recapped that the network upgrade is very close to being ready. There were some new issues related to new features that will be coming in the mainnet upgrade.
- There are a few things happening with the Akash node. Overclock Labs has released Changelog. A few changes needed to be included like Take pay and state changes.
- You can find changelog here
- Andrey and Artur talked about issue #110. There could be different pools for different services.
- Andrey talked about issue . This issue will be closed.
- Artur talked about issue 105. This will be working on after the network upgrade.
- Issue 108 will be worked on after the network upgrade.
- Artur mentioned that releases coming up later this week or early next week. These will be final for network upgrade.
- Tyler mentioned moving the sig-support meeting up and hour or so. Tyler will pitch this idea in discord, and move the future meetings if new time is decided upon.



## Support

- Normal activity in channels. There is no new issues, except for those
- Community members have been testing in Sandbox.
- Scott mentioned that a provider is having an issue with leases not being withdrawn from. This is a very rare issue. This is happening in Helm and in praetor builds. Scott suspects 5% of providers.
- Artur said he thinks he knows where this issue is. The quickest fix is to restart provider.
- Artur asked what is the least withdrawal time for those? Scott thinks it is 12 hours.
- Artur says there should be logs for this information. Scott will let the provider run for a little bit, because his logs went back over 3 hours.
- Andrey said that Scott can also check on chain. 



### Highest Priority Issues

- [Issue #73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73)



### Action Items

- Scott will make a ticket for the issue  around provider withdrawal.
- Artur working on updating Changelog.
- Tyler to discuss moving sig-support to earlier in the day for everyone.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to six support biweekly meeting number 15. At the Support Special Interest group, the group talks about support going on in the ecosystem. Both on telegram on discord and elsewhere as well as the agenda starts with archer going through, any issues that anybody on the call wants to talk about and specifically any issues that need to be there are waiting triage so that again those issues could be triage prioritized and discussed in detail.

Tyler Wright: Out of the last meeting there was continued discussion about a number of issues. Some of those issues have now been fixed issues. Number 104, has been fixed issues Number 112. Those issues have solutions, are now closed and have been tested by both overclock labs teams and also the Akash community, There was some discussions around some other issues and just general questions from some of the community members. So please feel free to look at the video and notes from the previous meeting.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Hello everyone. Okay, let me share. This screen right now.

Artur Troian: All right, so a little recap on a final right now. For the left great. And there were a few minor issues happened. That America related to new features that were introduced. Recently, there was some attention extensions, to the meeting process, as well as resource units that are necessary for GPU support. And we noticed a few minor box related to that. They were all fixed and right now we have Undergoing testing. I've said the final round of testing for all of the features that have been introduced. So there won't be any PRS or issues.

Artur Troian: Included this in probably next week or two. So, few things for the akash node is known as

Artur Troian: We both for the Blockchain itself. So, You are going to release Change log. So we actually have released into work for the network, upgrade itself, or their key changes need to be added. One of them is it's gonna introduce the fault. Takeaway for a car currency. And some other details related to state changes that gonna be applied your network upgrade. All of those things can be found over here. Let me just show it.

Artur Troian: So that's gonna be that it all change. and right now as you can see, they take the 24 which is the next grade is quite big. Amount of things that we bring for the state. all right. Moving on.

Artur Troian: Let's just check them any unlabeled issues. That we have. you have any of those?

Artur Troian: Let's see. What is this one?

Artur Troian: Where is that? Andy?

Andrey Arapov: As that just, we are creating tools have pools. One is a cash, deployments that is using the valued by Akash and for deployments and the cash notes is never used it just there, it was historically under the documentation.

Artur Troian: 

Andrey Arapov: Historically, was in initial scripts of the provider and I never seen it was used,

Artur Troian: I think. No, that was actually reason for that as

Artur Troian: There could be separate Set pools for. God. S services running andâ€¦

00:05:00

Andrey Arapov: different storage, the front cluster

Artur Troian: for tenant workloads. So in the way that the provider goods, for example, take down nodes pull without touching rotary reason why to reconfigure it or change it promotes on support? I still think it has to be as an option. but we just have a document that So yeah, I'll stand it to you and I'll leave a comments that we shouldn't actually deprecated, but we should probably make the conversation or clear. Why? It is a good option for some providers to have it? I think

Andrey Arapov: It would be nice because Steven right now, I don't really understand why we need it because, we just created and nobody's really using it. When everyone can create as many pools as he wants, it's in the Self-configuration in order documentation, it just can copy paste. The standard block the information about the pull and creates managed they want. So then right now just understand. Not sure if they just generally needed at all.

Artur Troian: all right, just to begin with is that

Andrey Arapov: It's our sandbox provider. I just noticed one day it was just up and running and suddenly it wasn't meeting anything but the same time when I run a provider services events just to make sure that see the RPC and the new deployment or the requests, it sees them, but the provider just don't know the building. Nothing not writing anything. To locks was just up and running.

Artur Troian: No. I can see the actual logs, so it says the deletion of fallen.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, these are the last looks but not the nuance if you create the new ones It wasn't like doing anything after that. And I wrote in a very first line that it's Stop bidding after this. Unknown list forbid message to the last message.

Artur Troian: So that Okay.

Andrey Arapov: I think that it has to do something to the I know they say account sequence. Number probably,

Andrey Arapov: Or maybe not because Sandbox the show shouldn't be. But just theoretically

Andrey Arapov: the ones and it happens on the Circito only and I haven't seen before and after

Artur Troian: Okay, let's close it. Then if you just pops up the,

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah, Phil to close the canary open, if it's persistent there.

Artur Troian: Okay.

Artur Troian: what else do we have here on? All right,

Artur Troian: Yeah, we will leave the city for Mouse and there is no room to fix it right now. You'll see still comes in after network of great.

Artur Troian: have a bombers, it's about

Artur Troian: Yeah. you want to fix it right now, so it's gonna be after network upgrade sometimes. okay, so I think That is all about new issues. All right, so we're gonna Releases. Minor. Sorry the routines is actually coming up. Maybe sometime later this week or next week, those releases gonna be pretty much final for the network, the only thing for us to test is,

Artur Troian: For the migration but that's a good one solution issues so I think that will be it from current engineering side. Tyler

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you, does anyone have a questions comments about anything that Archer talked about as we triassimo issues? Again, if anybody's watching this or looking at the transcript later, please feel free to put any questions in the six support meeting in the six Support discord channel rather. And we can look to address those topics during this six support biweekly. One thing that was brought up to make it so that more folks from around the world are able to attend. This biweekly meeting is potentially moving the six support up an hour or two. I think everybody on this call is fine with, moving it up an hour to even 7:00 am Pacific time.

Tyler Wright: As an action item I will ask in the channel and see if there's any objections. Otherwise we will move the next meeting and all future meetings after that to either again, 8am Pacific time or 7 am Pacific time. Every other Wednesday.

Tyler Wright: Next agenda item is Just general support in channels again. I'll hand over to Scott to give us an update on what's going on the support from and discord telegram and elsewhere.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, there's really not been. So the normal activity over the last couple of weeks of supporting new providers and new tennis coming out to the network. But no new issues discovered aside from Those that have already been So majority of support over the last couple weeks have just been testing new Provider releases. And Also testing stable payments and so maintenance, not much mean that activity aside from assisting new users but a majority of the support has been in tustin and sandbox environments as new releases are and features are tested. We It came to my attention over the last couple of days today.

Scott Carruthers: Provider on Mainnet is having an issue and I've talked a little bit with this with Andy and shared some details, but this is a not a prominent issue, happens on a very small percentage of leases, but some evidence of, for some reason, Lisa's not being which are all from. so if you look at the least state, leases that have been up for several days or possibly several weeks have zero withdrawn from the escrow accounts, So initially it looked somewhat prevalent in Prater based installs, but I also saw it on some home-based installs as well. Again, I'm talking about a very low percentage of leases. So there's some providers that don't exhibit this issue at all and home-based providers. Maybe, someone like a 5% Magnitude or something that nature. So again, something that we're

Scott Carruthers: Beginning to look at but that's really the only new issues that's come out with the radar over the last couple weeks.

Scott Carruthers: Go ahead Artur.

Artur Troian: Thanks, so that's I think I know where this issues actually, but we're source is and This is all related. Most, probably to the

Artur Troian: Transaction. Routines that we have in the provider?

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Artur Troian: so, it looks like it just doesn't send withdrawal message and responsibility fails and then just fails to

Artur Troian: really, Retried I think obviously the best quickest fix is to recycle provider I believe but we probably want any workarounds in terms of the code base, I'll be focused on continuous speaking provider into multiple services of sufficient and they're gonna be exactly service that basically. So once we have that, it's gonna be way more clear to understand why this issues happen and what to do next. But not, yeah, I think the best way is to just responsibility, should it's gonna check all of the reasons and some use draw come on to them. so,

Scott Carruthers: Okay, yeah, so there's ship has an instance of this. So yeah, we can certainly restart the provider instance on that and say, over the next 24 hours if it does a lease withdrawal. So yeah, I'll definitely Initiate that and let

Artur Troian: Just a quick question How would the least withdraw time on those providers?

00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: I believe champagne is 12 hours. Yeah.

Artur Troian: So they could preserve provider logs just in case. I think there are some login messages when the withdraw timer. Virus. People released. So there shouldn't be. I did some work instances in that just to check it out if I should provide does it because it's gonna give us some clue and make sure we don't repeat the same issues in the new transaction service.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I was trying to isolate that in ship was in his provider logs while he went back three hours. So you may have actually recently bnces provider instance. But yeah, I' maybe actually before requesting that he restarts his provider Pod, unless it respond. I'll let it run for a little bit longer to see if we can capture anything in logs.

Scott Carruthers: That go ahead and

Andrey Arapov: Yeah yeah I just want to add something like you can maybe check on the immune scan When the last time I mean he's provider was drawing from the lizards and around the time ask him to grab the locks after about half an hour after the time so that you catch this period where it would fail in locks.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah makes sense. I can see when it's what draws are happening. They sign a block explorer and try to get blogs from around that. So yeah, I'll definitely try to get that before we bounce the provider.

Andrey Arapov: yeah, just before the provider restarted to make sure because maybe it's running in the specific condition that in order to show this in logs but after restart, it could go, so

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I'll let you guys know and obviously keep you updated. hopefully we'll have something over the next 24 hours by focusing on this problem lease on shippers provider. So should give us a good place to isolate.

Andrey Arapov: Thanks Can you please also open a small ticket just to keep track of it?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I was thinking about doing that. I just wanted to make sure that it wasn't a known issue or have a little bit more. Intelligence before opening an issues. I think at this point it makes sense to open one. So, yeah, I'll do that this afternoon. All no problem.

Andrey Arapov: Thanks a lot.

Scott Carruthers: 

Scott Carruthers: And yeah Tower. That's all I have.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott. All right, there's no other questions. Then again, from the action lines of this meeting or I'm going to put a message in to support to see if there's any objections. Moving the meeting time earlier. I know that archers going to be working on some releases to be shared with the community, as well as updating change logs. Obviously, andrey's, continuing to work with the community and work on some of these issues and then Scott is going to make a ticket for the issue.

Tyler Wright: But if there's no other questions, concerns, then again, all for listening Thank you, Archer. Andre Scott as always participation. I hope everyone has a great day.

Andrey Arapov: Think about it. Thank you guys. A good one.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:18:24 ðŸ‘‹

