
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 30, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://h74pbkig7ehrbzkxe7njsglonsfukl3b4ft2acgalnjkjavwjipa.arweave.net/P_jwqQb5DxDlVyfamRlubItFL2HhZ6AIwFtSpIK2Sh4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Artur Troian
- Martyn
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happened in sig-support biweekly meeting #15.
- Artur mentioned that the Network Upgrade is tomorrow at 1pm Eastern time. There has not been much work done on support tickets in the last two weeks by the core team, because the Mainnet 6 upgrade.
- Artur talked about [issue 116](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/116). This is a p1 issue. There may not need to be code changes. There may be changes to the
- Artur talked about [issue 73](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/73) which is the Network Upgrade Documentation. This issue is now closed because the work is done.
- Artur talked about [issue 113](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/113). Had to add what kind of currency because of stable payments. This is marked P1. Documentation will be updated around this issue after the network upgrade.
- Scott and Artur talked about [issue 114](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/114). This occurs on 1-5% of leases. This is mostly with Praetor installs, but has also affected none praetor provider builds. Artur mentioned there may be an issue in parser. Provider services will be split into smaller services.
- If issue 114 gets worse, we will prioritize this after the Mainnet upgrade. It is sev2 right now.
- Artur talked about [issue 110](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/110). Do not have to depricate it, but have to make it clear in documentation that this approach is the best, but not required.
- Provider release will be out later today.
- For the next couple of weeks, there may be bugs, so please make issues in the support repo, and feel free to attend future sig-support biweekly meetings.
- Tyler mentioned that announcements will be made BEFORE Providers should upgrade! Instructions will be made available then.
- Tyler mentioned that Praetor is working on their upgrade process as well for those that use Praetor.



## Support

- No mainnet issues have been filed since our last meeting.
- Most support is around Sandbox. Community is helping users set up GPU workloads in Sandbox.
- Rodri mentioned that there are no issues, and support is steady.



### Action Items

- Scott to add comments to [issue 110](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/110).
- Track [issue 114](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/114). 

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG support biweekly meeting number 16.

Tyler Wright: During these six support biweekly meetings Artur leads to group in triaging any issues that are waiting triage out of the last meeting number 15. There are a couple of action items. I know that Scott there was a discussion around a ticket with withdrawal of provider funds, There was a discussion. The last six support meeting about The time of this meeting from 12. Am Eastern nine in Pacific to this time. So this has been agreed upon in the last two weeks. So, the new time is 10 am Eastern seven, am Pacific. And again, it was a couple of other action items around the main upgrade which Artur has completed and shared. So, without further ado, I'll hand over to our church to continue with the typical agenda of triashing any issues that are waiting for us. So Archer, take it away.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Tyler. Hello everyone.

Artur Troian: A little bit of summary so we don't have that many issues. Addressed on last few weeks. We've been heavily working on preparing for the network, Which is gonna be tomorrow at 1pm Eastern time. so I think there are only one issues that works to talk about that, Andy opened his 116, as you may know, The maintenance is bringing up. Non-negative payments for deployments. And

Artur Troian: the main requirement is that the providers could automatically withw. Payments that settled in non-neckitty currency, I believe there is nothing to do from the code by issues but there might be a few changes needed to be done in the viscape. So if you addressing this one sometime, after upgrade, maybe it shouldn't take us actually long. Let me I can try ours. I'm gonna put P1 on that.

Artur Troian: And so we good at that. Network Upgrade One second. Let's double check the upgrade ticket.

Artur Troian: do you happen. To remember, yeah, I found it. So that one will be actually closed. There's mention of huge amount of.

Artur Troian: PRS and commits. So the release is out and I believe we can close it as done.

Artur Troian: All right.

Artur Troian: Yeah, This is a tracking issues for the. melody payments as well. So, there have been some changes into the amount of data, we submitted to be script. we never provided currency type. Privacy. So we had to do that in order for providers to decide to have a information about what kind of currency is that we will be extended API documentation explaining how it all works, right after the great. So that one is

Artur Troian: P1 as And provider. Okay.

Artur Troian: So that one was, I believe this Scott reported. Yes, got the rewarded that. Let's go. Do you have any comments on this issues? Is it I remember for last message from you. It's still a thing on the providers. Am I correct?

Scott Carruthers: This is still an issue much more prominent on Prater installs which I think is a qually different issue and we're hoping a majority of those go away when they migrate to provide her home chart installations. But we do occasionally on Shampo's provider. There are a couple instances where leases are not being all overdrawal So yeah. this still It's a very rare issue. I would say maybe on the magnitude of between one to five percent of leases This occurs on but on occasion, it does occur.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: I say, All right, so let's then have some time to revise it after a poster break. It might have been fixed. So here, this thing have been a pain in a one place for us for a long time. One of the reasons is

Artur Troian: it's been so long, we have decided to split provider into multiple services, so, for example, the thing that causes issues is that Parts that responsible for transactions. And it looks like there is some hiccup, one once again that part. So we don't want to spend much time to reflection That will be actually split into completely separate service. Probably actually, written from scratch. So that's why we don't

Artur Troian: address it. But let's have a look once again after Network operates. that happens. If it does, we will just prioritize splitting provided a test, allocating transaction service into separate instant. So that will allow us to track the issues. Provide more easier, okay? So let me just try it.

Artur Troian: So two.

Artur Troian: And let's say, if you have any onion, I'm waiting for triage, take away. Yeah. Also I have a lot more. Generally from here and this one.

Artur Troian: Yeah, so I think last time we discussed that having a gosh separates of pool. Is actually beneficial for providers. from the subject that Let's say, provider needs to do some maintenance. And it uses staff. To cost let's say volumes for our C note internally. That way and they need, let's say to rebuild the staff or do something else that side we don't have to depreciate it. We just have to make it clear that in the presentation that this particular approach is preferable and give reasons why

Artur Troian: and it's going to be up to the provider to choose how they want to cost internal things on the same self full as talent reports, or they want to have the People. And okay. So

Artur Troian: It's good. Could you take that issues? Probably and maybe make some comments and update documentation on that. And we just can close it.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, this issue.

Artur Troian: Yet just assign it to you.

Artur Troian: We shouldn't have any awaiting for triage, that's good. And let me just check if we have any unliable issues. No amazing. All right, so they provider released gonna be out later today, we still do some testing, just make sure that all the things. of working as expected and

Artur Troian: For the next couple weeks. After network upgrade, we're gonna be having most probably some

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Artur, does anyone have any questions about any of the issues that were discussed or any of other support issues in that's anybody else wants to talk about.

Tyler Wright: next part of the agenda. I usually hand over to Scott and Dora Rodrigo to talk about any general support, maybe call outs or themes that are happening and discord or telegram or elsewhere. So I'll hand over to Scott to give us some update on how supports going.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah so again no I mean that issues have been filed since our last meeting. So the majority of support has may not upgrade related and what sandbox access and utilization. So we're assisting, a lot of users and getting started with GPU deployments and using the sandbox environment. And, of course, A lot of my support time has been doing heavy testing of the network upgrade and Broadway obviously is in the trenches as much as I. So I possibly rotary Rodrigo will have Some things to discuss our things that he's seen, and they current may But yeah, from my perspective, the May not support has been

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: brother study no new issues once again and yes, mostly just getting user started and also assistance With the sandbox use. And that's really all I have.

Tyler Wright: Roger, do you have anything you want to? I don't feel alive but I know that you're meeting with the number of people and again it's Scott mentioned heavily active in the community.

Rodrigo Rochin: 

Rodrigo Rochin: â€¦

Tyler Wright: yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: just Yes. Or on maintenance, everything the same and working on the Akashatan actor channel.

Rodrigo Rochin: Also on the GPU testing it and sandbox like that's it.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Roger.

Tyler Wright: as Artur mentioned, at the top of the call, the main debt six upgrade is going to be happening tomorrow. Again, there will be a number of announcements, I'll be going out today or tomorrow today and tomorrow around the business upgrade. So again, stay tuned for those. There will be a live stream happening. So in the community folks that are interested in learning more about the Mainnet upgrade process can view. It'll be again a room mostly throughout the day leading up to and through the again may not upgrade blackheit time or block height rather of folks like Archer Scott and other members of this core team just staying engaged like we've done in the past with the War Room. Just making sure that again, I was ready to go. There's no issues around documentation and upgrade.

Tyler Wright: Process In general. Again, when the upgrade block height is reached again, there will be validators, that will have to upgrade their infrastructure and once we reach consensus and blocks will start being produced again. So again that process will be

Tyler Wright: A transparent and everybody can tune in there will be a link that will be available discord for folks to watch being YouTube. But again, if anybody has any questions or comments over the next day, feel free to use appropriate channels to ask any of those questions. One thing that I will note on the provider side is providers are not going to be upgrading their infrastructure until there's an announcement made by Scott Archer myself or somebody from the core team. That the provider upgrade is ready to go, I believe that the documentation will be hidden on purpose, and we'll be shared when the time is, right? Because again, we want to make sure that the validators have upgraded and the chain is producing blocks. Before we start letting folks upgrade their providers. there are notes and provider announcements around again. The provider upgrade experience, everybody will have to up.

Tyler Wright: The provider if they want to receive new bids in Net sticks, but again, please look out for announcements and again, I know folks from the insider community, the vanguards and others will continue to push those announcements and communicate those announcements to the community as we go through this very, very exciting time with the maintenance things Does anyone have any questions or comments about announcements? Where to find information etc as we move into tomorrow? Go ahead Roger.

Rodrigo Rochin: But they're,â€¦

Tyler Wright: So to that question we're praying to our team has.

Rodrigo Rochin: they're still not going to be upgrading. Or that depends on the current team that could see.

Tyler Wright: The Overclock core team has been working closely with the priority the pre Is upgrading their tooling right now. So that again, when the upgrade process happens, and folks are approved update their providers. The pre-tor team will have an easy way for those that are using the predator or build process to do that. But whether it's prey tour, or if you're doing CLI builds, nobody, Should be building an upgrading providers until they are notified and the pre-tour team is aware of this too.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: So, again, the first phase will be upgrade of the validators and making sure that the chain is producing blocks and then ones Artur and the rest of the core team feels comfortable with the stability of the network, then announcements will go out on social media, discord, etc, with provider instructions. And then those that again, be a pretor will be able to move forward in upgrading their Prov.

Tyler Wright: If you see any questions, again, please point people in the proper direction. Or you can feel free to reach out to me If you have any questions prior to that, but again, just want to reiterate that there will be an announcement prior to those upgrading their providers. And that announcement will be shared widely and loudly.

Rodrigo Rochin: Awesome. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: The place. My pleasure. Thank you. All right, is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about in terms of any open support issues?

Tyler Wright: Sandbox environment or the main Netflix upgrade?

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, we'll wrap this meeting up. I'm sure there'll be a number of announcements going out and discord. And again, social media open next 24 to 36 hours again, feel free to join us tomorrow, probably starting around 11, am Eastern time again. The upgrade is planned for a schedule for around 1:09. Eastern time tomorrow. So folks For. Data Provider Community. Please make sure to market calendars and wherever you're in the world that you can make sure to stay up around that time so that we can reach consensus. Again, upgrade the network and continue pushing forward

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate everybody joining today. again if anybody has any questions, please feel free to ask them in six support, please feel free to leave a comment related to any issues that you see in the support repo inside of that respective issue. And then again, we'll continue to share announcements in discord and social media over the next day or so As we approach that, they may not upgrade. But thank you all. I hope everybody has a great day. Again, just reminded the steering committee meeting is happening today. And about. Four hours, I believe. But again, the steering committee is meeting is happening today versus tomorrow. So I believe that the 11am Pacific time, so just market calendars for that, as well. Anyway, much appreciate everybody joined today. I hope everybody has a great rest of the day. Thank you all very much.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Artur Troian: Thanks everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:18:42 ðŸ‘‹

