# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #17

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, September 13, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Artur Troian
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Tyler talked about what happenned in sig-support biweekly meeting #16.
- Tyler talked about open issues including [110](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/110), [114](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/114), [116](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/116).
- Artur talked about the network upgrade. 5% validator issue.
- Another issue was found yesterday with AuthZ. v0.26.0 will have fixes for Authorized spend and Validator Commission rate.
- Max suggested there should be an Audit repo for auditing Providers by Andrey.
- Artur looked at [issue 118](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/118).
- Max wanted to discuss 2 AuthZ issues. The first was addressed by Artur previously.  
- Max also wanted to talk about AuthZ where the Authorization only works for 1 deployment. Then the remaining balance gets returned to grantor.
- Artur will work on AuthZ second issue. There may be a need for a network upgrade.
- Artur changed this issue to a "p1", https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/88.
- Max thinks solving this issue will help user experience.
- Max mentioned a feature request. When there is a wildcard for GPUs deployer cannot see which kind of GPU type is being offered.
- Artur asked Max to open an issue. This issue will be discussed next meeting.
- Tyler asked Scott and Akash Insiders / Vanguards for an update on support in the community.



## Support

- Majority of the support has been around the Mainnet upgrade.
- The biggest issues have been around the Provider Migration. Many people have been helped with provider migration.
- With GPUs on the network, there have been some question about deploying GPUs and SDLs.
- There are still issues with AkashJS according to Julius.
- Issue is in AkashJS repo found [here](https://github.com/akash-network/akashjs/issues/58).


### Action Items

- Look into AkashJS issues shared by Julius
- Proposal for Validator 5% commission.
- Artur will look into AuthZ issue 88. 

# **Transcript**


_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. Welcome everybody. meeting number 17 During these six support biweekly meetings, the group goes over any open issues in the support repo for the Akash network core product. A group again, if anything is waiting triage, the group talks about those issues and then Artur leads a group of triashing, those issues After that, we talked to Scott and members of the insider in Vanguard's community about any support happening in any discord telegram, or any other channels, anything of note. And that's a typical agenda for the sixth support biweekly. Again, if anybody in this call has any issues that they want to discuss outside of the ones that are being triage, feel free to bring those issues up. I know out of the last six support biweekly meeting

Tyler Wright: There were some issues discussed, including issue number 116, which was marked as a P1. I know that Scott was add comments to issue number. 110 between biweekly meetings and then the team is tracking issues. Number 114. So again, these are the highest priorities issues 116 114. And 110, I know this is another issues that are also being talked about and discussed but those are the highest priority issues. With that said, I'll kick it over to Archer to get it started with the typical triaging agenda.

Artur Troian: I think so everyone.

Artur Troian: All right, so a couple of things on recap from the upgrade will happen to weeks ago. So pretty much went very well. There are a few minor issues that we are dealing with right now. Number one is the presentation enforcement was actually right run mode and he didn't apply. So we're gonna be issues next couple days to solve this issues in other issues was discovered just yesterday related to

Artur Troian: spend. So as we have moved from V1 by the two API to run by the three API, the authorized spend was extinguishingly one by the two and he started doing upgrade. So I mean network of great v 0.26 gonna equal to fix this for commission for the recognition as well as for authorized fans. It's not a fact theory issues Spence but just for Three minutes. It's so great.

Artur Troian: And okay, the issues. Okay, what is that?

Artur Troian: I, Let's go do it. We actually means those issues here in support. If you do, can you Probably handle them.

Artur Troian: Or.

Scott Carruthers: yeah, we can certainly discuss this internally but that this comes from A couple of providers asking for audit and they discard provider channel and they ask them to open tickets and support.

Artur Troian: Okay, so if you could, so those issues shouldn't be discussed at I so yeah,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, absolutely. I mean any of the provider audit issues,â€¦

Artur Troian: I

Scott Carruthers: we definitely. Don't need to discuss great.

Artur Troian: Yeah, so I know, maybe it's not the support per se, I think we should move them away completely because it's just gonna blow up the Conversation here.

Artur Troian: I just received my first. Yeah, I know this issues.

Artur Troian: Going on with the provider so you can files to upload money fast. If you're not kill these so there's nothing This moment again, provide in the issues.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: I'm so struggling to understand all this issues for I need to discuss it. I don't know. this is all about maybe this lighter to the API but, yeah. that's pretty much it frankly. So I think we've got that. Go cover again.

Max: Character, everyone. So yeah, there's a few issues that I wanted to discuss one of the issues I wanted to discuss. You mentioned it earlier RC The V1 that the two not being handled so this is great that you will fix it. So yeah, I've been working a lot with Audi and fee Grant and stuff recently. So that's why I stumbled on that issue. But yeah, the other issue related to ODD see that I wanted to. about which I feel like it's an important one and we talked about it with Scott as well, is that when you use an authorization for the appointment,

Max: it'll only work for one deployment and then after that, the authorization gets dismissed And I believe that's an issue that has been talked about previously at some point.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah, you know about that issues for a while. So let's do next. Let me this is actually kind of you just yesterday. So it is now I believe Marcos if you too in the support but by then, just remember, if number that we should reaction P1 Yeah, I know So here's the plan.

Artur Troian: as soon as I get, All things done related to the Commission fix as well as each number one for the Aussie the API version migration. As soon as I have that,â€¦

Max: Right.

Artur Troian: I will take a look at that thing and see if you actually need to have network. I'm grateful that We might have to include that so I will give it a check, but we have to fix it. Yeah, that's actually really good call and it starts hurting us. So, I'll try to fix that as soon as they can.

Max: Is there an issues or do you want me to open one?

Artur Troian: Yeah, there's the issue. I believe. We discussed it just yesterday. Maybe remember that.

Max: yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think it might be issues. I'm looking for right now. It's in the 80s. I believe it might be issue number eighty four. Let me

Artur Troian: Let me Okay I'm taking that 18 Yeah I see okay, that's 88. Yeah. Okay,â€¦

Tyler Wright: 88. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Perfectly

Artur Troian: so let's make it 1. I really sign it to myself.

Artur Troian: That is So yeah, I'll try to make it and I remember I look at that while ago and Doubles down by design, but it's not that divided. We wanted now and we need not different way. So, you'll take a look at that and Quite a deadly.

Max: Sounds good, thanks. I believe it will be great for Pre-trial and stuff. And so that the users can spend their whole whatever, how many akts, given as a free trial for many deployments. So, yeah, the last issues.

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Max: I wanted to well, and really an issue.

Max: Aware about it And when you receive a bid, Especially for the GPUs. It's not clear. if you ask for a wild card, or any model for GPUs, it's not specified on the bid. I believe, which GPU the provider is offering andâ€¦

Artur Troian: Right.

00:10:00

Max: I think, Anil, Talked about it with us if that was a feasible on clouds. But we can because we don't know Which one of those being offered.

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah that's actually a good call. So here's the thing right here. What happens during the big process, provider actually knows what GPU it offers for this particular saying, It does not return that the beat information. So we didn't want to implement that just because the required for US changes in the math gene. so what you could do the best option would be to open the issues in the support and describe that? And that has to be fixed as well. and then we're gonna do the planning because even provider makes the beat, it knows exactly what model of the GPU is going to be on. So it's just you need to put that information into the beat.

Max: Yeah, so you need to make a new version of the message prototype and stuff.

Artur Troian: Yeah Exactly yeah correct. So it's gonna be so here's right. unfortunately we kind of make it right now but we'll try to make it as soon as you can, just make sure you make it issues for that and we will triage and put that the next up presentation.

Max: I'll do sounds good. That's it for me. Thanks.

Artur Troian: All right, amazing. Yeah, that's really cool today. So I think that goes it for me, Tyler, but you

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max for bringing up some of those issues and looking for more clarity. Does anyone else have any questions about any open issues and the support repo that anybody wants to discuss?

Tyler Wright: Thanks again All Moving on. I know that. we talk to Scott's real quickly. I know there's some other folks here, both Max and Julius are part of Insider and Vanguards program. So I just want to hand over to Scott to see if there's anything noteworthy that's been happening on the support side in the community. That might be worth talking about here today.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, obviously a majority of the support over the last couple weeks was find the main upgrade and specifically the highest volume of activity would be in provider migrations and provider upgrades. I think we're worth through that we've had a couple dozen providers. Go through the migration and upgrade. So I think we've Worked out on any anomalies with that. And I'm actually not even sure that there's any providers that have not upgraded to this point of. Definitely a vast majority have. So a lot of provider support, and then obviously as GPUs came on to the network just some

Scott Carruthers: Generalized Support for SDL Structuring and Other, simplistic questions for deployments with GPU use. But besides that No other significant issues and may not really just the upgrade and upgrade support and specifically provider upgrades and just some Hand holding through initial deployments with some of the new features. But other than that, it's been pretty quiet.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Julius Max. Don't feel like you have to say anything, but is there anything that you all have seen while you're giving support that? You think it's worth shouting up.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead. Julius.

Julius Haus: I see a few issues with the Akash JS. Reporter library at the moment where it still returns. 2 Message Types, for the Registry. And I opened issues on the repository of Akash days, but I'm not sure yet. If this is causing the problems that's currently the discord. And yeah, I'm not sure if Max maybe knows a little bit about this.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, thank you.

Julius Haus: because,

Max: Let me see.

Tyler Wright: Julius. I know that Max C from the Max's team at Club Cloudmouse has been working on a cost JS with Joseph, is that correct Max B?

Max: Yeah. he is a bit more aware of

Tyler Wright: I

00:15:00

Max: The intricacies of. What's going on inside the cashiers, but for you to Maxi and we can talk about it. Is that here in the car right time?

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, I was gonna say just that or Julius. We can also make sure that you can update in when the channels because I know that Joseph has it yesterday was working on number of things related aka to your point. I know there's some akash JS issues that were brought up and by the community last week, I believe that some of those Issues were solved by Max C and merged by Joseph last week, but I know there's their continued to be a couple other akashias related issues. So I know that the Overclock Labs Core team Is working on those and those are high priority so I can get you an update on any specific issues, but I'll make sure that that issue is thrown in a channel that you said you put in the cost, JS repo.

Julius Haus: Great. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: besides with Scott and Juliusa brought up on the support front, is there any other talking points related to support channels that anybody wants to bring up?

Max: I don't think so not for me but just a question for you Julius. What do you use a cash Gs or Not really did to the support but just curious.

Julius Haus: I just tried to. someone in the Hacker Support channel uses it to build something for the HACKATHON and I think he tries to use the examples and repository and they are sometimes not working. No, there was the update and I saw that use the old message types. and rotary was so It's something. And He can't get a example project running. and I have no idea what's the reason is,

Max: Okay, so yeah, I'm not sure if the examples are up to date, but that can be something I can bring up to shows if and Maxi Okay, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank Julius again. I'm going to put a message so we can get some more information about this issue and share it in some insiders or vanguards channel. But thank you Julius for monitoring this issue.

Tyler Wright: That's a great fallout great quick segue. I know that Julius talked about supporting some folks with the akashapon. I know it's about eight days left for the akashat on. I think projects are starting to funnel in from folks that have been working on things for over the last month. I appreciate Julius. Mac's, Scott and others that are helping those that are working on a cautious on projects as I near the deadline. So again, there's about eight days left for the akashathon, which is their cost hackathon. If you please go to door hacks, I think there's links in discord. If you have any questions about submitting projects, or if you need any support, there's a section for a kashathon where you can get support from people like Julius Mac Scott and other members of the Vanguards and inside our community.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else anybody wants to discuss that hasn't been discussed on the support side?

Tyler Wright: if not again much appreciate Arturfer walking us through some of the issues, some of the questions brought up by Max. and Julius and always appreciate. Again, all those that are helping support and discord telegram, and all the other channels. So, big shout out to everybody on this call for anybody, that's listening later. Feel free to comment on any issues that you see inside of that respective issues and said the support repo or, bring attention to it inside this six support discord channel. So that we can again answer any questions related to any issues or feel free to join any future meetings, where you can talk live with Archer Scott and the rest of the community about any open issues. But with that said, much, appreciate everybody's time today. I'll let you go a little early. I hope everybody has a great rest of their Wednesday. Thank you. All.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: We'll talk online, much appreciative.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright: Goodbye.

Julius Haus: Hi.

Meeting ended after 00:20:15 ðŸ‘‹

