# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #18

## Agenda
- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback. 
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, September 27, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://rub4watpfztxenu7ickmimwkdqfx2dav4soxm3g6dxgcvpg4a7gq.arweave.net/jQPLAm8uZ3I2n0CUxDLKHAt9DBXknXZs3h3MKrzcB80)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Ababacar Kone
- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Damir Simpovic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
  
## Meeting Notes
### Post Mainnet Six Upgrade Issues and Fixes:
#### Artur Troian
- Artur provided updates on ongoing activities related to the post-mainnet six upgrade.
- Mentioned that two issues would be fixed during the upcoming software upgrade:
- Validators Commission Issue:
  - Explained that in the previous network upgrade, the validator's commission was set to 5% in the dryer mode but wasn't applied.
  - Assured that this issue would be addressed in the upcoming upgrade.
- Deployment Authorization Issue:
  - Described a problem where some deployment authorizations were connected to old API versions, causing discrepancies in querying and updating them.
  - Assured that this issue would also be fixed during the upgrade, with the resolution expected in a few hours.
- Refactoring Provider Behavior:
  - Highlighted a significant issue related to the upgrade involving the behavior of the provider.
  - Explained that the provider, in its current design, kills everything right into the lease if anything goes wrong during the deployment phase.
  - Acknowledged that this behavior is not correct and mentioned the decision to refactor it.
  - Discussed the introduction of a new operator called "deploy" to apply manifests fast and separately handle deployment failures.
  - Indicated the creation of a separate service to manage deployment after a specified timeout.
   
### Support Ticket Updates:
- Artur provided updates on several support tickets related to deployment accessibility and provider audits.
- Andrey shared that for one particular tickets the deployment appear to be down and mentioned ongoing testing for stable diffusion.
- Andrey  noted two more tickets for provider audits, one waiting for the enabling of firewall rules.
- Artur emphasized the need for labeling on the issues and suggested that they be labeled as "audits."
- Arthur Requested that the titles of all issues in the support repo follow a consistent format for easier identification and automation.
- Recommended that the titles include a keyword like "compliant" for auto-labeling purposes.
- Tyler Wright sought an example title from Artur for clarification on the desired structure.
- Tyler offered to update documentation to guide users in providing titles that align with the desired format.

### Scheduled Software Upgrade
#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler  provided a quick update on the upcoming software upgrade.
- Mentioned that a proposal passed yesterday afternoon to address issues from the mainnet six upgrade, as discussed by Arthur.
- The software upgrade is scheduled for today around 9 am Pacific/12 pm Eastern time, approximately two hours from the current time.
- Emphasized that the upgrade will only impact validators.
- Urged communication among validators on the validators discord channel for any questions or concerns.
- Specifically directed participants to check the announcements channel in the validators discord for documentation related to the upgrade.
- Noted that Andy and others are actively available to answer any questions from validators.

### Support Update from Scott Carruthers:
- Tyler handed over the floor to Scott Carruthers to provide an update on support-related activities.
- Scott mentioned the presence of Rodri, Shimpa, and Max, inviting them and others to share insights on support activities over the past weeks.
- Scott informed about the upcoming announcement in the Providers Announcement channel regarding the consolidation of provider documentation to avoid redundancy.
- Described the consolidation process, making GPU resource enablement on a host provider similar to handling persistent storage or IP leases.
- Emphasized that the GPU provider build documentation will be removed, and all information will be consolidated into a single process for clarity.
- Mentioned testing the new process with a mainnet test provider, ensuring it worked flawlessly.
- Requested feedback from individuals like Shimpa, Rodri, and Max regarding the new documentation.
- Mentioned that Rodri and Damir, as front lines of support in the insider community, might have additional issues to raise.
- Noted that the majority of support over the last few weeks has involved assisting new GPU providers as they come online.
- Acknowledged that, fortunately, the process for GPU providers to build through documentation has been relatively smooth.
- Highlighted the support provided for live GPUs, particularly addressing SDL questions.
- Stated that, aside from GPU-related support, the overall network seems steady, with some new user questions being addressed.

### Damir Simpovic' Update on Support:
- Damir Simpovic shared insights on support issues, primarily addressing potential providers.
- Noted that some providers, particularly ex-miners, were not fully aware of Akash and thought they could shift their hardware seamlessly.
- Highlighted the misconception that Akash supports typical mainboards with limited memory and weak CPUs, making it challenging for these providers.
- Emphasized the need for clarification and education for such individuals
- Scott Carruthers acknowledged Damir's input and confirmed understanding of the issue.
- Recognized the challenges, especially for individuals with inappropriate hardware, even if the resources were otherwise suitable.

### Discussion on Provider Attributes and YAML File:
- Max raised a concern about attributes in the provider YAML file not being in sync with the schema, causing them to be overwritten during upgrades.
- Mentioned that the attributes in the provider YAML file sometimes do not match the schema when providers update.
- Scott acknowledged the issue Max brought up and understood the problem.
- Scott explained that during a fresh Helm upgrade, the provider YAML attributes take precedence and overwrite existing ones.
- Scott Agreed that there needs to be a discussion on how to address this issue, ensuring that the schema from Cloudmos aligns with the provider YAML file.
- Scott noted the need for a conversation with Max and Andy to find the best way to deal with the problem.

### Other Matters Discussed 
#### Community Input on SDL Improvement:
- Max mentioned plans to work on improving the SDL builder and experimenting with simplified forms to make SDL creation more accessible, especially for new users.
- Acknowledged the complexity of the current SDL and the challenge it poses for users to learn a new YAML schema.
- Max expressed the intention to gather feedback from the community based on the updates to the SDL builder. 
- Tyler appreciated Max's initiative and confirmed plans to distribute a form to collect feedback, discussing it further during the SIG Providers meeting.
- Mentioned that the collected information would be made available for use by Cloudmos and others interested in the data.
#### Announcements
- Tyler highlighted a SIG Providers meeting scheduled in 30 minutes, where updates from the praetor team's work and discussions on content moderation would take place.
- Mentioned that the praetor team is implementing solutions from the Content Moderation Working Group and encouraged community participation.
- Noted the positive reception of the provider attributes tooling from the cloudmos team and mentioned its implementation discussion in the last SIG Providers meeting.
- Announced a potential conversation during SIG Providers and the steering committee meeting about changes to the structure of the SDL.
- Requested community members actively using the Akash network to share their feedback on what is suboptimal about the SDL experience.
- Tyler will initiate the conversation during the SIG Providers meeting and possibly provide a type form for community input.
- Tyler encouraged participants to think about SDL-related challenges and share their thoughts during the SIG Providers call or through the type form.

## Action Item
- Group await the upcoming fix for the provider behavior issue.
- Group to ensure that all support issues are labeled appropriately.
- Group to address and fix the validators commission issue and deployment authorization issue during the upcoming upgrade.
- Scott Carruthers to initiate a discussion with Max and Andy to explore solutions for the synchronization issue between provider YAML attributes and the cloudmos schema during upgrades.
- Tyler Wright to distribute a form to gather feedback on SDL improvement.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody. To six supports During these support Special Interest Group biweekly meetings, looked at the open issues and support repo. If there's anything that needs triaging. The group talks about those specific issues and then triage is them. Led by Arthur. If anybody has any questions, comments concerns about a specific issue that they want to help implement during these six support meetings. anybody can talk about a specific issues, talk about it again. Ask questions about that issue, next steps, again. If anybody wants to contribute to solving an issue, feel free to join these conversation and talk about potential solutions, implementation etc. But without further ado, a handed over to Arthur to get us going with the typical agenda.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Sarah everyone and your second share screen.

Artur Troian: so, while I'm working on to Github from this browser, so we are pretty much still doing some things related to the post mindset sticks recap.

Artur Troian: One of the issues is actually, two of them are going to be fixed later today. During the upgrade, these are 26. One of them is Related to the validators commission. So,

Artur Troian: In previous network, upgrade The enforce or that was commission to 5% and it was in the dryer mode. So it was actually applied And this upgrade benefits. and another issue was related to the

Artur Troian: Deployment. so, Some of the Depositive authorizations were used to connected to all API versions and That was in. Some discrepancy on the clients that they couldn't just que The tag was the point of authorizations as well as update them. So, we have fixed that and there's gonna be actually pretty much, cute today in a few hours. The. second, big issues related to the Boston upgrade was to refactor the behavior of the provider and that is

Artur Troian: So right now provider is designed by that. It kills everything right into the lease, if anything goes wrong during deployment phase, which is not quite correct. We used to keep that for a number of reasons, but it's just time to remove that behavior now and refactor it. So we're gonna introduce new operator called deploy and that operator when I just wish for money fast And apply them if you just files it fails and then there is going to be separate service that kills deployment after some specified emails, I think, right now it's like Prime Minister. Anyways, let's get back to our. Routine things. So

Artur Troian: second last, just my bolt. Okay.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just updated, I think all of this tickets. So particularly those deployments cannot be accessed, so they're kind of to me, looks like they're down. So I ask the person who created this ticket to give me some updates and there are two more tickets for provider audits. One is waiting for them to enable firewall rules because they're looking, the node ports. Is an envelope provider is a 100. I'm actually testing it right now for stable, diffusion. I was talking earlier today is the day.

Andrey Arapov: And yeah, and there is one more. I think it's all the request if you could open it, just see what's there.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: So yeah, a few comments on those issues. So number one, they have to be labeled. I don't understand why they are not labeled. That's the audience should be the audio label. That's Number two, all of the issues in the support trip or The title has to be similar compliant. so I actually gonna put the github job for that but they should be somewhere compliant. And this one I'll give her new providers. Simon Assignee doesn't have any labels or projects so let's do the first so that's just too much the support. Issue. And so they have to be And this support level.

Artur Troian: There's number one. Number two, is,

Artur Troian: Projects. Yeah, I don't know if you need projects So Is that why? I want All of titles to be somewhere because by title, we just could do auto labeling on the description. So, it's gonna do proper labeling. And that's not just help us to draw the issues.

Tyler Wright: Arthur are to give it a example title that you would likeâ€¦

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: because I don't think Andrey usually makes those titles. I think users from the community that want to have their provider audience. So we can either update the documentation to put it exactly in the format that you want andâ€¦

Artur Troian: Mm-hmm

Tyler Wright: and then again, as you mentioned, I'll do it automatically. It's okay. But a structure in which you want that title to be for all the audits, just drop it in there and then we can make sure the documentation is updated so that anybody that's trying to get on it, will follow that strict criteria.

Artur Troian: Okay, yeah, good call. Yeah. So if you look at issue number 98, so that's how smart, sorry, the Commercial commits called I mentioned wrong land. It's not semantic. Question is the conventional commits? So It has the title and someone call and the description anyways. Yeah I will provide description of how it should be and then we're gonna have the Actual github action, that's gonna validate the issues name. I'm going to just mark it as incorrect. For a future Online. Build this one. Let's put the support on that.

Artur Troian: guys. I'm going to draw.

Artur Troian: yeah, so by the way, those two issues, they are the same. So we just have to Close that on.

Artur Troian: One.

Andrey Arapov: I mean not sure if they're the same interject.

Artur Troian: They are the same sensing.

Andrey Arapov: Okay,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: or call.

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Artur Troian: Disclose So yeah, that's actually the issues that I just described. There are two big items for Post upgrade and one of them, the provider. Does not behave. Correctly. If something goes wrong during deployment phase. Yeah, the fix is subcoming and we should be able to have that maybe because two So now let me just double check it out in three hours. So let me put A hurricane triage. actually does this one.

Artur Troian: Everywhere. It doesn't. Okay, so that one is fully trust. Moving back.

Artur Troian: It's double check. Okay, so you don't have any writing. Let me just make sure that all of this zero, we have any issues here. sorry one. Okay, and so one.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: So this one was that issues fixed a while ago so

Artur Troian: Just Okay, so that one is done. That one you just discussed and let me see if you have any severity to issues that needs to be together. All right.

Artur Troian: These.

Artur Troian: Yes, so that one is the duplicate of Person. And Bye. 1 21.

Artur Troian: We don't have to have duplicate. I'll chart, what is that?

Andrey Arapov: I think that was related to Luna deploying using different Ps3s orâ€¦

Artur Troian: Okay.

Andrey Arapov: something like this and I think it wasn't labeling. The deployment pro as appropriate and we never had this issues before. I think we can either close it or, it's not really an issue.

Artur Troian: Issues.

Artur Troian: Yes so this one 14. Yeah by the way yes some news this. Scott's brothers going to be more involved in the core development and I think there's gonna be really good first issues to start on. That's pretty much the long waiting providers, please.

Artur Troian: You pretty much want to have separate transaction services, that's going to take care of all of the transactions. Coming up from the provider. And that's a register should fix all those use cases. And doesn't seem work for creating search, I think.

Artur Troian: No.

Artur Troian: Yeah, it's almost fixed. And juice.

Artur Troian: All right, is that one is sorted out?

Artur Troian: About.

Artur Troian: Yeah, and we need to actually validate that issues and make sure you relevant. they're also through power and

Artur Troian: You need to just one day. That was So in regards to this issues, there is nothing too much we can do on that right now. This is by design and divided. The tender means and specific a handles, the Instructions, So there's no archival server and, I mean, we need to think about that, but it's gonna be very big item. So there's nothing we can do about that at the moment. So, let me Double check if we have anything related to the

Tyler Wright: Thank you. All the participated is there any other issues and the support repo that anybody wants to talk about right now any further Or we have members of the core team here.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I just want to add on to what Arthur has previously mentioned.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: As Artur mentions, Scott Carruthers, who many of you all know as being very involved. In support along with Andrey, is going to be taking more of a step into internal engineering core product development. So again, working more closely with Arthur to help implement issues that you see the support repo help with new features and just be another hand to contribute to the core product. Scott is very talented. Go developer and again, has been instrumental in helping with documentation alongside Andrey and other folks in the community. And so again, as there's so much going on over the next couple of months and beyond as a class continues to grow,

Tyler Wright: It's more of a desire and requirement for Scott to help support again with a core development.

Tyler Wright: Also what I mention if there's anybody on this call that has go chops and wants to contribute, it's contributing towards some of this issues and support repo is a great way to do that. if anybody here that's on the insiders or vanguards sees anybody in the community that wants to contribute has go development experience, please push them my way. So that again, we can start to get them involved with maybe joining the six support biweekly being able to contribute to again a support issue talking to Scott and Arthur and others. If they have any questions about the code base. But again, always looking for folks in the community that can help create Saul for some of these issues and help us pushing forward. So very excited for all that, Scott's going to do, obviously, major, shout out to our turn, all the work that he's put in overtime and again, everybody else here. So

Tyler Wright: just want to shout that Scott might be a little bit less involved in discord. Obviously, he's still going to check it a great deal, but In the past, I know Scott has been spent a lot of time in discord and again, we're not going to pull them out quick and all at once, but would like to limit his time in discord so that he could focus more on again core engineering objective.

Tyler Wright: Cool. If there's no questions or thoughts about any support issues,

Tyler Wright: Quickly I know that Arthur mentioned the tablet call. there's going to be a software de upgrade happening today again, there's proposal that passed yesterday afternoon to resolve some of the issues that are again trickled out of the main at six upgrade archers already talked about what those issues are. But again, that made that upgrade will be happening around 9 am Pacific 12 pm eastern time. So, we're about to think, lesson two hours out from that upgrade. This upgrade will only impact validators. So, again, communications validators inside the values, discord channel. If anybody here has any questions, please, look. And that validate discord channel. And in the announcements channel, where there's documentation related to the upgrade as well as I believe and Andy and others are active answering any questions, any validators might have

Tyler Wright: There's two more talking points that I want to bring up the first being at this part of the agenda. We usually hand it over to Scott. And sometimes Rodrigo talk about just support in discord and other channels. So I'll hand over to Scott to give us an update on what's going on on the support front.

Scott Carruthers: All right, thanks our. And so yeah. as you mentioned, we have Rodri and Chimpa and Max here as well. So, Maybe others that want to speak about some of the activity and support over the last couple weeks since we last men as well. before actually getting into support issues and especially for, Damiran Rodri. and Max, I'm just to make you aware. I'll be announcing In the Providers Announcement channel soon that any I've been discussing over the last couple of days that eventually we needed to consolidate the provider documentation so that we don't have these disparate GPU provider, build documentation, and they traditional home chart.

00:20:00

Scott Carruthers: Provider build documentation, which is all using the same process. So obviously we need to consolidate those at some points at any time that we need to bump a version or making updates. Obviously we don't want to tain. Redundant information. So again, I'll notice this in the provider channel but we've now made the GPU resource enablement on a cost provider, very synonymous with how we handle persistent storage or IP leases. So a provider would the home create a Kubernetes cluster, go through the Helm chart build up their provider and

Scott Carruthers: An operator crds and things like that, and then following that, you could then go into the optional Provider document to, install the Nvidia drivers and runtime, and things like that. So, again, it's just a consolidation. We'll be removing the dedicated GPU provider, build documentation, and consolidating that all into a single process. So I think it's all very clean. I went through a mainnet test provider, build yesterday following the new stuff and it all worked flawlessly but obviously appreciate any feedback from people like Shrimpa and Rodri and Max if you have any suggestions in that documentation but I think it should be really straightforward. Regarding.

Scott Carruthers: They go ahead, Max.

Max: Hey Hey everyone not any feedback related to what you mentioned, specifically the provider documentation, but it got me thinking about something that I was dealing with Damir recently is that in the provider that Yahoo file, there's a bunch of attributes in there for the provider that when they update their provider or I'm not sure exactly what's the process but

Max: so with the provider attributes, schema that we've been working on implementing making providers adopted. And sometimes he Attributes in that provider that channel or not. Sometimes I think it's every time, there are not In sync with the schema. So, if the providers update with the firm in cloud mode, They get overwritten by this provider yaml file when doing upgrade. So, I'm not sure what's the best way to adjust this problem, but just wanted to mention it.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so understand the issues so that they went through. Fresh helm. Upgrade or the PROVIDER.YAMO attributes would take precedence or overwrite existing. So yes, somehow that schema from cloud most would have to make it into or we'll have to have a discussion with how we could best address that are or deal with that going forward. So I'll make a note of that and I don't, maybe Max Andy and I can have a conversation about how we can best deal with that. But yeah, I completely understand the issue.

Scott Carruthers: I'm so along with those documentation updates from a support perspective and again maybe rodri and Damir being front lines of support with our insider community, might have some other issues they want to raise. But primarily over the last couple weeks, since we met last majority of support has been obviously a lot of new GPU providers coming online, so supporting them as necessary. I think the good news there is for the most part been pretty self-reliant. I think GPU. Providers are coming online and be able to build their providers through our documentation without much issues. But obviously, we've been doing some of that support and then also decent amount of support. For GPUs. Now being live, just for

Scott Carruthers: STL questions and things like that. Besides that office have my head. I think everything else within the network is rather steady at this point. So we answer some new user questions but a majority of the support has just been around The recent introduction of GP is I'm sorry I can't think of any other really prominent support issues over the last couple weeks and a demere Rodrigo or anybody else on the colony. thing else that you would want to raise from a support perspective,

00:25:00

Damir Simpovic: That's about it. as far as I'm concerned,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Damir Simpovic: there were a few

Damir Simpovic: potential providers that Didn't exactly know what Akashi is. So yeah, Basically, there's been a lot of talk and buzz about Akash and a lot of providers kind of ex miners. came along and thought that they would just shift their hardware to But That's really not the hardware or The provider in a way that those are typical Main boards that don't support more than I don't know. A small number of a small amount of memory and very, very weak CPU. And yeah, basically.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, yeah. Understood him in those even if they're resources were appropriate are but especially in those circumstances I would assume a lot of those individuals will struggle to get through a cash provider build. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, if no one else has anything, that's it for me time.

Tyler Wright: Thank you to all the empires and vanguards again. Who are Active in the community on a daily basis, dealing with users issues.

Tyler Wright: A couple things I really want to call out Real fast. There's going to be a SIG providers meeting that's going to be happening in 30 minutes. We'll get an update from the prey tour team on the work that they've been doing as well as they'll be some discussions around content moderation. I know that the Creator team is implementing some solutions that have come out of the Content Moderation, Working Group. But if anybody wants to join those conversations, listen in contribute. I know that again at the last meeting, we talked about the provider attributes, tooling that, the cloud. Most team has been working on and it seems to be implemented very well people from the community seem to really like it. So again, that was a big conversation at the last State Providers meeting. But again, today, we'll just continue to get updates from the prey to our team, on the work that they've been doing since receiving money from the community pool, as well as again, conversation around content moderation, because I know some folks in the community have been talking about it and want to contribute to

Tyler Wright: Various different methods for controlling content moderation. Additionally, I will have a conversation if time allows because I know there's some folks have to get prepared for this validator upgrade. I do want to ask members the community, I will put a message in the insiders and we'll talk about it a little bit during sick providers and maybe during the steering committee meeting, which is happening tomorrow. core team is looking to make some changes to The structure of the SDL. I do want to ask folks in the community. I know there's a number of folks here that are actively using the cost network, on a daily basis. We're trying to better understand what is bad about the what is less than optimal about? SDL experience, whether you are deploying or whether you're provider,

Tyler Wright: I'm going to again open in that conversation up during state providers and then have some follow-up, maybe a type form that I'll share with folks in the community that we can collect some input over the next couple of days. So if anybody here is thinking about ways that they know they've had trouble with the SDL in the past or using an SDL on Akash, please think about those things, write them down and either during the sick providers call in 30 minutes to talk about it in more detail, or again, I'll share as a type form online. If folks would rather just write an answer. But again, we're looking for folks in the community to give real feedback about their experience with using an SDL and AKASH. So again, we could take that the user experience and continue to

Tyler Wright: Improve the features around the SDL. Anyone have any initial thoughts or questions?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Max.

Max: And just wanted to mention that related to the SEO. I'm gonna be working in the Coming weeks to improve the SDL builder and maybe also experiment on Other simplified forms to build the SDL. Because we all know it's a bit. Becky and Tricky. Do you know all the details about how the SEO works and especially for new users Nobody wants to learn a new. yaml schema. Or language in general. So might. Yeah, I'll try to grab some feedback. I know in general. what's hard about. Yeah.

00:30:00

Max: So they'll be working on that. So hopefully we can gather some feedback also from the community based on those updates.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so Max, that's a great point. What I'll do is I'll start to distribute that form and then again we'll talk about it during sick provider. So if anybody here can join that call, that would be great. We'll probably talk a little bit about it more and maybe some of the other sigs async, because of answers. Once those answers have been compiled, I'll make sure that that's readily available Max, so that have Cloud most wants to use it. If anybody else once that access that information again, it's open. I'm just collecting that information right now so that we can get a wide range of opinions from folks in the community.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else support related that anybody wants to talk about before I let y'all go?

Tyler Wright: much appreciate everybody joining today. If anybody has any specific issues and the support repo that they want to talk about in more detail, they want to get Scott Arthur Andre or anybody else's opinion on. Please throw those in the six support channel. Just Attach that GitHub issue link with any questions and again, we'll look to get those address. But these meetings happen every two weeks around the same time. So again, feel free to join these meetings where you can figure out how to contribute to the class network from a core code base. Or if you just have any questions on any open issues that you might be helping the community with, or you just interested in yourself.

Tyler Wright: But again, much appreciated, everybody's time and effort again. There'll be some more documentation to Scott mentioned coming down the pipeline very soon. If anybody has any questions online again, Please look out for myself. Andre other members of the insiders in vanguards. that are very active in discord which continued to grow the accused network. Question you all again sick providers happening about 26 minutes. So feel free to join. Yeah, hope everyone has a great day and again validator upgrade happening around 12, so busy morning. But, please let me know if you need anything in the meantime. Appreciate you all. Have a great day.

Scott Carruthers: Excellent.

Andrey Arapov: Over our flag.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thanks.

Meeting ended after 00:34:04 ðŸ‘‹

