# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 25th, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://tiycqjxd7fzfrflpcqvbtv6urvk4vtbljtwr7kfpebsrd2p7hhvq.arweave.net/mjAoJuP5cliVbxQqGdfUjVXKzCtM7R-oryBlEen_Oes)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Naman Kabra
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Artur talked about Mainnet 8 upgrade. https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/136
- Artur talked about issue 133 https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/133. Naming will help with clearing up confusion. This will also allow us to include package itself.
- Andrey asked will we name the provider-services version in similar way as the network? Artur mentioned that provider services naming will be complely different.
- Artur talked about issue 137. This is a known issue, and this may be a duplicate. The feature discovery tool may help with this.
- Artur talked about issue 135. This is something that needs to be looked into. This is marked as P2.
- Artur talked about issue 134. This is a weird issue that needs further investigation. Artur thinks that this is related to CometBFT. This may require a network upgrade. Need a P1 for this. This is important.
- Artur talked about issue 81. Tilt is not the best solution for this. This issue has been closed.


## Support

- Scott talked about support in the Akash Network. There has been provider support, and some challenges getting GPU providers spun up.
- Andrey talked about some providers that he has been supporting. Nothing is out of the ordinary.
- Scammers have been prevelant.


## NodeOps

- Naman talked about what they are building right now.
- Working closely with Spheron.
- Artur asked what current features from Akash side will be used with that?
- Artur asked what does "Template" mean?
- Artur mentioned that running a testnet on Akash Network is a bit complicated.
- Artur asked do they have integration with Leap Wallet or Keplr Wallet?
- Naman mentioned that Nodeops is targeting Web2 developers.

## Action Items 

- Issue 134 needs further investigation.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to this most recent edition of the six supports biweekly. I think this is addition number 20 during the support biweeklys. We look at all of the issues in the support repo which are mostly related to the core product. Of Archer Scott and the rest of the team triage those issues and prioritize them. We are looking for folks that want to get involved again. If you want to get involved in helping with support issues and support tickets. Feel free to reach out in the six support Discord Channel and we could talk about skill set that you can look at tackling an issue and then again join these conversations or leave comments and specific issues and the support repo.

Tyler Wright: There are other repos pacifically if you have any issues related to Cloud most there is a issues repo or assist me. There's an issues section inside the cloud most repo where you can leave all issues related Cloud boats. There's also one for console. But again, there has been recent news that I'm sure we'll talk about a little bit later where console is no longer going to be up camp again. It's an open source product. So anybody can take it and run with it, but the overclock Labs team is going to now with a cloud most open sour And available to everybody overclock Labs team is going to take their resources and focus on some other projects and again leave console in the stages. It is in today. So Cloud most will be that preferred tool.

Tyler Wright: Quickly, we'll have Artur lead us through triaging any issues Scott and Andre did a great job of holding down before 12. Archer was delay away at the last big support biweekly where we talked about again entry. We talked about any open issues. We talked about things going on in the ecosystem and Naman who was also on then engage a demo of the project that he's been leading called no doubts.

Tyler Wright: After retriage issues today and here what's going on in the support repo. I do want to give Naman about five minutes to again talk in a very high level because I know that many people here if not, everybody has seen nodeops, but talking to high level about what nodeops is but more specifically talk a little bit about some of the future plans so that again some members of the core team like, Partner Scott Andre can get here first listen and Roger as well.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Tyler. Hi, everyone.

Artur Troian: green

Artur Troian: All Yeah, there's some new issues popping up in the sports. Let's first Focus through this one. So they're almost trashed. This is related to the upcoming Network grade related to providing.

Artur Troian: enhancing beats message with the compute offer from provider that's mainly right now targets use cases when deployment is being created with the Wild Card GPU request. And patterns often to know what provider actually offers them. So for example, there is a wild card request. For the GPU and there are two providers one of them give you 30 60 and another one given 49g for the same price. I wouldn't you to take from 90. Yeah, so these upgrade is on plan to be shares. So that's this week. and if we

Artur Troian: if all those goods and we send upgrade proposal this field then. Sometime probably during November. We're going to run network, right?

Artur Troian: Let's not see all unliment issues. Yeah, this one is.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Is related to Discussion about versioning of blockchain versions as well as minus versions of historically we've been calling each Network upgrade as they're like may not two minutes three minutes four minutes five. However, actual versions of them great or binary versions were these Euro 24 train to 20 and so forth. So if you like to and it's just great sales confusion, first of all outside of the team, which is an excitable as well as I think. It should be all aligned and another. benefit of that is

Artur Troian: due to go implementation of versioning each major version is pretty much the new package so we can include package itself that allows us to include itself and easily handle previews the history of the previous network of rates. so we going to have that. Coming up. sometime this year, so it's still trying to figure out what's the best way to do that but the current upgrade is mine at seven the upcoming music with attributes up there. It will be mine that eight. So if the naming Go public after that you will name Akash node package because it'd be nine. So that's gonna be the mind.

Artur Troian: We will try to cover that in ADR before moving on is that and that's pretty much it and from the subject. You can just pretty much aligns us the other chains. We will not give upgrades. The name some other changes do we don't see a reason that but it's just gonna be number. I think it feels self-describe the progression. Okay, let's see.

Artur Troian: This is something new because there's some messages there, And the provider version is going to be completely different story.

Artur Troian: And I don't go ahead.

Tyler Wright: That they still might be a mood if you're trying to talk.

Artur Troian: Yeah, let's move on and if he is able to speak this, so this issues is something new. Yeah, that issues has been popping up a few times. I think it's been already reported somewhere honestly, so I need to triage that and say that because it looks like an application but it's been So what the plan for now is Scott and I are working on improvements to the inventory.

Artur Troian: That thing is called future Discovery and we will be part of the service. So as soon as we combine inventory processing within the ones service. Then we will take a look at that issues because it looks like to do related to the inventory behavior and you just need to fix it. It doesn't make sense to fix it separately. So

Artur Troian: it's called let's maybe take a it looks like a duplicate to me, but I can be wrong. people provider, Let me see if you have waiting for a tree.

Artur Troian: Yeah.

Artur Troian: Yeah, we need to take a look at that as well. So that's the provider configuration.

Artur Troian: So of yes, God, we will need to take a look at because technically that is related to the inventory should report amount of available. External ports, so that's really good call for the API. I didn't know if you include that right now or are not so I think actually that also implies for So for example, we want to report it inventory of IP addresses or at least blog. It doesn't have to be the exactly IP addresses but rather about count as well as How many ports available for each IP address just in case you'll need to think about that we don't have to implemented now, but we're gonna have to think about that.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: So let's think about this issue is p kind of P2 for now.

Artur Troian: All right.

Artur Troian: What else do we have and wait in triage?

Artur Troian: Yeah, this is a real issue frankly and it's quite a lot of problem investigation. So what happens is at may not sakes known as upgrade 24. We have a great. Christmas decay to 45.16 that looks like there are There was some breaking change. my suspicion is actually probably related to commit a bft for

Artur Troian: so that needs to be investigated and it looks to me that we might need to fix schema. And do Network a great actually to fix that. So frankly I don't know at this stage. what does decision but it looks to me that it's all the broken state the data types after this upgrade are not compatible with the previous one and it unable to query the state.

Artur Troian: But yeah, we need to fix that and we actually need to have a test through this particular use cases as well. So I will pull that Aspire it's kind of important.

Artur Troian: Okay, and what else let me see different reaction. No. and is verification

Artur Troian: I think

Artur Troian: yeah, remember about this Conversation. I think there was one of the seek. And the idea is that using teals for the dev environments just doesn't make sense. This is the stage so if you'll be using the

Artur Troian: current way of the kind that we used to spin up Network as well as the provider simply because this is probably because glucose so for us the development environment is the environment that Is needed for the developers and it's has to be wrong locally and our view of that is you have to know shall make and kind for that.

Artur Troian: And if there is other type of networks the testnet and the testnet are not meant to be speed up by individuals. So, I believe we had discussion this problem and doesn't access to move always this issues pretty much. I can just close it I think.

Artur Troian: Alright and then I saw one issues related to documents, but I think there will be up against Scott to discuss hold a second is verification

Artur Troian: Yeah, one second and I just want to become one not an issues. All right, I think that cars it. Tell her about you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Yes. is there anybody here that wants to talk about any specific open issues get more clarity talk about any of the open issues that there may be looking at or might be specifically interested in before we move on with the six support agenda.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: cool All right during this next phase and I know we have some members of the community here. We usually try to get a pulse of what's going on in the Akash Community. Again. We have a number of folks that are costs insiders and vanguards that are active in Discord and telegram making sure that in existing users have all the help that they need deploying.

Tyler Wright: Setting up a provider, a huge shout out to for all the work that he does with the community. But again, I just want to pass it back to Scott's maybe Roger and any others if there's anything that's worth talking about or any themes happening currently in the Akash community on the support side.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and really NDS price spent more time in Support over the last couple weeks than I have but definitely I have a pulse on it. But I know that Andy's been working with some specific providers. I don't think there's any issues other than the ones that we've already discussed through archers walk through of open issues. But yes, new issues over the last couple weeks for it's mostly been provider support and a couple of one-off issues not related to any code issues, but just some challenges get in. GPU providers stood up and most of it has been after we

Scott Carruthers: Upgrade to mean that six and worked through any issues immediately after that upgrade. It's mostly just been assistance with new users and providers coming online. So again, I haven't spent a ton of time and support over the last couple weeks, so rodrian and he might have some thoughts but from my perspective, it's mostly just been Assisting new users with deployments and sdl offering for AI workloads and then in the address individual provider support.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott Andy Rodrigo's or anything that you have seen that you think is worth mentioning.

Andrey Arapov: I'll say nothing from my side just usual stuff like nebula block. They need to enable firewall for note boards The Foundry already that works with them or fixed. They have the head basically a firewall issue proxy there forwarding the traffic to their worker nodes. And there are a couple of more things was I think I wrote them down somewhere but they're not that worse. I've mentioning maybe only slightly meant to mention on a bit surprise script for the Nvidia cards you can have different models of a hundreds like 40 gig or 80 gig and I already erased internally this question results, but I think artur's quite booked with the other stuff and so far nobody's really pushing this just to highlight that it's in works and

Tyler Wright: Person, thank you again, Rodrigo North there's anything that you want to know I don't feel obliged but I just do want to shut you out for all the work that you do in Discord and elsewhere just like making sure everyone has updated up to date accurate information Etc.

Tyler Wright: All I'll go ahead Roger.

Rodrigo Rochin: Okay.

Rodrigo Rochin: Like that. So besides what Scotty and Andrey said nothing of the ordinary precise providerable only In quite a bit of scams or scammers trying to support tickets which aren't really support tickets there. We are talking inside his channel trying to figure out a way to stop both, trying to delete it on accident and others are doing the same.

Tyler Wright: Thank you I think that's a great call out. One thing that we want to make sure that people pass around in Discord. I know that the Insiders and vanguards are doing a great job of that Discord channels are designed for public

Tyler Wright: public discussion and communication there will be some instances where members of the core team will have private conversation with folks that are doing providers or maybe deploying specifically but there was no other ticketing tool that will require you to go into any other Discord. Everything will be happening in side the Akash Network, Inside of direct messages and again, you can look at the tags for people that your direct message messaging to make sure that their members of the core team in the end in the admin area or the members of vanguards are insiders. And again, none of those people will ever ask you for, very specific information or private information.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: And again, there's no other Discord that is needed for support tickets. Everything happens in this Discord or inside of GitHub. So please make sure to pass that message along if you see anybody trying to use that scam of trying to get folks to join another Discord, but again much appreciate rojri and everybody else for other efforts in trying to maintain as much order inside of Discord as possible and make sure that everyone gets a kind of support that they need. Great. So we've talked about open issues related to the core products on Artur and the team gave us an update and Retreat as we've triage those issues. We've given people the floor if they have any questions on any specific issues that they want to tackle or have any more questions on

Tyler Wright: we've given an update on everything related to support in Discord and other channels where we're insiders vanguards another members of the community or actively connecting with folks that are new in existing users and they cost Network. Right. Now I do again Naman was here two weeks ago to give a short demo on nodops, but because it's so closely aligned in my opinion with support, again, no docs is an organization that's trying to make it easier for developers to build on top of tools or to build on top of projects that could cost Network. I know that they're working closely with Archway as well as a couple of other projects in and out of the cosmos ecosystem.

Tyler Wright: But I did want to have Naman come here. Just again give a 30 second high level view of what nodops is and specifically how we see the Akash of nodops adding value to supporting the ecosystem and then maybe spend a couple of minutes talking about the future plans so that again this group which is very technical can kind of hear firsthand Naman from you. What nodeops is thinking about building in the future so we can make sure that we're all aligned. So unless anybody has any other questions I will hand over to Naman to just give us a short again demo of what nodops is today and then talk a little bit about what the plan is for the future.

Naman Kabra: Hey Tyler, Thanks again for inviting me glad to connect and super excited to show you guys what we've built so far for nodeops on also talk about what's in the pipeline and where we see bringing the huge value Edition for Akash here as well. Right? So just a very quick overview about what nodeops does, nodals provides and simplified infrastructure for developers and no operators looking to get started with particular with three protocol. Right at nodeops are mission is to provide the most simplistic environment, which is

Naman Kabra: driven and governed by AI unabled infra to wherein it provides an onion incentivization layer that encourages more developers and node operators to join on businesses to be onboarded to a particular protocol by eliminating all the initial friction that developers or node operators generally go throughout their development life cycle, right? So I'll quickly share my screen walk you through a couple of features, which we have already in place. And also what's in the pipeline as well, right? So we'll just quickly show you the roadmap as well. But yeah just

Naman Kabra: Still quick overview about what does node Ops are simplified powered playground consider this a single stop for developers or no operators in terms of any activities. They would like to do be it deploying their own sdls be it spinning up their own violator notes be it creating an own chain governance proposal or be it creating their own tap onto a particular chain.

Naman Kabra: Write all of this process. We would be providing the already established preset playground for them. So developers now just have to focus on their business logic application. Let rest all in terms of infrastructure level initial configuration has been taking care by us. Right? So the way we do that is while leveraging containerization and talk Rising the entire environment, So the entire backend is set in such a way that every time a new chain release or every time a new upgrade. It's been pushed. There is an automated pipeline triggered which activates all the components be it a custom chat interface, So for example, if I open up the version for a cashier, I just walk you through the components as well. Which exist

00:25:00

Naman Kabra: Yeah, so be it a custom chart interface, which you see here, the way we have set this up is, pre processing the entire data, fine tuning it and keeping it purely developer focused and letting all the philosophy go away from here, So that developers cannot just copy paste this particular code snippet, but there is also and mechanism wherein you can try out this code Snippets as well right now. The support is life for bash JavaScript golang wherein anything in terms of binaries, it's already set in the background, So all developers have to do is either come on the platform and very certain things if they have the right set of parameters in place be running up and interacting with binaries or CLI or consuming the templates, which we have this templates right now are all AI driven, but

Naman Kabra: we always take care of testing this out at scale securing it ensuring that there is no flaws in terms of keys exposure at all. Right, no operators can be free from all the security side of issues which might be prone to attack in certain cases as well. Right one thing which we

Naman Kabra: Going to do next here. All this templates right now are taking the end user created developer or no operator to this playground, but very soon this templates would be interactive wherein if let's say you want to set up a governance proposal this tool would provide you a simple front-end for it where if it's a parametric change governance proposal. It would ask you for all the basic details it would generate a Json you can deploy that Jason on testnet to test out and play around with it as well. Right so all in all the objective remains to just enable the most interactive interface for developers and operators for looking to get started. Next Step, which you see right now on this version of the playground is nothing but a preconfigured ID for you.

Naman Kabra: So consider it a simple vs code, but the only difference here is everything is already set for you in the backend. So you can create your own set of repositories. Close it back come back again. The data would be preserved for This is an interactive AI driven playground for developers. So any kind of hackathon activities any kind of workshops, which foundations or Community would like to playground become so one stop solution for them to get rid of all the initial setups and challenges associated with it.

Naman Kabra: So that they can now focus on the application letter while the infrastructure layer has been taken care by us. So this is an overall, product pipeline. I'm skipping the contribute and earn section here, which is basically an onion incentivization LED that would encourage more developers to come in. They would be rewarded for any kind of contributions be it solving bounties weight solving any issues or be submitting any templates which might be useful for ingesting into our AI model right now. What are the next things which we are going to do all of this templates, which you see right now, once the deployment layer is active for any new chain that node of supports we would be leveraging Akash as the deployment layer for be it running a smart contract on Archway or axillar all deploying your own set of CLI base interactions all of this transactions and any kind of deployment.

Naman Kabra: That comes it we would be leveraging a cash for it. Number two would be the entire infra for all the chains for all the nodes, which is currently been supported by.

00:30:00

Naman Kabra: no Ops all of this would be, powered by So the entire infra for nodeops specifically for Akash and as well beyond other white labeled version as well. Everything would be powered by Akash right on top of it. We would be also enabling a cosmosome simulator as well here which would developers from evm side to make their contracts more compatible towards, solidity side of things. So we're collaborating with orichen on this. They already have some cause and was some ID in place so we would be working very closely with them to make it part of our workspace. So that anyone can come on board in.

Naman Kabra: simulator as well if they want to work on cosmosome. But if they would just like to focus on developers slash node operator side of activities, they can definitely use templates and playgrounds. That is one next would be all the components which you see here. we are making it very modular enough for any kind of, new developers to come in and interact with the documentation itself, right? So we are currently testing it out with Archway. We're in

Naman Kabra: The ground button here which will redirect users to a direct access to an interactive environment for them to get started and on top of it the tried functionality along with the chat interface, which you saw here. We are trying to integrate it with all the code Snippets which exist in these documents as well. Right? So this becomes easy to follow interactive documentation for developers. rather than just copying and pasting it and interacting it local they can actually interact with the documentation right here. So we have yesterday it out at a very small scale again dockerizing this entire code Snippets which exist here and enabling a template for it. But yeah, that is under

Naman Kabra: Still work in progress to make it integratable with any kind of documentation that exist as well. Right? So that's just a quick overview. And would be happy to have some feedback here your thoughts on this and if there is any particular that you think might be interesting for the ecosystem would be happy to consider and bring it part of our next release.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: So a couple of questions there's obviously to main parts of the Akash code base. You have the blockchain. And also have providers on the Akash Network what you're very sounds like you're very familiar with based on. Using a cost appointments in the future first spinning up other chains, so I know you're familiar with all this my question. Is this simulation is in the vision of this to not only Spin up a localized Akash blockchain for developers to interact withâ€¦

Naman Kabra: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: but also to spin up. The cost providers site as well orâ€¦

Naman Kabra: 

Scott Carruthers: is this only focused on the blockchain portion?

Naman Kabra: It would be for both,â€¦

Naman Kabra: right We are starting with providers initially. We are starting with blockchain Centric interaction with the network first, but as you can see the

Naman Kabra: The entire in infrastructure is set in such a way that anyone can comment, deploy their own set of applications and versions on it. All we need to do is containerize this basic base layer and the base skeleton of it after that, any Community member it's going to be open source. Any Community member can just come in plug in their version of it make it modular enough for the testing as well. So from the deployment perspective. We are working closely with other partners as well on to put this templates to put this node layer on to their platform as well their Marketplace as well for more exposure.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, my second question Archer I say that you have your hand up. So it's probably perfect. Segue, so obviously we have some of our own internal tooling and have written documentation for developers to be able to easily spin up test environments. We're rather easily and arturia. I guess I'm just wondering from you the concept of nodeops. I'm doing this in the future spending up on base blockchain instances and potentially a provider in the future. I'm just curious to your thoughts and where you possibly see challenges here.

00:35:00

Naman Kabra: No, so we can do that. I got the link yesterday from Tyler about this more from the documentations and internal toolings as well. we can definitely integrate that leverage it for better visibility and ease for anyone to get started. So any kind of internal toolings that exist, we can put it in form of templates here also integrated with the playground that's definitely doable

Artur Troian: Yeah, thanks. Question though. Yeah, that looks amazing. I like to have some clarification on all the few things. So the first question is.

Artur Troian: What use? So how? my net cash mind that is involved in that. What features let's say blockchain provider? Are going to be in use for that.

Naman Kabra: So you repeat the last line?

Artur Troian: what current features?

Naman Kabra: right

Artur Troian: from a car site will be used in that.

Naman Kabra: So, if you look at the chart interface, which we have created here right creating an sdl for postgres or any kind of other use cases as well. What we are going to do is right here give a deployment layer as well. Right? So, once the AI interface response gives the response back with the right end to end template or rent-to-end quote snippet or a file here at the end once user clicks on try After that there would also be an option for deploy on a cash right so that

Artur Troian: 

Naman Kabra: Is one second one would be let's say if anyone comes in and writes here to orders because one of the component of node Ops is also to have node as a service provider. Right? So that one of the template is also going to be to spin up your own notes be it on Akash test net weight on minute, right? So anyone can come in you would provide the templates They can try it out in our test infra if they like it there would be an option for them to deploy and that deployment layer would again be on a cashier right? So in that way

Artur Troian: Yeah, okay. just real quick. Let me recap on the first part. So. Let's just correct me from wrong the first part.

Naman Kabra: Yeah.

Artur Troian: So you are pretty much planning to deploy to have a tool that allows to deploy on a car, right?

Naman Kabra: Yeah.

Artur Troian: I said did you there's a console and Cloud most for that?

Naman Kabra: I did check that out. Yes.

Artur Troian: Okay, so what features does not always bring? apart from the

Naman Kabra: Yeah, so from no laws perspective, right the templates which exist here. They are going to be very unique as compared to Cloud Moss being the more cold deployment let right the templates here are more focused towards new developers to comment right be it towards AI side of things be it towards interacting with the blockchain. It towards provider side of things or be towards node operators side of things, right? The temps would be templates and the playground here would be the core component which actually won't be existing anywhere.

Artur Troian: What was yeah, what does template mean? Is it? pretty much this some pre-field sdl.

Naman Kabra: Yeah, so not just But any kind of walkthroughs any kind of tutorials any kind of transactions, all of those things, for example, we've just set up a couple of them here right be towards transactions way towards no operator side of things be towards governance side of things. Right? So templates would be an easy to follow step by step walkthrough, but also try it out in the interactive version So that would be the more focus of templates to differentiate it playground is more focused towards building out apps and application layer and deployment templates is more focused towards CLI side of interaction and making it more simplified directly by providing a friend and interface.

00:40:00

Artur Troian: So I say it's pretty nice to just try it out, right if you talk about let's say I saw there run a validator. So there are lots of things related for the validators security. so

Naman Kabra: Yeah.

Artur Troian: Do you plan to have like you mentioned testnets, the running testnet on a car is kind of sophisticated process andâ€¦

Naman Kabra: Yeah.

Artur Troian: It needs lots of understanding not only from the blockchain prospective about how actually provider works and how to set it up. So if you for example want to run the validate or to try it out where this validator going to be running. Are you going to plan the spin the testnet for that? Or is going to be on how it's gonna be simulated.

Naman Kabra: So the simulation here would be any active test net which already exists right? we would be utilizing that and leveraging it here, the objective for Yeah.

Artur Troian: so, okay, but my question is For validator on the testnet to be inactive sad the test not owners have to give tokens for that. Right andâ€¦

Naman Kabra: Yes, yes.

Artur Troian: I just give you prospective of why I don't think that's a great idea. So mainly testnet are managed by the natural that's not core Developers simply because that allows them to React quickly if you happens fix it and move on.

Naman Kabra: right

Artur Troian: And adding more validators to the active set. really complicates often the

Artur Troian: Process of Greek network of grades within the testnet. So sometimes that never progress. For example, we have times like 10 minutes.

Naman Kabra: Yes. Yeah.

Artur Troian: yeah, I would say the emphasis on the cosmo was anyways, that's you guys decide whatever you want to do. Is that what I'm just saying is in terms of Akash.

Artur Troian: It's really good that you guys can use the gosh mind that and Akash this centralized Cloud for whatever things that needed but frankly said, I don't think it's a great idea to recreate another console or Cloud. Most just gonna be simply I would say I would highly encourage to build something on top of that. this number one number two is I don't think running testnet. So the consider the testnet as the bareborn of the network and I don't think making templates for ease is a great idea. either simply because the testnet

Artur Troian: the owners of the network they are supposed to know what they doing andâ€¦

Naman Kabra: right

Artur Troian: often templates create the layer of Blindness for that's not owners. They don't understand they don't know so they have extra layer of configurations that they need to be aware of. And it just High often hides issues. so at least for a cash, I don't think There will be interest in that because we tend to spin test Nets manually for Big number of reasons.

Naman Kabra: right

Artur Troian: I don't think we're gonna change that for the near future. but once again, if you guys have a use for my net Cloud that's amazing. Yeah, I think I covered it.

Naman Kabra: Yeah, so just to answer on this friend as And thanks for all the inputs really appreciate the feedback. So, definitely the objective for us is not to have creation of testnet and unnecessary node creation for these testnets at all. But an exposure of the test net for testing out things as well right and not just stick in restricting it to test Nets the playground as well as the templates both supports. I mean it's as well here.

Artur Troian: Yeah, okay.

Tyler Wright: Thank One thing I appreciate again Naman dear clarification Archer Scott your feedback. If anybody else has any questions comments, feel free to leave them in the chat one thing. I just want some clarification on which is why I wanted Naman you to be here is I know that you've talked about the playground and yesterday I gave you some of the engineering documentation that Scott has been working on for a long time, which is a little bit again more technical but As it pertains to the playground. I know there is a Sandbox environment that's currently in the documentation, which is something that the core team.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Connects with people in the community and so the insides of vanguards for people that are maybe not ready for mainnet, but want to test out some things where again there are some providers that are managed those validators on this sandbox. So it's an entire environment that mimics mainnet is your playground idea something and I think Scott was alluding to this is your playground environment have Not have the providers on it similar to The Sandbox and it's just like a coding environment or is it designed to mirror all the features and functionality of the cost Network mainnet and get people access to try things out.

Naman Kabra: 

Naman Kabra: so I would think of it as option for mean that users to also try out things andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: similar to sandbox

Naman Kabra: give them an environment wherein they can also, interact and have an pre-configured setup for the right. So all the steps which you see here in terms of installing the CLI creating an account funding those account. Everything is already been set in the back end here, right so they can now just start with the creation side of things rather than installation side of things if I can put it in simple terms.

Tyler Wright: Okay, that makes sense. Thank you very much.

Artur Troian: I mean to me honestly so it's good thing for developers to try it out, but my biggest worry on that prospective is What Developers? Are the you guys trying to Target that three or web 2 because if that's about three getting them. So the first of all do you guys have integration for example leap wallet or Kepler? Because that's important number two is

Naman Kabra: Yes.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's number one number two is. then once again, there's a console so I'm trying to assess the differences and I'm trying to see because the cloud Moore's has been acquired by overclock labs and was completely open source, right that everyone can participate in development and use of it? So there's no commercial interest from the prospective. My point is if that doesn't create some, frustration for developers. what we can use why there's okay. There's called MOS and there is a node Ops and what we can use for that. That's what I'm saying. I maybe

Artur Troian: You may want to consider thinking on building something on top of that just gonna be improving the user experience for developers. another point is once again,â€¦

Naman Kabra: Yep.

Artur Troian: that's my humble opinion of that. Was what kind of developers if you still talk about three developers if you talk about Cosmos based chains.

Artur Troian: Without Smart contracts for example in my opinion developers should know what they doing. Honestly, right justâ€¦

Naman Kabra: Yep.

Artur Troian: because simply what happens is as soon as they move out. Of the ecosystem and trying to do something real and trying to spin all of the things or set them up manually that becomes really complicated and let's say so okay, we're gonna try it out or not the Ops and then use called most to deploy permanently. That's gonna be a friction point. As well as deploy then maybe manually. another point is

Artur Troian: I would say building another you are yet. Another UI is probably okay, but I would rather say having the clients for different languages that allows users to emphasize using the API and then use that API as the entry point to try things out would be probably by Northern official. do you guys plan to ask for finding from Akashi Ninja for that?

00:50:00

Naman Kabra: Yeah, so we'll answer from the first question in terms of what developers we are targeting here. I think I started with the same that we're looking to onboard more developers here. So definitely the target would be web to Centric devs and anything and everything that is associated with onboarding them weird hackathon where it Workshop speed anything where we can provide a simplistic environment for them, which is very familiar with what they are already a custom So that's our target audience when it comes to acquiring the devs and we did test it out with Archway got a decent traction as well right to answer in terms of funding site. Yes, we requesting for a grand or

Naman Kabra: Any form of incentives via delegation program anything that works best. I think Tyler is going to get back to us on that front.

Artur Troian: I say okay. Yeah, so yeah, we can discuss that on the

Artur Troian: Solitary, I forgot our top meeting for that incoming.

Tyler Wright: Steering committee yet.

Artur Troian: Yeah. Yeah. The question is pretty much no one just to you on that is before the question is how Akash Community is going to benefit from that So this is the biggest question, right? This is good that you guys being things for other chains to do that. But the main question is okay how Akash mean she can benefit from it and honestly saying at least for now I kind of like questioning. There are really nice benefits for cash Community from the prospective. I would say before asking for funding that to explore.

Artur Troian: what Akash Community are in a contraction Network as my source of the grounds needs and then probably thinking what you can change in not also the akashion network benefits from that because the purpose of the grant is solely to taking Bennett to give a benefit in form of some service to Akash users. Not the other chains come as

Artur Troian: A side thing. So it's other change benefit from that. That's okay. But the main benefit has to be a customer support users and honestly saying I don't see Akash users to be having benefits. At least from what I saw that but I can be wrong once again, feel free to put that on the discussion and ask questions of what you could extend in node Ops to cash users to benefit. terrible back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank I want to I know that naman's on the other side of the world. He's been again joining a couple of meetings. He joined the six support recently. He joined State Community as well recently and gave a demo and then this has been the hands of insiders for some time for them to test. If anybody has any difficult comments. Feel free to drop them in six support then again, we even having some discussions with them on offline about some next steps and books just continue to have those discussions but much appreciate everybody's feedback. I know that I have a hard stop and about three minutes because I have to jump over to Sig providers if anybody wants to join that conversation looking at some of you here again, please feel free to join that conversation. And then it's Artur mentioned steering committee is happening tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: There's a number of discussions that will be discussed then as well as again Naman we can talk about creating a discussion or next steps as it pertains to no dots. But Naman much appreciate you join the conversation Artur. Thank you for leading us through the typical structuring of the triaging of support issues. If anybody here has any questions about any specific issues that they again are looking at or any issues that are affecting them and they want to get some more feedback on please drop those in six support and we'll meet again in about two weeks and I'll make the recording transcript and notes available for this meeting soon. But I hope everyone has a great day. And again, I'm hoping over to Sig providers. So feel free to join me. There'll be some conversation about content moderation and potentially auditing as hope to see all there.

00:55:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you everybody for our Lively six support meeting. Hope everyone has a great day. We'll talk soon. All right.

Artur Troian: thanks, everyone just

Scott Carruthers: That's good.

Meeting ended after 00:56:07 ðŸ‘‹
