# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #21

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, November 8th, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://tiycqjxd7fzfrflpcqvbtv6urvk4vtbljtwr7kfpebsrd2p7hhvq.arweave.net/mjAoJuP5cliVbxQqGdfUjVXKzCtM7R-oryBlEen_Oes)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Benjamin B
- George Pro
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



# Notes

- Scott led the group through the issues awaiting triage in the support repo.
- Scott talked about [issue 137](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/137). Scott tried to reproduce this issue when it first came up with DCNorse. Another user found the issue more recently. 
- Scott will assign to Andy. Andy has not seen this issue, but he will try to reproduce this issue. This issue is marked Sev2.
- Scott talked about issue 139. The default order https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/139. Andy made a work around for it, and shared in Discord. This is marked P2 right now.
- This issue is assigned to Artur right now, and more research will be done later.
- Scott and Tyler talked about MaxUnit limits. This is issue 140. The limits will be raised again today. 
- Scott and Benjamin talked about how the limits were signifanctly lower in the past. They were raised last year. 
- Benjamin agrees the limits should be raised, but asked a question about resource allocation. Scott mentioned that there are internal discussions. Concerns are known, and the internal team is thinking it through.



## Support

- ZJ had an issue with a provider. The provider crashed because of an SDL. ZJ will share the SDL.
- Benjamin and the group talked about ways to improve process for govenerance proposals. 


## Action Items 

- Improve process for governance proposals.
- Artur to look at [issue 139](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/139). 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Arm around this time. If anybody has any conflict with this time, please feel free to let me know we've talked about this in the Akash insiders group as well as the number of other meetings. Thank you to all the Insiders that are here. We are looking for more participation from insiders because again many of the Insiders are involved in

Tyler Wright: Forward it can help figure out, some of the lurking issues some of the big issues or can talk about any of the issues and the Usually Archer walks us through the support repo. But today we have another member of the core engineering team Scott who will be leading us through any issues that need to be triaged if anybody has any questions about any open issues whether they're new issues or waiting for us or whether they're existing issues that you want to update on. Please feel free to put a message in a chat or raise your hand at that time. And then after that the next part of the agenda is I'll be asking folks on this call. I see Andre Julius Ben and Max who are oftentimes working with members of the community in Discord and other channels and I'm just want to get a sense of is there any themes that you all see in terms of ways that we can maybe improved documentation and prove process?

Tyler Wright: Improve anything on the support side to make it more streamlined for new and existing users. So without further Ado. I'll hand it over to Scott.

Tyler Wright: You can talk about that later today because I have strong thoughts about that. But let's go through the triaging of issues first and then be able to go from there. So without further do I hand over to Scott and I'll just be taking notes in the background.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks as I look at the issues that have been created and the ones that have come up since our last session. I believe there's only a couple of unassigned. So I think this can be pretty quick and then we can get into some open discussion. so to go through two issues that have come up and in terms since our last meeting I'll start with. it's titled issues with the cost provider Miss bigger worker node. Perhaps I was actually looking at this prior to the call and as we could see we have a reference to DC Norse who I've actually had conversation. He wasn't the individual that opened this issue. He had a similar issue and this was I probably say eight weeks ago something like that where for some reason the

Scott Carruthers: a worker node and a provider kubernetes cluster is erroneously representing a very high number of GPU quantity. So obviously extremely large one good thing about this is some of the sanity checks that called most team runs in their analytics and actually when this breaches upper threshold for quantity and basically when we hit this before

Scott Carruthers: A cloud most was not reporting this within analytics. So obviously we could do a very drastic Miss representation of how many gpus are on the network if we actually reported this number, but again, thankfully there are some safeguards in place in Cloud motion others of this breaches a per threshold and it wouldn't have that impact. when this first came up Again, many weeks ago. I tried to reproduce this issue and was unable to their initially thought that it was mislabeling of a node which really shouldn't have any impact on inventory and reporting of resources, but I tried to do anything that I could possibly think of to reproduce this issue and was unable to when this first came up with DC Norris and I believe there's some conversation about this in the issues as well. He thought that

Scott Carruthers: possibly the way to reproduce it was removing a GPU card from a running server. So after I got through pretty exhaustive testing DC North throughout that hypothesis and I didn't have the ability to test that because the host that I test GPU providers on our Cloud instances, and Lambda Labs other lab instances, and obviously I don't have the ability to remove a GPU card from a running server host in that scenario. So that's a lot of the backstory and a lot of further description in the issue.

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: Andy, I was wondering as I was looking through this morning. Would you like me to assign in first of all, I'm wondering if you've had any conversation with DC Norse in these regards and in the second. Would you like me to assign this to you initially and you can have some conversation with DC Norse and see obviously to Most likely if we want to review this from a code level we need to be able to reproduce the issues and I was unable to do that. Would you like to take a look at this and see if you have any Ability or able to isolate a means of reproducing this issue.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah. No problem. I have never seen this issues of myself and I've been playing with GPS quite extensively and I was disabling enabling and plug-in stopping and renabling and stuff. I haven't been able to reproduce it. But I'll try to focus more on my video. I'll do this. I know but we'll try.

Scott Carruthers: Before either across dozens of GPU providers that I've set up and was completely unable to reproduce the issue. But I'll sign you and maybe through some conversation with DC Norse and some further investigation we can Try to reproduce.

Andrey Arapov: Okay, it's all good.

Tyler Wright: Are you marking it? P2 or anything like that. I see Pete except you got your attention.

Scott Carruthers: but yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: and then the second and last issue is one that Andy identified says five days ago so mid last week and Andy out let you jump into if you'd like to describe this but essentially Andy detailed this and in great detail, and essentially it's if a deployment as created with a array or a list of different GPU models the bid will choose the last element in the array or in the list and the sdl and we'll

Scott Carruthers: bid on that and obviously if it doesn't have that type of GPU model. So again Andy goes through and describes Us in detail, but it could be a circumstance where a provider bids on this workload because they have a a100 but in the bid it's going to select the last element of their array which would be the 40 90 in this case and most likely wouldn't have that resource and would bid on that you've definitely detailed this and in great detail, but would you like to describe it any further?

Andrey Arapov: I just want to add that it's not necessary picking the last in this deal, but it picks I mean First Source dictionary and alphabetically, so if you scroll down to additional information and a little bit down there you will see.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah makes sense. it starts the dictionary and then it's the last element in the sort of dictionary. Okay.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, and if you go a bit more down you'll see that I played with the simple sort actually also played these are going to compiled it but shared in this particular should because I'm not sure if it does the same sorting in our version but going basically does the same sorting and I played this different deployments and actually it confirms that it takes The last one from the sourcing so it's kind of not so easy to reproduce without knowing this in beforehand.

Andrey Arapov: Because exactly situation. But yeah, it's possible and if you scroll down to the comment from me, there's a partial background. Basically what I did, I modified the price script so that in this case if it happens, it just takes the highest price from the available price prices of the providers. So the provider this so nobody can basically kind of fill out. Of that abuse the provider in this kind of case.

Andrey Arapov: Yet not it's partial background because if somebody knows that this particular provider has let's say cheaper GPU and if it happens so that if you sort dictionary of medically if it happens, it comes the last and while being sorted then it's possible to get the cheaper price for let's say higher and GPU so kind of tricky but yeah, that's why I named as a partial background.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, and I say so that's part of the generic script now. So this partial workaround is baked into the script, okay?

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Now I also made an announcement on for that I think.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I thought I remembered that. I know that I'm Archer wanted to wait to get into the session to do assignment, but I'm just going to assign and I'll Touch base with them as well, but I will assign Archer to this. For now, and again, I'll follow up with him to see if he wants to do anything differently.

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: And do we want to possibly would be? appropriate severity

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I think it's quite important not as P1, but it's beautiful for sure.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, okay.

Andrey Arapov: It's over T. 1.600 1.3 something that's

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, okay. Okay, and I didn't take a pause after we discussed the first issue, but I'll do that now and also for this one as well, is there any Comments questions about either of these issues that we reviewed.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, and yeah without Tyler I think we're done with the issues review for this session.

Tyler Wright: Okay, can I talk briefly about increased Max's limits? Because that's something that's coming up today issue number 140.

Scott Carruthers: Sure.

Tyler Wright: This Doesn't have to be assigned or triage right now, but this is something that is actively being worked on by Archer. I put a message in the validators chat last night. There is going to be a binary upgrade. It doesn't require a network upgrade but there will be some binary changes that are coming. Today. We're asking that all validators can make those changes around one PM eastern time. I think it's six pm UTC and these changes will

Tyler Wright: Add limits so that's as you can see in this issue. So that larger deployments can be created on the Akash Network. I know that there was some limits set last year on purpose to try to continue to grow the network efficiently and not have too many outlying issues as people are trying to deploy maybe larger workloads. And all this may not be Network related. This might be something else but now because of a number large amount of demand from folks in AI ml space that require larger deployments. We're going to be again racing the limits and so that's going to be happening today. So if you're a validator or again anybody that's Here right now. That's a Insider or Works closer with the community. Please look out for those changes and there will be some provider changes that will be shared today as well. So

Tyler Wright: Again, we're still looking to have that mainnet upgrade domain at eight on November 20th, and more information will be made soon. Obviously when the proposal goes online folks will have the block height, but this is a more pressing issue today. So I just want to highlight it real fast.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and just some history on that when I first joined Akash So these are the current limits that are set within in the go code and does a Ascend any check on deployments to not reach these upper thresholds. When I first joined to Cache these were dramatically lower than they are today. So max CPU, I believe that when I first joined was 10 CPU per deployment. So approximately a year ago, we dramatically increased those limits some up to 256 and I'm just focusing on CPU but obviously others were raised as well. So we did a dramatic race, I think from 10 to 256, but now as Tower described with some AI workloads even 256 Max CPU per

Scott Carruthers: Or per instance of a replica set is not sufficient, which is obviously great news that we have some demand for deployments that need more than 256 CPU. So we did raise that recently within the last year, but now there's a rather urgent need to increase it dramatically. Higher for those AI workloads like I may have heard a hand.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: And it's told to say two things the first things that I remember when these years were way lower as well. The other thing is that the though I agree with this change, I believe that this must be done. I'm a bit worried about having such high limits, but this not be problematic if up provider wants to build on two things at once, but they build on one thing with all the resources. They don't get that deployment and they missed everyone. So if two people were to try to deploy at once one word to take up. Maybe 100 CPUs and the provider has 105 maybe and the second one were to want to have the 20 CPUs.

00:15:00

Benjamin B: even though the provider doesn't get the first deployment called the second note we missed because of this. I'm not sure how the resource allocation works.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, no, that's certainly so there's been some internal discussion and Benjamin you and I had some discussion around us some more. Possible concern for the network a few weeks ago. So yeah, we're definitely cognizant of that and that would occur if if they had 105 Us CPUs and somebody requested 10 which brings So those would be reserved during the bid process because obviously we need to reserve those while they bidding process is in flight. So yeah that would bring them down to 95 available during that five minute period or shorter depending on when the lease is created and those resources are free. So yeah that is a possibility and as

Scott Carruthers: just the nature of the network today but yeah, the concerns that you and I discussed a few weeks ago are definitely known and are being considered. But yeah that is a possibility today.

Scott Carruthers: any other thoughts or questions on this

Scott Carruthers: Okay, I'm gonna stop sharing my screen and and obviously if there's any questions on that or anything else as we go along we can revisit. But yeah, I think Tyler we can move on the edge with the agenda for now.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Scott for ing. working through those issues and support repo Again, if anybody has any issues that are related to Cloud most feel free to drop those in the cloud builds repo under the issues area. I know that Max and Max do a great job of Looking at those issues making quick fixes staying connected with folks inside of Discord inside the ecosystem Cloud most channel of many other channels. So again, if anyone has any issues specific to Cloud those feel free to drop them in there. And then if anybody has any questions, feel free to bring them up here the next usually joins his call or again reach out to the Max's on Discord because they do a great job of being very responsive.

Tyler Wright: Cool moving on. I do want to ask because we have a number of folks from the inside of the community here as well as Andy from The Core team. Does anybody want to mention anything that they've maybe have seen in Discord or in other communication channels over the last couple of weeks that they want to talk about go ahead Julius.

Julius Haus: I had the issues with a Boundary staking two weeks ago. I managed to crash his provider. With a specific sdl, and he told me that he would get in touch with you and would like to check if this happened maybe with Andy.

Andrey Arapov: Nobody really conducted me in this regards, but I'm really interested in about this is the L. If you could just share it with me. I would try to test it on my provider Maybe.

Julius Haus: Yeah, it happened because of different gpus and it choose the wrong and the wrong GPU and somehow it restarted. I will share the sdl with you and I'm not sure if you fixed it already, but he sent me a message that he will get in touch with you with the team and

Julius Haus: maybe it was just a wrong setup, but I was not sure about that. I will send you all information.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah. Thanks and when it happened because about a month ago providers had unattended upgrades enabled and it was causing a lot of issues how I can so maybe it's connected somehow.

Julius Haus: No, it was two weeks ago on the 28th of October.

Andrey Arapov: it's also possible that they didn't disabled or something. But maybe it's something else. It's very interesting. just waiting for this deal to look at things.

Julius Haus: Okay, great.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Is there anything else Benjamin Bax George anything else that you all see?

Tyler Wright: All Max asked a question that There's no need for a dove prop for the limit increase. No, there's not needed for prop which is why we're going about this way. Originally you're trying to determine if there was a good prop needed and then we're going to add it to the main net eight upgrade. But after further research, it was determining and upgrade is not needed which is why we're going about it and solving it today.

Tyler Wright: Has anybody else here seen any? Specific themes inside support channels or any specific issues outline outside the issues that DJ rays that might be worth more visibility from the core team or just the support group in general.

Tyler Wright: cool All right. again much appreciate everybody here who's gets involved and stays involved in Discord and other channels and is there to provide support for many new and existing users so much appreciate all of you.

Tyler Wright: All right. That is the typical agenda. I know that there was some thoughts about having Around discussion pages in GitHub Benjamin. Did you have anything specific that you wanted to talk about there as it relates to just support in general. Go ahead.

Benjamin B: I don't really know how to solve it per se but I know that the problem here is that not enough people got involved during the discussion period the proposal. was on the discussion pages for maybe a month into the split between two pages and I'm not sure if almost anyone continue involved in discussion besides me and

Benjamin B: Basically, the proposal went to shame. And as soon as people started to discussing it people were against it. And I'm not quite sure how else to phrase it.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I have strong opinions about that. But I'm going to express them very quickly. I agree with you Benjamin. I would ask especially I'm going to talk to Adam wozni about this the Insiders in vanguards very least should be looking at discussion and participating discussions. I was disappointed frankly that I feel no or the other across Network a great deal. I care about bringing more demand onto the cost Network that is top of mind for me. That's top of Cloud parity, which we're a long way away from is very much top of buying for me and obviously finding more Builders like the Max's ZJ so many others in the community. That's what I'm really focused on as an individual. I feel as if a lot of people in the community have good intentions about.

Tyler Wright: being available and have strong opinions about The College Community, but I would like to see more consistency. I know that everybody has a life and everybody has other things that they're working on I guess but I think that the bare minimum there should be at least more participation in GitHub discussions. I know that this group had talked about this a number of times as well as it was brought up during the steering committee, which people on this call. Were in there at the steering committee and during those conversation during those times. I feel like there was not that pushback Right. Nobody really said much of anything and SO waiting to the last Two minutes of the fourth quarter when something's already on chain, I think is less than desirable from a efficiency standpoint. But ultimately

Tyler Wright: the community spoke and the vote so I think at the end of the day there was no issue. I would just ask that more people. That care about the community that want to see the community grow can just stay involved at the base level of just getting involved in discussions when some of these topics are talked about in Discord, which they were all talked about in Discord for a couple of weeks. I would ask them more people get involved in those discussions earlier on so that we can get a pulse of What's going on the community and what the community thinks? I think we didn't get a pulse of what the community thought besides Benjamin your thoughts before the weekend and again ultimately. The structure work then boating worked right? Because the community had strong opinions and those opinions have been felt but it would have been in my opinion better from an operational standpoint and there was a number of chances for people to get involved earlier. Go ahead Ben.

00:25:00

Benjamin B: Another possible solution for this would be that our to create such a proposal. a requirements could be set to Have the market research be done. So just would you want this as a tenant on the network? Yes or no what you want? This is a developer. Yes or no. And from that it could be displayed on the proposal at least and then I very much agree with you. I believe that a discussion should have at least

Tyler Wright: I agree with the first point I think is on the proposer. I think that's an example if Max. And the cloud most team won to do something. I don't think they would have to show a level of market research because they have a tool that They're having it. They've shown a track record and it's just building on pawn something if people in the community require market research then they could either say I'm not gonna vote for this proposal. until I get the marker research or whatever, but I don't know if that should be a part of the framework so I know Scott I cut you off and then Benjamin back to you afterward. Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: So this actually wasn't why I raised my hand, but Tyler on your point about it being the responsibility of the proposer to do the market research Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that may have been what Ben was suggesting why so in this proposal that was launched it would be and come in that proposer to do market research and include that market research within the proposal.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I would say that it would go much better if they did this research before but I also believe that when in this example of cloud must not requiring. And if any market research instead, they have their numbers to prove it and just naming those numbers that they have done in previous proposals. I think that's good enough. That's one type of more research.

Tyler Wright: No.

Benjamin B: in my opinion

Tyler Wright: for sure, but the Max's started from zero at some point just like any of the other teams right before. Cloud most was a thing. They were proposing an idea of what they wanted to bring into the ecosystem.

Tyler Wright: And the kind of tool so that was only I agree and I agree with you that the best kind of proposal has all this information. and I believe that if somebody wants to have the best chance of it. Yes, then I would say everything that you're saying makes a lot of sense. I just don't necessarily want to make it a requirement because we did there are so many other requirements that we're making folks jump through if people don't want to do it then

Tyler Wright: Yeah, then people just vote against it, go ahead Scott and then Max following.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, I want to go back to the original thought here of that. This proposal had very little discussion before the proposal was put on chain, so this is just my initial perspective on this and I'm wondering if there's any disagreement with this agreement or in exactly what was done in this case, but The thought around that there wasn't enough discussion on this proposal. obviously the community and even some of the Akash core team, there's a volume of stuff that we need to focus on and it might not be especially from a community perspective not realistic that people are just casually browsing for open discussions. But to me, there's a pretty simple solution to this and that being it should be incumbent on the proposer.

Scott Carruthers: To elicit discussion. So especially when you're seeking Fund in right? So if I was seeking funding for a specific project, it should be my responsibility within Discord to ensure that their significant discussion and so to me my point being it should be the responsibility of their proposer to ensure that there's those ability and there's active discussion and ensure that Significant or sufficient discussion has occurred before putting it on chain. There shouldn't be an expectation that people are just organically. Cognizant of these discussions. So obviously that's pretty simple solution. I don't know if anybody disagrees with that. But again, My overall point is it should be the responsibility of the proposer to ensure that there's visibility and significant discussion before putting an unchain, sir any disagreement with that?

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: I go ahead.

Benjamin B: I'm just Start. Okay. I'll go ahead. I just want to say here that I used to have a different opinion on this but after you've mentioned it kind of makes sense that more scalable method here is that the proposer gets the opinions and gets the people to engage in the discussions then? in accordance insiders the proposeries could just reach out to other insiders could tie them in The Insider Channel and say hey, could you please Tell me. What do you think about this? Could you add your opinions to the discussion pages to do this or not? They could also create a Reddit post with your posts. It's not that hard to reach out to people to get involved in the discussions.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Max.

Max: Yeah, definitely agree with your approach Scott, I think. People that are requesting for funding should definitely work. Towards getting some feedback from the community. but also like you mentioned Tyler they presented or talked about the proposal during the steering committee. Which is good I guess but I guess yes, maybe an improvement to this process like having the proposals presentation to the community there. their project that they want to get funding from could be

Max: we're having the funding process in a few steps the first step would be to obviously create the discussion or the issues. But put up. I think a discussion on the GitHub repo and then try to get some feedback from the community by communicating others. to the various channels

Max: if let's say the proposal gets some decent feedback and the project itself seems to be worthy of getting funding. I think there should be a Next Step where there could be a Kind of like this sigme things, but just an extra meeting dedicated to that project for that project to present to the community. And having all the Insiders or anyone else that wants to icip joining on that thing to have. As much discussion as possible and see.

Max: what the team is all about and just have a better graph grasp of the project is normally if you seek funding from anywhere in the world, you have to thank you presentation or something and have an audience that you can speak to. to get some feedback and see if it's worth funding and then after that The Proposal goes Unchained based on what's the result of that process I think would be a good Improvement.

Tyler Wright: I hear what you're saying Max and I don't think from an operational standpoint anything that you're saying is necessarily wrong. thought my response to that is in the past when we've tried to facilitate more meetings or specific meetings about topics. I know that people in the past have been like all right, we already have too many meetings. Can we bring this into another conversation which is I thought what the value of the steering committee is, which is why again, we made it a process that nobody can put anything on chain. Ideally until they go the steering committee because that meeting where they can present to a large member of the community. I get what you're saying in theory and in theory, this makes a lot of sense right I would love for.

Tyler Wright: Anybody to be able to pitch to the Insiders and have 30 to 40 people there talking about I like this. I don't like this that would be great. But the reality of it is that doesn't happen. We don't even get that consistent level of participation for The Insider office hours. So, I don't know when we be able to even get that kind of commentary which is why I think the GitHub discussions work. So Frankly Speaking. I looked at the Benjamin put an issue in the cloud most presentation, The cloud most asked from February. That was an ask from a team, another thing just not because Max is here, but that's and ask from a team that has shown what they're capable of has shown that it's a product that literally almost everybody in the community uses, right?

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: But there wasn't much commentary even on that proposal up until Luna maybe had some negative things to say which caused Max to respond. And then there was an actual commentary from there prior to that there wasn't that much commentary from people in the community, even though again, the Max's had been known they shown what they're capable of they were just taking next steps on what they want to do some based upon working group sessions and other conversation with the core team. still again. There was one person that's A case of feedback and that started discussion. I think only six people got involved in. So I'm fine to try all these practices especially based upon what just happened but

Tyler Wright: I don't know how to put it frankly again. I think whatever. it may not been smooth sailing to get us to this point. But whatever the voting structure worked right there was enough people that pushed back on the proposal. Even though is already on chain one questions in GitHub, even though it was already on chain had discussions inside our office hours and validated channels, even though it was already on chain and then again The votes have shown themselves to be what the community is looking for. So I'm gonna talk internally and I'm gonna talk to some of these insiders. I really want to have this discussion maybe with some more insiders during The Insider office hours tomorrow, but then we can figure out some small tweaks that we can make to the process? Go ahead Bend and then backs after okay Ben saying go go first max.

Max: Yeah, I agree with what you're seeing about. too many meetings and also the participation might not be at the peak for these kinds of meetings, but

Max: also the process is technically already there with this steering community meeting, but I feel like when it's done in the steering coming either there's so many topics that are talked about in that single meeting in that same hour that some things are Rush. Sometimes I feel like and that's the reason why I propose a separate reading for the bigger funding because there's not that many that are asking for 63 k for example, right now there's only just one. So I feel like having a separate one hour meeting or 30 minute meeting whatever length of the meeting is for. The bigger purple would be worth it. It might be maybe something to experiment with I don't know. But yeah, I wouldn't do like a meeting for.

Max: for all the projects only a handful of project or the few ones that pass the discussion phase where it's seems like it's in project and we want to know more for example in that case. We would have that separate meeting for the presentation in discussion. So yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think it's a good point. Do you think Max or anybody else? Do you think there's a threshold that you see in your mind is 50,000. The threshold is 25,000 the threshold because theoretically right we didn't have the same level of Discourse around metamask when I think the Mystic team got fifty thousand dollars for a metamask plugin. So is a threshold should we make it lower to make it higher Because we just have the steering committee conversation. They had a GitHub discussion that I don't know if it really got that much. Commentary then they live their proposal but on chain, they got voted through and they got the game. They got the money. so

Benjamin B: Tyler I think the case series that it should be on a Case by case basis if I believe that's the discussion should be first and then if people in the discussion that want to understand more details, maybe they want to request a live demo with q&a's instead of just recorded the demo It's anything else that anyone wants to say about this topic. Otherwise, I will go back to something Tyler said earlier.

00:40:00

Benjamin B: Tyler gave me the thumbs up and I don't see any All right, so going back to what you mentioned about the Tyler. I actually liked idea that we shouldn't put that money requirements out. When creating a proposal but rather we could recommend. What's to do and I believe that for the market research. I believe that Adam is already recommending this in a pin the discussion on the discussion page so I think that this document maybe could be improved if anyone finds an issues in it, but for the market research specifically not having the requirement but rather just this is what we recommend.

Benjamin B: is good enough I

Tyler Wright: I think that's a great point. I think maybe in the future. If anybody here Benjamin as an example, if you would like to see a live demo. Maybe that's something you can either put in Discord and I can see that and I can create a meeting or we could put that in GitHub discussions. And so that'll be like an ask for members of the community, but then we can set up a separate conversation for here to everyone's Point here based upon a case by case basis. and so if there's more demands from the community before they can feel like they can make an educated decision right? Maybe some things are just cut and dry. it's just like, all right. Yes, I understand what this community pool spend is being used for makes sense. We don't have to have part of the discussion but maybe other things like maybe this specific proposal that is on its way to being rejected that there's a request and Benjamin the max or anybody else like hey, I would like to have a demo that's more than

Tyler Wright: the video that you all brought to the casathon then I'll see that in back, Yeah, that makes sense. We should create a separate conversation and then make sure that there's enough stakeholders available to have that conversation. I also like think that some of that async conversation with happening. Again, I just felt like and this is why I believe there's needs to be more participation if I can speak frankly, right? And this is just my opinion when there was no participation except for min. Through the first two weeks. I was under the impression that Benjamin's opinion was

Tyler Wright: His own and it was isolated right? I know that Ben also had some issues with how the akash-upon was handled and maybe the first prize and so in my opinion because there was only Benjamin talking about it. I didn't know Benjamin Had through feelings about be what to this proposal would do in terms of creating more Demand on the Akash Network, having more users have more streamlined view or if it was more self thoughts about process is how this team had come from a casathon to now wanting to build a business out of it and put a proposal on chain for community pool funding. when more people got involved in the conversation and started raising different questions than just the akasathon and the status of the demo then

Tyler Wright: it became more of like, alright, we need to have more conversation about it and they got to this point, so Benjamin, I'm not knocking you in any way, but I think to your point we'll do a better job of getting more insiders vanguards the members of the other community to participate in conversation earlier so we can have more depth of opinions earlier in the process as opposed to again once something's on chain for about again last thing I'll say is ultimately I understand and we want to optimize all parts of this process. But ultimately the community spoke. And the book and the proposal as it's been proposed right now is going to be rejected. So to me that's like a win for democracy, potentially

Tyler Wright: Cool any other thoughts questions again? I want to talk about this a little bit further tomorrow during inside our office hours. I put the discussion that Benjamin's referencing from what Adam did on best practices for a college governance proposal. If anybody sees anything in that that they want to feel free to just drop either a comment in the bottom or just feel free to start a discussion insiders and then we can continue to optimize this document so that we all feel comfortable.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else support related or anything else in the community that anybody wants to discuss before we head out of here?

Tyler Wright: No. All again if anybody wants to participate in Sig design is coming up in about 10 minutes and then there will be a Sig chain meeting where I think we'll talk a little bit more about the network upgrade as well as the max units changes that are coming today. So if anybody has any more questions, but believe members of the core team including Archer will be at that meeting in two hours. But again, of course gonna be an hour and 10 minutes, but prior to that we'll have a Sig design meeting that's kicking off shortly.

Tyler Wright: A bunch of appreciate everybody that joined us meeting. We'll talk about issues and the support repo that need to be tries. But I really like the conversation that folks were having around again. The governor's proposal process. I would love for this group and others to just continue to be engaged continue to speak your mind and speak your peace on all things. If you don't feel comfortable doing it in public feel free to message me privately so that at least I know where you're opinions are and I can look to push them forward in a more public setting but again much appreciated everybody.

Tyler Wright: All I hope everybody has a great day. Thank you all very much for all the discussion today. I'll make the notes available soon, but I'll get appreciating each and every one of Hope everyone has a great message that.

Tyler Wright: All right.

Meeting ended after 00:47:15 ðŸ‘‹

