sig-support/meetings/023-2023-12-06.md, before:

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, December 6th, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://l5yeilkhvwmpqetchbk2pax4nxmu6miv23cxy7iszl7nvgbk4lka.arweave.net/X3BELUetmPgSYjhVp4L8bdlPMRXWxXx9Esr-2pgq4tQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants




# Notes

- Artur talked about how busy the last couple of weeks have been. There was a mishap with 1 small edge case after the network upgrade.



## Support




## Action Items 

- Track issue 148. This may be solved.
- Discuss issue 153 after network upgrade to Mainnet 9.
- Max will be working on endpoints for Praetor team.
- Make a new issue for sig-chain Mainnet 9.


# **Transcript**

Commit message:

sig-support Update 023-2023-12-06.md
Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-support/meetings/023-2023-12-06.md, after:

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, December 6th, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://l5yeilkhvwmpqetchbk2pax4nxmu6miv23cxy7iszl7nvgbk4lka.arweave.net/X3BELUetmPgSYjhVp4L8bdlPMRXWxXx9Esr-2pgq4tQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants




# Notes

- Artur talked about Mainnet 9. The upgraded happenned successfully.
- Artur talked about issue 152. Artur asked if this happens after deployment update. Andrey said it does and he will update the ticket.
- Sometime after the new year, there will be discussion of SDL v3.
- Artur talked about issue 132.
- Artur looked at issue 156. This was marked as "needs verification" for now.
- Need to add some labels for items that are coming in the future, or items that need more discussion.
- Artur talked about AMD Support issue 142. There are a couple of things in SDL process or provider that prevents deployments for non NVIDIA GPUs. This does NOT require network upgrade.
- Mainnet Upgrades will be smaller. There are 3 planned for the first quarter of 2024.
- Artur is working on list on ADR records that will describe each upgrade. Look out in support repo for more details.
- Artur talked about Testing environment for Akash Upgrades. Scott is going through all of the end to end testing. SDLs for Testing will be moved into signal repo under Akash API.



## Support

- Alani highlighted how much he liked the open meetings. Helps to know what is on the project roadmap.
- Support has been steady in Discord and beyond. No out of the ordinary issues. 


## Action Items 

- Discussion next week with Labels for new features.
- Discuss issue 156 in more detail, to determine solution.


# **Transcript**
