# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Artur will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes.
- Artur and Anil will lead discussion putting severity on issues. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, December 6th, 2023
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://hzvr27yxq5skbo2dwiw6yums3dd4ujzhibdn44zpod5ebxslfinq.arweave.net/PmsdfxeHZKC7Q7It7FGS2MfKJydARt5zL3D6QN5LKhs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

# Participants

- Abiola Oyeniyi
- Alani Kuye
- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


# Notes

- Artur talked about Mainnet 9. The upgraded happenned successfully.
- Artur talked about issue 152. Artur asked if this happens after deployment update. Andrey said it does and he will update the ticket.
- Sometime after the new year, there will be discussion of SDL v3.
- Artur talked about issue 132.
- Artur looked at issue 156. This was marked as "needs verification" for now.
- Need to add some labels for items that are coming in the future, or items that need more discussion.
- Artur talked about AMD Support issue 142. There are a couple of things in SDL process or provider that prevents deployments for non NVIDIA GPUs. This does NOT require network upgrade.
- Mainnet Upgrades will be smaller. There are 3 planned for the first quarter of 2024.
- Artur is working on list on ADR records that will describe each upgrade. Look out in support repo for more details.
- Artur talked about Testing environment for Akash Upgrades. Scott is going through all of the end to end testing. SDLs for Testing will be moved into signal repo under Akash API.



## Support

- Alani highlighted how much he liked the open meetings. Helps to know what is on the project roadmap.
- Support has been steady in Discord and beyond. No out of the ordinary issues. 


## Action Items 

- Discussion next week with Labels for new features.
- Discuss issue 156 in more detail, to determine solution.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, again, welcome everybody to six support biweekly meeting number 23 during these Sig biweekly meetings. The group comes together to look at support issues in the support repo anything that needs triage gets triage,â€¦

Alani Kuye: It's good.

Tyler Wright: but led by Archer and the rest of the team we go over any open issues and again assign them put importance on them. Just a General triage at the last six support meeting. We were getting ready for mainnet nine that may not nine has Upgrade has happened successfully.

Tyler Wright: I'm sure Archer will talk about some future plans. We also outlined some of the future plans for Network upgrades happening in 2024 q1. I think we have three plan for right now obviously subject to change but again had a successful maintenance nine upgrade. I know that out of the last meeting we were talking about some work to the cloud most team is going to be doing with the pretor team in terms of endpoints and I believe that the praise the most team have been able to link in come to an agreement on what the most team can provide and then again there was another issue that will be looked I believe issue 148 that we talked about as an action item.

Tyler Wright: So again with that being said, I'll hand it over to Archer to have a triage any issues. And then from there I will even though andrey's been away and Scott has been helping to cover. We'll talk about anything that we see in the support channels and then we can open it up to questions comments or if anybody wants has any technical questions for the core team. So without further Ado, I'll hand it over to our turn and I'll take notes in the background.

Artur Troian: That's not hi everyone. I apologize for my voice today, ultimate of gold. right here first screen, so Yeah, the total number one to discuss is. my net nine that we have successful performance on Tuesday, what was that 28 of November in so that was weeks of

Artur Troian: carry over issues that was introduced in my net a minute 8 and

Artur Troian: there was a slight mishap validation of the bit attributes so pretty much what was happening that I need deployment that has multiple Services they should have. equal amount of replica otherwise provide a significant building And we had to pretty much the best way as always to fix. That is the natural great. So anyway, it was really quick to class. Probably I Quantum minutes to apply it. So I think that includes the network of rates for this year.

Artur Troian: I just closed this issue that we pretty much.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's let me see quickly what we have right now waiting for triage. And then talk about some other things.

Artur Troian: that

Artur Troian: let's see. What is that about?

Artur Troian: And you just regression does it happen on deployment update or on deployment create?

Andrey Arapov: It's when you send Manifesto.

Artur Troian: No, is it some manifest after deployment rate or after the point of daily?

Andrey Arapov: After deployment has been updated not create.

Artur Troian: So that's the point of that.

Andrey Arapov: I never seen it on after create.

Artur Troian: Can Update the description of the issues that happens on deployment of date andâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, okay.

Artur Troian: we can move on. Is that Thank you. All Awesome the triage. So that is one actually.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: okay. Thank you. I'm gonna

Artur Troian: Put it out. What else do you have?

Artur Troian: They are going to find deployment Trace period what is that?

Artur Troian: I think yes, so. we're gonna leave it in the triage simply because it's

Artur Troian: it's much broader topic to discuss honestly. We have plans to plastic changes to the STL and the Manifest next year So sometime after you start discussion about sdlb 3. And an idea is that so the sdl itself is not definitely here. it's dirty with you, but Over this years we realized that people rely on sdl inscription What kind of feature supported on the network? So what you're gonna do is we're gonna introduce Asia three. This big changes of the layout and the format for marketing Etc and kind of pictures.

Artur Troian: and that you then Define the things manifest and provider Behavior, and that idea of the review three years.

Artur Troian: To have it by more easily expanded with new features. because current format implementation is kind of a little bit hard to extend for number of reasons. It serves a purpose for sure. But as the natural grows up the demand for features grows up we have to move on. So yeah, let's

Artur Troian: Let's have it American for jazz. Tell her let's have a discussion maybe sometime next week. So we need to put a few levels. I don't want to call them sdlb 3 but that's kind of like API changes or new future. Milestones anyway, yeah, you're gonna discuss that we're gonna leave it in the right Andreas, but hopefully some kind of thing. We are gonna have discussion on things. sorry. I open that issues in the new window and you guys didn't say sorry about that. Anyways, yeah, that will be for the next year. All right moving on the last.

Artur Troian: Yeah, I think that's the bug. I'm gonna give it a check what's going on here? So then

Artur Troian: yeah, we're gonna say, they're not here and if you make things this year for that. All right, Come on, seven.

Artur Troian: Okay.

Artur Troian: Right and what else was sees I have onion label issues.

Artur Troian: through the blue

Artur Troian: are you pretty much want to increase the

Artur Troian: yeah, because it's an image

Artur Troian: Yeah, once again, it's slightly broader discussion about that simply because you need to see how Goal, not require is gonna handle that. But yeah, that's a good discussion. Okay. Let's see.

Artur Troian: to so that's the thing to talk for the next year. See what the best option. For that. Okay, I'm gonna pull this verification. And if you need to introduce some new levels for this kind of thing, so that's probably a good question actually. Any from this? time and

00:10:00

Artur Troian: all right. and that is

Artur Troian: FBI and provider All So a thing we don't have any unlibal issues. Just one moment. yeah, so the energy support.

Artur Troian: When we introduced gpus area this year. The intention was to support pretty much impossible Wonder initially were focused on the Nvidia support and it's not kind of the thing that it means also called to introduce the mdv. The code base is intention to these and you support all there are a couple things in the sdl parsers as well as in the provider building process that runs actually deployments. This end with any GPU and we get GPU to be created. We're going to be removing that safely this week and it doesn't require nothing break. We're just gonna be right binary version.

Artur Troian: And that will be completely compatible with the existing Network. So we will try to release it sometime this week maybe over the next week. okay, everyone already from that and

Artur Troian: This is Academy behind on them. Right and anyone.

Artur Troian: And there was a longer issues to talk about. Don't Buccaneers. yeah, I think I asked him to reform out the HDL. I don't think

Artur Troian: we're gonna close it. It's not an issues. And let's close it. There is nothing we can do about that. All right, so that concludes the reaction process. Let's double check if we have anything unable. Nope. And anything already Josh? Yeah, that' actually doesn't. All right, so we don't have any more issues to talk about from the support reboot a couple things anybody have any questions about that.

Artur Troian: All right, so just to wrap up this year. I think you're gonna have one more six support but I started mentioned. We have quite a few Network upgrades plan for next year. And as always we are trying to release them.

Artur Troian: Teacher practitioner. So for example, we will try to put as little as possible in each Network grade simply to prevent issues during the upgrade and something goes wrong. Sometimes hard to guess what's going on? There's multiple features included our multiple migrations.

Artur Troian: We are working on the list of AGR records that gonna describe what does upgrades about and we're going to post them by end of this month. But to go ahead on that. There are three at least Network Embrace plant or you want 2024. The first one is changes to governance that allow us to have different War periods for different governance proposals as well as introducing feature called proposals so to put in the perspective right now every government proposal regardless of his type has seven day walking period which is

Artur Troian: most of the time is good. But sometimes we need to first of all to make a proposal quite expedited. For example, if Network operating goes wrong of the bark. We need to carry over the fix for that and we have to wait seven days. So a year of expedited proposal is that says something goes wrong we should fix and if we issues expedited governance proposal upgrade. We have 24 hours to reach consensus on that. So right now that I'll get things. It's just holding power if that's reached the great can be applied. Within 24 hours after the issues up on the network and it applies not only upgrades itself. But parameter changes are a community span, whatever.

00:15:00

Artur Troian: As well as we will have different default volume areas when you proposal types, I think. For social great itself. We're gonna cut it down from Southern basically before once again, it's debatable and it's gonna be able to change it through the parameters and then for rest, we're gonna just keep it seven days. Anyways, that's gonna be again a good point of discussion in the form. another upgrade will be related to Marketplace. if you want to have

Artur Troian: So right now when this is being closed by the provider or the network? the only reason to see that is overall deployment overdrawn escrow on And often happens usually damn, my list was closed and it's hard for them to see why and that's actually quite a good question. So what we are going to do is we're going to introduce some sort of status in the lease And once lease is being closed by the provider or actually by anyone my client by Talent by provided by the network. We're going to be dedicated reasons and overdrawn or deploy one of the services was unresponsive. Or wider is going down for whatever reason.

Artur Troian: So yeah, that's gonna give way more visibility for everyone starting from UI client console and down to CLI and anyone imagining that there's gonna be a great number two upgrade number three is Packet forwarding this is the feature that is kind of important for title payments because that allows us to use 19 years to see we have been kind of implemented but it needs so testing and we decided not to pull The trigger on that one by Under the year issues doesn't make sense. Everyone is going to be in the rush and people start to actually disembark work locations. So we will plan it once again for you on 2024 and obviously the cosmos SDK

Artur Troian: We are still on the Zero 45 which is quite old and it's been deprecated. So the target for us is after governance. Changes, which is the number one upgrade. Not a new year. We'll start working on migration migrating to the ecosystem Decay or seven or even probably 50 that's gonna be long task as there are so many Breaking changes we have to do race or testing and that's the topic. I want to talk about today as well. But I don't know when but hopefully sometime next year we're gonna update to a currently supportive mainstream version of the vehicles any questions to that?

Artur Troian: Okay, and last but not least is. Testing so pretty much all over the Sierra years and build quite that's the environment. And the probably biggest hiccup we have is we have this fastest scenarios and sdls cut it around multiple repository. So right now Scott is doing tremendous job pretty much going through all of the the unit test and to understand and documenting what kind of edge cases we actually cover then we're gonna take all the sdls. We're gonna move. them into

Artur Troian: a single repositories is going to be under Akash API and that will be reference is the health for all of the testing that allows different implementations. for example, go is your partner. Yes, and so forth to use them As well as we are going to try to put some good.

00:20:00

Artur Troian: Probably schema. We still need to figure out what was right to do that but some kind of schema that's gonna describe actual sdl structure and the template against which it can be validated. or age numbers like the mean marks for the CPU and so on so forth. We want to have that the single place to check if implementation of the specification is actually about it. so once again right now we are in the process of just collecting and documented all of the places where the sdls are okay that we're gonna then move them all in single place reformat them. Make sure we use up-to-date images and so force and after that some documentation changes coming up, I think that covers it for today.

Artur Troian: Dollar back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Archer. yeah, I just want to send out all the work that Artur in Scott are doing with the end-to-end testing and again, that'll be made available soon. I also want to just shout out in 2024 as we did in 2023 when there was a new.

Tyler Wright: Network upgrade we put a new issue inside of the support repo that had a Sig chain as a classifier and then put that specific Network upgrade as the main title. What we're going to be doing in 2024 is keeping with that same practice but adding again a temple ties version which will be a checklist of all the various steps that go into Network upgrades so that again folks in the community can track what's going on where we are in the process where the core team is in the process and where the folks and from the community can get involved potentially with testing and Beyond.

Tyler Wright: And again just want to shout out all the validators that have been really stepping up to the plate over the past month or so with these various upgrades. So we'll continue to stay in close communication with all the validators as we Implement new structures and get their opinions on that and as we continue to make feature improvements and continue improve the Akash Network. Does anyone have any questions about any issues that were triage today or any issues that are open in the support repo that anybody wants to discuss in further detail?

Tyler Wright: One thing I want to remind folks and again folks in this call. Especially insiders can let folk other folks in the community know we are always looking for more people that can contribute to issues in the support repo.

Tyler Wright: Obviously there is a deep technical understanding that is required to contribute to the core code base. There is time being allotted during these meetings during the six support biweeklys where anybody with go experience wants to tackle. Any open issues. They can describe their skill set describe the kind of issues that they want to ask any specific questions and then take these meetings that happen every two weeks to get some feedback again get some technical support for members of the core team ask any technical questions. And again, there will be bounties available for folks that want to contribute to solving issues in the support repo because I know that we have a very small core team that's doing a combination of keeping the network up and running.

Tyler Wright: looking at issues solving issues tree housing issues building new features. So again, really hoping to rely more on folks in the community that have technical understanding as we move into 2024. So there will be time allotted at the end of these six support meetings for folks that have any questions again Scott and we just had a meeting about this prior Scott Carruthers have done a great job of developing engineering documentation for folks that want to dive a little bit more into the weeds of what a cost network is and how the Akash network works. So obviously we have developer documentation for folks that want to use the Akash network. But again with the website revamp, there will be engineering documentation. That'll be a little bit significantly more Technical. And so again as we move into 2024, please look out for folks that want to be contributors to the core product through push them my way or push them towards

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: support and then we can again assess their skill set and hope to get more folks involved working more closely with Scott Archer Andre and the rest of the team.

Tyler Wright: Cool, if there's no issues that anybody wants to talk about in the support repo that are open at this part of the agenda. We usually hand it over to members of the Insiders entree to discuss anything that they've seen over the last couple of weeks in Discord or in other channels as pertains to issues from the community. This gives us the ability in close to real time understand what's going on with the community whether we have to update documentation whether there some folks are having the same kind of issues and maybe this is something that should be turned into a feature request, but I know there's a couple of members. I know that Andrey was on vacation. So usually I would ask him but again, he's just catching up himself Scott was helping to cover while he was gone. But I want to see abiola or Max. Have you all seen anything in the community? That's

Tyler Wright: worth discussing on the support side with the core team

Tyler Wright: You don't feel like you have to talk, but I just want to see if there's anything that you saw out there. That might be worth sharing.

Max: It does for me.

Tyler Wright: Great segue in Max talking again Cloud notes is a preferred deployment tool. I think that's very clear at this point. And there is a specific repo for most related issues. There's a specific channel in Discord ecosystem Cloud most and I know that the cloud most Team Max here as a representative does a great job of keeping track of issues that are reported in that repo and then he and the rest of the cloud most team work to solve those issues has those issues so if anybody has any issues Cloud most specific again, there is a repo where you can drop those issues in there and they get seen in very quickly and saw very quickly. So I just want to shout out Max again for all the work that he does with the cloud most tool.

Tyler Wright: Anyone else have any issues or anything that they've seen on the community front that might be worth talking about?

Tyler Wright: If not, no worries.

Tyler Wright: So, it's Artur mentioned. We'll have one more six support meeting before the holidays really kick off where again triage any issues after that. We will probably take it two week break. So we'll have a month between that next meeting and I'll just update the calendar as such again. There will be some discussions happening over a next couple of weeks that pertains to a potential governance proposals happening or potential upgrades happening in the new year and various processes. And again, look out for any updates happening to the support repo on any specific issues. We'll be updating some of the templates as well as we get ready for 2024.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciated everyone's participation again. Is there anything that anybody has any questions on the technical standpoint that Archer Scott's or anybody else could answer here today?

Alani Kuye: Very quickly. It's not so much a question. Just want to thank you guys for Sharing all this information. It's nice to see what's ahead. It's also always nice to at least have a good idea from a roadmap perspective updates and areas for participation community members. So just want to say thanks Art And Drake Scott next Ty yourself. I mean, I think you guys have been phenomenal and it's nice to just jump in once in a while and catch up.

Tyler Wright: much appreciate that. I'm on that note Alani I do and we'll talk about this again quick. Shout out to the steering committee, which again has been moved to this Thursday.

Tyler Wright: In terms of roadmap. We are starting to use project forwards and you've seen that in the last steering committee where again a number of the items that Archer and the rest of Team talked about today, whether it be around AMD support or some of the other items that are being worked on by the engineering core team are in that project board, which is completely public and you can kind of see again all the work that's happening across a number of different engineering efforts by many members of the team so you can kind of see what's in the backlog what's up next again, and I know I don't want to jump the gun, but I know that Archer and the rest of the core team have been thinking about secret management and private repos and have been thinking about, implementations there. So again,

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: There's a number of things happening and you can kind of track all the things that are going on using that roadmap, but much appreciate everyone's time today again as Alani said really enjoy these meetings really enjoy working and connecting with all of you. If there's nothing else and I hope everybody has a great rest of their day and steering committee tomorrow. I believe there's Sig economics happening later today. So a lot on the agenda and we'll just continue to work together online one more shout out to or call out sink clients is going to be happening next week where there'll be a number of folks Max will be there representing the cloud most team and there'll be other representatives of clients on Akash and we'll just do a year-end review and then look ahead to what some folks have on there project roadmaps for 2024. So let's look out for that in Discord.

Tyler Wright: I hope everyone has a great rest of the day. Thank you all again for participation today. Thank you Archer for leading us through. the support repo

Tyler Wright: Talk to you all soon. Have a great day.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, everyone.

Tyler Wright: All right.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:31:57 ðŸ‘‹

