
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Scott Carruthers will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 10, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://p263aeernjmdkonkrihc227wya76yjyvivs5pkojdjx63unz4lha.arweave.net/fr2wEJFqWDU5qooOLWv2wD_sJxVFZdepyRpv7dG54s4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Artur Troian
- Benjamin B
- Damir Simpovic
- George Pro
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Meeting Notes
#### Tyler Wright and Artur Intro

- Tyler talked about follow ups from the last sig-support meeting, where we talked about issue 156
- The core team is focused on the features right now. Some of these new features will solve some of the bugs. 


### Issues Triage Session
- Artur talked about issue 159. This will be done sometime this month. Artur added "P1" label to this.
- Artur talked about SDL 3.0 which is issue 170. Artur does not have an exact timeline for this feature being released, but this is something that is actively being worked on.
- Artur talked about VM support, issue 172. Core team is going to find a team to work on this with. Kubernetes is a blocker currently, so will look to connect with someone at Kubecon. This issue is "P2".
- Artur talked abut ICA. Hope to do this Q1 2024. This is a "p2".
- Artur talked about feature discovery service, issue 141. Scott has been working on this. This feature is in testing. This should be released next week.
- Artur talked about Node / Client Discovery.

### Support 

- Rodri mentioned that there was nothing new on the support front. Things are steady.
- Benjamin noticed that there is an increase in spam and malicious messages on discord. Scammers have also changed their behavior to better avoid being banned. Efforts will be taken by the core team to help filter out spammers and scammers.
- Tyler asked that if anyone had any technical questions, or needed a technical demo from the core team, please feel free to reach out, so we can set it up for a future sig-support biweekly meeting. 

### Action Items

- No pressing action items.
- Feel free to suggest demo ideas for the core team to share with the community.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the first six support biweekly of 2024. During The Specialist Group for support the core team goes over issues in the support. Specifically focusing on issues that have not been triage over the past two weeks from there after triagging issues folks have the opportunity to discuss any open issues. participate in solving those issues that they had the capabilities. Or just again talking about prioritization or any blockers related to any issues that any project or individual might be facing.

Tyler Wright: After that, I usually kick it over to Andre folks like rodri and others that are insiders to see if there's anything in Discord or otherwise on the support side that might need improved documentation or just extra set of eyes for members of the core team. And then again, we opened up to any discussions. This support meeting focuses on the code base related to the cash Network So all issues again related to the core code go in the support repo any issues related to Cloud most go in the cloud There is a website repost specifically for issues related to the website. But again, the focus of this meeting will be around a core code issues.

Tyler Wright: from there What we look to do is save some time if anybody has any questions, I know that Artur and Scott have previously given some demos on setting up an environment. So again, what I Look to do is between meetings if anybody has any questions or anything that might need some extra support from the core team and then again, we can take whatever it's time left to focus on any specific questions

Tyler Wright: The last meeting we had was on December 20th 2023 during that meeting Archer was not there. But Scott re. Let us through triassing any support issues. There was one issue that we wanted to come back to today. That's issue 156 that I believe Scott assigned to himself. But again, this is something that? Out of the last six support biweekly meeting we talked about discussing further.

Tyler Wright: So without further Ado, I will hand it over to Artur to get us going and then we will go from there.

Artur Troian: Thanks, Hi everyone. Let me quickly share the screen. So as probably a little bit of summary and recap on what's been going. So this stage the core team is focused on the few features that are really important right now. And we are not. Doing that many fixes for the existing box simply because there are those features that we are implementing right now are actually addressing some of the box. So once those things are released we're gonna revise all the Box and see if any of them are still making sense. so

Artur Troian: a few things. I'd like to point out. Yeah, let's say just if you got anything triage to this stage. Sorry, you're waiting for three hours. Nothing Let's see. We have any unliables. Yeah, so there are a few new issues that have been migrated from the community report. To the support repo those are pretty much new. So Swagger we have that so we have the Swagger documentation is just not So we will expose it through the endpoints. sometimes during this month. So let me just clear a sign is here and put labels

Artur Troian: So that is P1 API and The sdl 3.0. So they're being discussion pretty much entire year. 203 that the current is probably a little bit out data. And there are new features coming and the structure becomes a little bit crowded and sometimes hard to understand. So this entire issues is just to say what we need to do in order to improve the sdl and just develop the new version of that there is no particularly. Timeline for that. However, we will try to address it sometimes during this year.

00:05:00

Artur Troian: Okay, so that's gonna be for now P2 and that's pretty much. Requires all the rivers. the sdl parser itself is defined right now. We are put above and it's been moved to Akash API. And sometime next week it will be released. And I think the last VM support that's has been we have talked about that for last two years. And the number of reasons to have VMS on the cash. It is a little bit tricky to do for a number of reasons. First of all is the kubernetes limitations?

Artur Troian: We've been trying to do a few different ways. There was one project frankly from that name. They were trying to help us with that. However, did you revise it sometime this year? We will be present on the cube corn and see if you can spot any people that have really good knowledge of that and see if actually Cube weird is suitable for our needs but at this stage we're gonna put a P2. Because for now, we don't have any scope yet. And moving on The Interchange accounts. So this is

Artur Troian: it's been transferred. So this issue. We actually have had implemented in Regina Collins over the year ago. It didn't work. And one of the reasons why it wasn't properly scoped out. and there was no need to Interchange accounts on the Akash Network right now. However, there are some requests for example liquid staking that needs for entertainment accounts. So we will be doing that hopefully in the q1, but we will say how we go along with the current upgrades schedule because right now we have screen records schedule for the q1 and I'm not sure we can squeeze it. But we will definitely do that.

Artur Troian: So for now, I'll put it as a P2. Ripple mode All right. Let's double check if you have any light bulbs. Okay, so we good on the tree are here just to give a recap. So Scott is

Artur Troian: Scott is doing this entrance architecture view. I don't know Scott has any updates on that, but I'm pretty sure it's been going very well. Then this one the deploy operator, so it's been in progress and it's really high priority for us. Hopefully sometimes during this month. We're gonna release it. It's probably 189% done. And then there is a feature discovery that has been merged recently.

Artur Troian: yeah, so the feature Discovery service this one. That's pretty much. Beef it version of the inventory operator that scrapes entire Hardware spec of the cluster. And presents it to the provider as well as everyone who wants to see what kind of cargo provider has. That required for audio that attributes and few other things. So we scope that thing out. We implemented pretty much the API and changes to the prior Cloud basis as well as in the operator and this feature has been tested right now. So maybe next week we will be able to release it. and then the big one as well is not client Discovery, so

00:10:00

Artur Troian: What happens is we update? Photobath types related to Akash quite frequently. So let's say whenever we need State change in blockchain, let's say The update marketplace with new Fields new features. That's new version of the API. The problem is there is no way to know directly what kind of version it be not supports. So what we came up with? the mode can report API version of a cache via rpcl point and then on top of that is pretty much build decline discovery that checks what would version of the node it is and says if there is a client of course that version. That helps.

Artur Troian: a lot during the migration as well as consistency of the clients in different programming languages. So right now we have the land mainly as well as node.js and we've been having issues. Sometimes that for example, one of the clients is using one types and thus causing some issues. So this thing prevents that this has been released fully and we will be publishing the releases quite soon. thing I think that's quite it. So for now, we will not probably go through any issues unless there are any questions for that. if no questions then tell her but to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you next up on the agenda. again, usually connect with some folks and I think we have three Insiders on the car right now. So a feel free to erase your hand or even four insiders, but would love to know if there's anything in Discord that you'll have seen over the last few weeks that may be worth noting. I know that raggio always says a good job of giving an update, but I just want to see if Roger anybody else had any thoughts concerns about anything happening in Discord or otherwise

Tyler Wright: I'm gonna take that silence as yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: Of nothing new. Yes normal support.

Tyler Wright: excellent Thank you Roger.

Tyler Wright: I know that again the entires of the vanguards are doing a great job of trying to Monitor and track. Those that are spammers or those that are trying to do. Malicious things on the server so much appreciate that again. I know that we've been talking with Adam about increasing some controls for some folks that might be available and just on shift and times when other folks aren't go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I felt the scammers on such we're not related to this call. I want to say that I've seen an increase in scammers to post a few days just yesterday. I saw someone in personally impersonating under and after that.

Benjamin B: so that someone said that scammers or now trying to remove their own messages a few minutes after just so that they can go undetected for longer without having to set up new accounts. And for the case I mentioned just yesterday is I saw free scale messages on one message in three or four minutes It's not ideal.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I This continues to be very top of mind. Hopefully by the next Insider meeting where you're from prior. We'll have some improved Solutions. I'm gonna go through the Discord today. I know we've been doing it on a number of different channels. I'm trying to remove the ability for users to create threads and all that kind of stuff. But again, that's something that I will double check today, and then I talk to Adam about increasing. The ability for some folks here, especially to ban if they don't already have that role. Go ahead Benjamin.

00:15:00

Benjamin B: I think just burning is not enough because They will always create a new accounts. however I think it was CJ that offered to. Help configure some Automotive configurations so that these cameras would get banned instantly when trying to write your Spar messages if you can find them pattern in their messages You can easily automatically abandon. I also think that something like this could be created for impersonators. So someone creates a new account with a name of every similar to an inside there probably just admins. So if you

Benjamin B: copy and admin's name want to one maybe that should be an instant. I'm not sure or at least in mute so you don't get access to all channels.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, again Benjamin, we'll take this offline. I'll follow up with you. I saw these days message. I know that out of a recent entire meeting. That's something that you and CJ and others were talking about I since done some researchers on tool and think it's something that we can implement but we just have to be very careful because as you know, one of the main messages we get is around support tickets, and people trying to get people to join other servers to create support ticket, but we have to be very specific around that language because obviously we have issues and support repo and we don't want to start Banning people for legitimate things. But anyway, we'll take that offline, but it's certainly a concern that's very much top of mind and appreciate you calling it out here. cool

Tyler Wright: practice meeting there was no demos planned again. If anybody has any ideas for anything, they want members of the core team to go over on a technical level. I know that insiders have talked about this previously and Insider meetings. I would like to instead of having multiple types of Insider meetings. Take this time during the six support biweekly where we have Archer Scott and others committed anyway where we can again demo any of these things that might be more technical or have anybody asked any more technical questions, but we have none prior. To today, so I don't if anybody has any for next biweekly meeting, please feel free to reach out to me on Discord and we'll go from there. Does anyone else have any other questions comments? concerns about any open issues or any other issues anybody wants to get in helping to solve at this time.

Tyler Wright: If not then again we can wrap up this meeting. I'll make the notes transcript and recording available soon again, feel free to reach out to me. If you have any specific technical items that you would like to get more clarity on or get a demo from the core team on much appreciate Archer triaging and leading us to the triage of the issues. And again always appreciate the Insiders vanguards for all the work. They do in Discord and another channels for two really support all the users, especially as we continue to gain momentum and we have a number of new users joining all the time.

Tyler Wright: Again much appreciated I hope everybody has a great rest of their day a quick reminder. The steering committee is happening tomorrow. Again, it's just a kick off to the new year and then just because he's here at Big shout out to Benjamin on the passing of his proposal. So again, He'll be taking some time out of the Sig providers to give updates and then I think we'll also be setting up a specific working group session around the open source auditing tool just for us all to connect and just stay up to date on all the work that Benjamin and his team are doing there. So we just want to shout out Benjamin for all of this efforts there again a pre-draft proposal.

Tyler Wright: Doing market research drafting a proposal getting validators and members of the community involved to give insights giving a demo and a steering committee and then again putting its proposal on chain and it passing so really shout out to all the work that Benjamin and his team have done and really looking forward to what comes next.

Tyler Wright: I'd much appreciate you all. Happy New Year. Everybody. We'll talk online and I'll follow up with some of you about the Spam stuff offline but much appreciate the core team and everybody here for all your hard work. Really looking forward to an exciting 24. Have a great day y'all.

00:20:00

Benjamin B: Thank you, everyone.

Artur Troian: Thanks, everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:20:55 ðŸ‘‹

