
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Scott Carruthers will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 24, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://47vntytp4ni2s5p2h2qyh5nuqywowtwne2fx4ddudv7iyl3hu5rq.arweave.net/5-rZ4m_jUal1-j6hg_W0hizrTs0mi34MdB1-jC9np2M)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrey Arapov
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Damir Simpovic
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

# Meeting Notes
#### Tyler Wright and Artur Intro

- Tyler talked about follow ups from the last sig-support meeting, where we talked about issue 156
- The core team is focused on the features right now. Some of these new features will solve some of the bugs. 

### Support 

- Rodri mentioned that there was nothing new on the support front. Things are steady. There are a lot more people that want to be providers. 
- Rodri mentioned that there are still scammers in the chat, but less than normal.
- Tyler asked that if anyone had any technical questions, or needed a technical demo from the core team, please feel free to reach out, so we can set it up for a future sig-support biweekly meeting.

### Issues Triage Session
- Artur talked about SHM Support issue 197 https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/179. This issues touches multiple repos, and may be a challenge to solve. This was marked P1.
- Artur mentioned that provider audits are getting messy in Support Repo. They will be moved to the community repo.




### Action Items

- Artur to add templates for support repo.
- Tyler to move Provider Audits to "Community" Repo.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Happy Wednesday. Everybody. Welcome to six supports biweekly meetings. I'm during the six support biweekly. The group goes over any issues that need to be triage inside The support repo is where all issues related to the core code base of their past blockchain go. So if anybody has any issues on again deployer side provider side or get anything related to the core code base those issues go in the support repo inside the Akash organization. for any issues that are related to Cloud most the open source deploy tool

Tyler Wright: Please put those issues in the cloud most repo inside the Akash organization. I know that the max is doing a great job of tracking those issues closing those issues and again prioritizing those issues amongst their workflow. So if anybody has any issues specific to Cloud most either drop those in the ecosystem Cloud most channel on Discord or create an issue inside the cloud most repo.

Tyler Wright: We could talk about anything Cloud most related. And usually the one the max is at least joints is call but again during the six support time we can discuss anything Cloud most related, but the priority for this meeting is against support repo and any issues that are awaiting triage or any issues that are open to anybody from the community wants to discuss further or help with Solutions.

Tyler Wright: Usually a member of the core team which is either Scott or Artur leads us through the triaging of issues. I know that's Artur is going to be a little bit late to this meeting and again whether or not here Scott does the actual leading of a Wayne entry as I do want to wait for him just in case he has any comments or anything that's specifically he wants to talk about Also during these six supports biweekly meetings. It's an opportunity for anybody from the community that wants to ask any specific questions or potentially get a demo on anything specific related to the core code base again, The core team is available to give demos. I know in the past Archer and Scott have given demos and shared.

Tyler Wright: Specific documentation around setting up an environment. I think Scott is also talked about to-end testing and how and individuals in the community can do their own attention when they're building. So again, if anybody has any demo ideas or any questions on anything technical that they would like to ask feel free to drop in the six support Channel or drop it in the chat here and we can add it to a future agenda.

Tyler Wright: again, we haven't started a triage yet because I know that Archer was running a little bit late just so Artur can get himself situated. We'll go and reverse order today because I see a number of folks from the inside of community as well as Andy who's also here in Discord giving folks support. Going in reverse order this one to see does anyone here on the call see anything on the support side that they wanted to highlight or talk about further.

Tyler Wright: Cool Roger. I know you do a good job of describing some things that you see. Is there anything particular that you've seen on Discord in terms of new users or existing users having issues on the deploy side or the provider side that you think is worth sharing.

Rodrigo Rochin: not much same during last six support still seeing some of those can kit support users

Rodrigo Rochin: but I think a lot less than a few weeks ago

Rodrigo Rochin: I do see new users from the silic campaign.

Rodrigo Rochin: other than that normal questions mostly about provide people wanting to become providers and more than before and I'm deployment side and that Normal question, but yeah.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: That's a great quick segue. I know that we talked about this a little bit on Sig documentation. We'll talk about a little bit more on Sig providers, but I know that it also es support. Scott Brothers mentioned what I think is a great idea. He and Andre have noticed lately that in the provider panel and Discord. There's a lot more discussion about builds. Hardware what people should get if they want to become a provider on a cost and Scott and Andre rightfully noticed that this might be a little bit distracting for folks that might have provider issues and might need support from simpa and Andre another members of the community. They're trying to provide support to those that have active providers.

Tyler Wright: the suggestion that was made by Scott and Andre was basically to Create an announcement in the providers Channel and create a new channel that might be like provider Hardware or a provider specs and we could finalize the name but basically that channel will be specifically geared towards conversation about provider builds. What kind of hardware folks have and that kind of stuff and then the provider Channel and Discord can continue to be focused on a couple shooting and any other issues and any other issues.

Tyler Wright: On the supports perspective. Does anybody have any thoughts or concerns about that approach as we continue to move forward? So again, the high level would be adding a channel that would be specific for provider hardware and then pushing all conversation that's currently to the provider Hardware channel for folks that are just talking about provider builds and specs and all that kind of stuff any initial thoughts concerns reactions. I see a thumbs up from simple.

Tyler Wright: Of course. All I'll talk about a little bit more and stick providers which is directly following this meeting. And then again, we'll put that plan into action. cool before we move on to

Tyler Wright: The triaging of the issues and the support repo does anyone else have anything that they've seen in Discord or in any other channels that they want to talk about as it relates to support?

Tyler Wright: If not, then Archer, I'll hand it over to you and we can start triaging any issues that have come in since the last six support meeting.

Artur Troian: Exton and let me share. green

Tyler Wright: I don't know if it's just me, but your mic might be a little low.

Artur Troian: Hold on a second. Let me okay.

Tyler Wright: How much better I can hear it clear as day. that's our.

Artur Troian: Somebody was pretending to be me. All right.

Artur Troian: All right, let's get it sorted out.

Artur Troian: Okay.

Artur Troian: Yeah this one.

Artur Troian: art So this is to allow Fred memory for deployments this is sort of the feature it touches all of the repositories. but that's gonna take a

Artur Troian: While for us to get to this one, And then let's see if you have any wedding triage. yeah, so I saw this request on Discord, I don't know at this stage. So first of all, we don't have any rust support at all. mmm

Artur Troian: so in someone that I'm not sure about how stable this product again how is there? Support for rust in the cosmos SDK that we use in right now. So those questions I'm gonna put it as the P2 that's repercash API. I'll try to comment on that. Sometime maybe next week or so if the author of this issues here. And just give me anything all right in treehouse and triage. Let's see if you got onion labeled.

00:10:00

Artur Troian: So I think you're clear now and that subject any questions.

Artur Troian: Either I'm just actually real quick. I'm thinking it's getting a little bit messy. So those audit requests.

Artur Troian: You know what? Maybe we should ask this audience to be done in the community.

Artur Troian: Because initially we wanted this support repo to be specifically for the core.

Artur Troian: And it now becomes a little bit crowded. So let's maybe discuss them. Think about that what we can do to clean this up. But that's the question for me.

Tyler Wright: I have hope I have no problem with that Andre. Do you have any issues on your end if we just move the provider audits into the community repost so that they call an issues there?

Tyler Wright: Okay, I'll add as an action item that I'll update it.

Artur Troian: You can then and didn't move all the attributes our audiencing things to the community.

Tyler Wright: Will do.

Artur Troian: So on my least that's one more action items is to have the templates. Done for the support triple when people create the issues. they see that they're only pretty repositories that this issues can be great.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Tyler Wright: Sounds good to me. Does anyone have any questions about any issues in the support repo that they want to discuss further with the core team or any other members of the community?

Tyler Wright: cool All again, we have some action items coming out of this meeting. Thank you to everybody that joined and talked about what's going on the support channels. Thank you Archer for leading us through any issues waiting triage over the last couple of weeks. Obviously the vanguards Insiders all doing great job of providing as close to 24 by 7 support as possible and then folks like Scott Andre and others are always lurking and around and supporting and stepping in when they need to so much appreciate the efforts of the folks here on this call and the folks in the community for all that they do. If anybody has any questions comments concerns about anything.

Tyler Wright: Operational any issues in the support repo that they see are sticking points. I know a Neil again highlight the issues an Archer talk about at the top of the call around a city shm support. But if anybody sees anything else, please feel free to talk about in six support or mention it during these biweekly meetings. And again, if anybody wants to participate in getting involved, please start to join these meetings so you can ask questions the core team and engage on a regular basis with a members of the core team to help solve some of these issues.

Tyler Wright: Hope everyone has a great rest of their day again, six support. Excuse me. Sig providers will be following this meeting in about 43 meetings 43 minutes, and then steering committee is happening tomorrow afternoon. So just some things to look forward to but thank you all for your participation. And I'm sure I'll see you all online or in the future Specialist Group.

Tyler Wright: Of course. Have a great day y'all.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you. Bye.

Scott Carruthers: 

Rodrigo Rochin: Thank you.

Benjamin B: Thank you. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:14:40 ðŸ‘‹

