
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Scott Carruthers will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 6th, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://xut7rmdqwninrlvm75t7cxmmpgrt4tyboramnw3b2rcpaa6gy76a.arweave.net/vSf4sHCzUNiurP9n8V2MeaM-TwF0QMbbYdRE8APGx_w)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov
- Deval Patel
- Scott Carruthers

# Meeting Notes

- Scott led the group in triaging issues in the support repo.
- Scott talked about [issue 186](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/186). Artur made this issue. This is marked "p2".
- Scott talked about the Mainnet Upgrade [issue 189](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/189). This is marked "p1".
- Scott talked about in detail about the gas issues that will be solved by this Mainnet upgrade.
- Scott talked about the parameter changes that are on chain now where the deposit amounts will decrease from 5 AKT to 0.5AKT.


### Support 

- Scott has noticed that the majority of activity that he has seen is around provider upgrades, and use of feature discovery service.
- Documentation is updated as users interact with it.
- Andy and Deval have seen typical behaviour in Discord as well.
- Documentation site on the new akash.network website needs some migration. Some clean up is ongoing.


### Action Items

- Mainnet Upgrade is planned for March 13th, 2024 if it passes.
- Core team and wg-akash-website group are working on docs site to make sure migration is finished.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Scott Carruthers: Hello I'm just waiting to insure the recording and transcription has started but it looks like it has so hello everyone and Welcome to our six Port meeting for early March 2024. I think this is going to be a rather quick session. We're just going to go through the normal Cadence of going through the assignment of issues that are currently awaiting triage. I looked at those issues before our call started and I think there's just a couple and they're going to be rather straightforward assignments. So we will go through the Issues assignments in triage and then we'll open the floor to any questions from the community. So let me stop sharing the current slide and I will reshare with a issues brought up

Scott Carruthers: Okay, is everyone able to see my screen? Okay. Okay,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: so as I said, I believe that there's only a couple of issues that are currently awaiting triage. So I'll go from the latest. Their earliest created and go to the top. So we have two currently awaiting triage. And the first one is home charts and tidying up environment definitions. So something that arter created a couple days ago, I think at the end of last week. I'm just suggesting that the environment variables should be defined in the config map instead of the deployment or staple set. so I'm just going to remove a waiting triage from this and I will put this as I think a P2 is probably.

Scott Carruthers: Sufficient classification for this and then I'm going to assign this to larger. He might want myself or Andy to contribute to this as well, but I'll initially assign Archer and we can go from there.

Scott Carruthers: And then the only other issues that was irrading waiting triage is the Akash maintenance 10. the network upgrade that was announced yesterday. Also actually already has assignments, but for some reason it was left in a waiting triage, so no need for assignments, but I'll take away awaiting triage and I'll classify this as a P1 as it's mostly just planning exercises.

Scott Carruthers: So again, the triage is pretty simple this week. Those were the only ones that I saw awaiting triage and we now have assignment on all open issues. Are there any issues on this list either the ones that I just went through? Assignment or otherwise that we want to discuss during this meeting.

Scott Carruthers: If no one else has any thoughts or questions, I guess just for the recording and the transcript just to highlight something. So yesterday we announced the intention and watch the government's proposal to. Do the latest Network upgrade which is going to be Akash main Net10 upgrade. There's several things that are included in that upgrade and I would say they to most significant that at least come to mind readily fixing gas issues for provider updates. So this is something that's been discussed rather frequently in recent Sig providers. And I think also in this meeting six support prior and we had attributed. the

Scott Carruthers: fees for provider attribute excuse me a provider Ashby updates being that there are larger Json files within the body of the message. So there's some expectation that those gas fees would be higher just based on the processing of the Json body, which is martial larger than for a great deployment or a delegate transaction. But as the core team was looking at this further, we actually realize that this is also attributed ill to occurrence mechanisms within the code base that when they update a provider attributes happens we go through Ascend a check to ensure that none of the attributes that are being updated are currently associated with a live deployment. So in other words if I have a deployment

00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: live and it used the US west region attribute, then it was built into the course software that provider shouldn't be able to update an attribute that's already in use in a current lease. So one of the manifestations of this and ramifications of this is there was a process you have to go through and iterate through all leases associated with a provider and that ended up becoming a very expensive operation. So we're going to take out that requirement to go through all active leases and to ensure that the updates are not affecting any live leases. So that's going to dramatically affect the computational load from a r attribute update. So that's one of the things that's going to be introduced and mainnet 10. So this should dramatically lower the cost of

Scott Carruthers: Provider updates and attributable attribute updates and then the second thing that I mean at 10 is going to

Scott Carruthers: unlock is the lowering of deposits both from a provider perspective so bid Deposits and also deployment deposits. So we're going to based on the currents cost and price of akt it definitely makes sense to drop those down somewhat dramatically from the current five akt standard and you can look in the proposal to see exactly what those are being lowered to but I believe one akt and I think maybe one of them is also being lowered to 0.5 akt dramatic lowering. Of the bid deposit and they deployment deposit and we've received feedback from the community that this is somewhat of a blocker when you're creating.

Scott Carruthers: Dozens or hundreds of deployments on this a lot of akt that was put into mascara and deposites part previously. So we've taken that feedback and we'll know introduce that Network change and I think there's going to be far less friction going forward.

Scott Carruthers: So quick recap and run down of some of the things that are upcoming and the main attend upgrade any questions or concerns in those regards.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, I'm gonna stop sharing that and I'll go back to just sharing this.

Scott Carruthers: if I can find a share I'll just go back to sharing the slide

Scott Carruthers: just as a placeholder. So really that concludes then our main parts of our agenda, of course in six support. We always want to go through the triage of open issues. And then also we like to open it up to the floor for a lot of times. We have some Insiders. In attendance, so today is just myself and Andy and Deval from the Prater team. So we don't really have a representatives from the Insiders group. A lot of times insiders will bring up things that they're seeing within the community and within Discord and other support channels. So without Insider participation in that today, I would say that. For my own perspective a majority of the activity or the last couple weeks since our last six support probably. mostly involved upgrade some so we've recently introduced feature Discovery and

Scott Carruthers: Into the provider code base. So We've had a lot of activity recently and just helping providers as they go through the upgrade to current provider version 054. I know that the Prater team is also enabled that upgrade as well. So I think both of our teams are just assisting we haven't had any Showstoppers or major issues, but of course anytime we're going through that kind of upgrade activity. There can be one-off anomalies or just some clarification on the documentation or the upgrade procedure. So I would say that that's a majority of what I've seen within the community in the last couple weeks and since our last meeting Andy or Deval do you have anything that you would want to highlight on prominent support issues that have come up in the last couple weeks?

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, Yeah and definitely appreciate the Prater team assisting in Providers the build via the Prater app to the current 054 version so that we can have feature discovery. Enabled on a vast majority of may not providers.

Scott Carruthers: So there aren't any other issues or support focuses that we want to highlight over the last couple weeks one final thing that I wanted to mention In Deval, this may be of interest to yourself and possibly some others listening to this transcript. We're going through a migration of so the network website migrated several weeks ago. And is been the plan to migrate the documentation site to the same platform. So the new network site is running on a Astro platform and we created a new version of the documentation site on Astro as well. And this is the documentation site that you'll

00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: Visit if you go to network and hit on the docs link, it goes to that new site, but we've primarily been updating documentation and the community is continue to use the old documentation site as of this morning. We've actually transitioned to the new documentation site. We're going through some cleanup and ensuring that all the documentation that have been updated or added on the old documentation site is now added on the new documentation site and there are a couple of holes there that were trying to remedy is as soon as we possibly can but just to ensure that everyone is aware. I just want to ensure that there's no confusion as someone visits data cost.network it actually now redirects to Not as some is no longer a subdomain of docs out of network, but it's now a path. So the new Dockside is available at a cost.network.

Scott Carruthers: Backslash docs so on the docs path instead of a subdomain and as of this morning anybody that visits docstatacos.network the old URL is now redirected to the new documentation site. So a lot there and I don't want that to be confusing but just the main takeaway is as of this morning. We're now live on the new documentation site and if anyone sees a redirect when they're trying to visit the old URL or they're just a little bit surprised when they visit the documentation site that the look in the field is now different. That's the reason we introduce the new documentation site as of this morning. So Tower and the rest of the team wanted me to mention that on this call just to make sure everyone is aware.

Deval Patel: You got it.

Scott Carruthers: So that's And that's really all I had so Andy and Deval OS you have any matters that you want to? Bring Outside of that. I think we can wrap up.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, I think we can wrap up. Thank you very much, Scott. Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Deval Patel: Yes. Thank you rest. Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks a lot guys. I'm gonna stop the recording and I'll stop the meeting. So yeah, I appreciate it guys and I'll see you next time. Okay, you too, okay.

Andrey Arapov: to have a good

Meeting ended after 00:13:15 ðŸ‘‹


