
# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Scott Carruthers will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 20th, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrey Arapov

- Scott Carruthers

# Meeting Notes

- Scott led the group in triaging issues in the support repo.
- Scott and Andy talked about [issue 193](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/193). There is a delay of 5-6 minutes for some items.
- Scott talked about [issue 192](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/192). Andrey thinks that issue 192 and 193 are related.
- Scott and Andrey made that a p1 issue.
- Scott and Andrey talked about issue 190.



### Support 

- Zeke and Tyler talked about Automod to help with Spam. This bot has been working well. Akash Insiders and sig-support will continue to monitor this closely. 


### Action Items

- Artur to look at [issue #195](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/195) related to memory for archival node.
- Max to look at issue created by Yaro [issue 194](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/194), and see what repo it should be in.
- Scott

# **Transcript**
