# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda

- Participants will look at issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues). 
- Scott Carruthers will lead triaging issues, and discussion of implementation for issue fixes. 
- Scott will discuss Support from the community and ask for any community feedback.
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 20th, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrew Hare
- Andrey Arapov
- Deathless
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright
- Zeke E

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and Updates
#### Tyler wright
- Core team and community members discuss issues in [Akash Support Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues)
- Invitation to community to bring forward any issues
- Lighter attendance expected due to conferences
- Mainnet 10 upgrade discussed (March 13th)
- Parameter change for deposit amounts (from 5 AKT to 0.5 AKT)
- Change went into effect on March 11th or 12th and documentation updated accordingly
### Triage of Open Issues
- Scott facilitated the triage process
- Reviewed open issues in Akash Network support repo
- Identified unassigned issue regarding memory issues on archival nodes
- Andrey provided insight on memory usage and suggested further review
- Scott tagged Arthur for further investigation and decision on the issue
- Andrey Arapov suggested converting the issue into a discussion
- Scott agreed to convert the issue and assigned Andrey for follow-up
- Andrey requested to leave the issue open for reference while creating a discussion

#### Issue opened by Community member(Issue 195)
- Issue opened by Community member, discussed by Scott and Maxime.
- Scott reviews the issue, notes absence of reliable Per test and local developments.
- Mention of unreliable sandbox and need for local development environments.
- Maxime explains difficulty for new developers to run Cloud locally.
- Discussion on the dated nature of the issue and potential new solutions.
- Maxime assigned to review issues in Cloudmos repository.
- Scott offers support to Maxime throughout the process.

#### Review of open issues in provider resource release process ( Issue 193).
- Discussion on issue of provider should release resources immediately after never accepted deployment was closed.
- Scott and Andrey share experiences and observations regarding delays in resource release.
- Mention of variability in delay times, ranging from 3 to 45 minutes.
- Andrey provides examples of extended delays, up to 6 minutes, and references a possible 25-minute delay.
- Speculation on the cause, including potential issues with the inventory operator.
- Connection made to related ticket 192 regarding issues with the inventory operator's data polling.
- Andrey suggests further investigation into the connection between the two issues.

####  Issue reported by Deathless regarding abnormally large GPU and RAM allocatable statistics.
- Discussion on an urgent issue reported by Deathless, involving abnormally large GPU and RAM allocatable statistics.
- Andrey suggests that the issue may be related to the upgrade of the inventory operator from 0.4 to 0.5, with potential impacts on resource visibility.
- Andrey describes the need for manual restarts of the inventory operator to address the issue.
- Scott reclassifies the issue as a P0, indicating urgent attention required, and notes that it's already assigned to Archer.
- Discussion on the impact of high memory allocatable stats, affecting bidding and deployment processes.
- When memory allocatable stats are high, bids are not received if the request uses a wildcard for the GPU model, but bids are received if a specific model is specified.
- Uncertainty whether the issue should be classified as a P0 or P1, but its impact necessitates urgent attention.
- Andrey notes similar issues with the Hurricane and European providers, persisting even after inventory operator restarts.
- Scott highlights the severity of the issue, considering it one of the most severe ongoing issues in the network.
- Agreement to prioritize urgent attention to the issue.

#### Unresponsive status endpoint issue reported by a provider.
- Andrey discusses the issue of a provider's unresponsive status endpoint, noting other ongoing issues with the Hurricane provider.
- Scott acknowledges Andrey's comments and suggests waiting for further testing before reclassifying the issue.
- Zeke mentions a Discord conversation where a user reported unreachable port 8443, prompting clarification on the issue.
- Andrey suggests updating the engine X Ingress operator config to allow port 8443, which was enabled with the provider upgrade to version 0.5.
- Scott clarifies the issue and concludes the review of unassigned issues, opening the floor for further discussions.

### Update on Shared Memory (SHM) enablement over SDL.
- Zeke inquires about the timeline for Shared Memory (SHM) enablement over SDL.
- Scott informs Zeke that the code for SHM enablement is complete, with Adam as the primary engineer, and they are awaiting the release.
- Documentation updates have been staged to include SDL examples and necessary attributes for providers to support SHM.
- Scott mentions that the release timing is uncertain, but once released, all documentation will be updated accordingly.
- Zeke expresses satisfaction with the progress, noting the ability to deploy SHM on Akash without manual intervention.
- Scott confirms Zeke's observation and concludes the meeting, passing control back to Tyler.

### Efforts to combat spam in the Discord server.
- Tyler starts the agenda by mentioning the recent efforts to reduce spam in the Discord server.
- He notes that keywords have been added to a block list, resulting in a decrease in spam.
- Tyler encourages community members to reach out if they encounter any spam-related issues.
- Zeke, a newly appointed Vanguard, acknowledges the effectiveness of the auto-moderator in catching spam.
- Apart from spam, Zeke doesn't identify any significant thematic issues in Discord recently.
- Tyler appreciates Deathless and others for their contributions in addressing issues and providing feedback in the provider and deployment channels.
- He encourages community members to report any issues or suggest improvements for the user experience in the support channel or special interest groups.

### Other Matters Discussed 
- Introduction of Andrew, a new senior software engineer at Overclock Labs.
- Andrew will continue to join future calls and is currently working behind the scenes on various tasks.
- Tyler praises Andrew's work ethic and integration into the team.
- Reminder to mark calendars for upcoming SIG clients and SIG providers meetings.
- Tyler anticipates discussions on provider auditing and feature discovery in the upcoming meetings.
- Appreciation expressed to all participants for their time and energy.

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler asks if there are any remaining support or core code-related topics to discuss.
- He suggests closing the Sig chain issue related to mainnet 10, which has passed the vote and the upgrade successfully occurred.
- Tyler plans to follow up on several high-priority issues, including 195, 194, 193, 192, and 190, at the next SIG support meeting or sooner.
- Scott informs the group about the migration to the new documentation site over the weekend and asks everyone to report any missing documentation or formatting issues.
- Tyler emphasizes the importance of reporting any anomalies or formatting issues in SIG docs for prompt resolution.
- Tyler acknowledges Scott and Andrey's efforts in ensuring the documentation is clean and ready for community use, thanking them for their oversight and collaboration with Piyush and his team.

## Action Item
- Tyler to close the Sig chain issue related to mainnet 10 after obtaining consensus from the group.
- Max to follow up on issues 195 and 194 and determine the necessary actions.
- Group members to report any missing documentation or formatting issues in SIG docs for prompt resolution.
- Scott and Andrey to continue overseeing and ensuring the cleanliness and usability of the documentation site.
- Scott to reach out to Arthur for an ETA on the release of SHM enablement.
- Scott to coordinate with Archer to escalate the urgent issue by Deathless for immediate attention.
- Scott Carruthers to tag Arthur for further investigation and decision on the memory issue.
- Andrey to conduct further tests to replicate and investigate delays in resource release.
- Scott and Andrey to monitor related ticket 192 regarding issues with the inventory operator's data polling and assess its connection to the current issue.
## Transcript
