# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #32

## Agenda
- Triaging of Support Issues
- Discussion on Support Themes
- Updates on Network Upgrade and Roadmap Progress
- Participants can have an open discussion of any other issues or support related items on Akash Network.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, May 1st, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://fp4bufbowjh5thinihsyy52ddcyesjk2yofv4fgjmrhnkahxg5ua.arweave.net/K_gaFC6yT9mdDUHljHdDGLBJJVrDi14UyWRO1QD3N2g)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Andrew Hare
- Andrey Arapov
- Scott Carruthers
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright

## Meeting Notes
### Introduction and Updates
#### Tyler wright
- Tyler Wright's Introduction:
  - Welcomes participants to the Sig Support Biweekly meeting, marking it as the 32nd one.
  - Highlights the focus on issues within the support repository and the core code base.
  - Acknowledges the support community's role in assisting new and existing users with the Akash Network.

- Triaging Process:
  - Tyler Wright steps in to lead the triaging process due to ongoing main net and provider upgrades.
  - Indicates that all current issues have been triaged, either through internal discussions or previous meetings.

- Updates and Roadmap:
  - Mentions new items added to the board by Overclock Labs core team, outlining a roadmap for the next seven months.
  - Emphasizes tracking milestones for engineering projects and potential sub-projects.
  - Discusses the progression of items from backlog to live on the Akash roadmap.

- Network Upgrade:
  - Alerts participants about a planned network upgrade scheduled for the next day at 1600 UTC.
  - Specifies that it involves validator and provider upgrades, with validators upgrading first, followed by providers after network stability testing.
 
### Emergency Provider Upgrade
#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler Wright addresses a pressing issue regarding the need for providers to upgrade to version 0.5.14 due to a vulnerability that was found and patched.
- Urges community members to upgrade their providers to version 0.5.14 as soon as possible.
- Mentions forthcoming instructions for providers upgrading their nodes and providers, advising participants to watch for announcements.
- Notes that the validator upgrade proposal has passed on chain, with preparations ongoing for the upgrade scheduled for the next day.

### Open Ticket Discussion
#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler Wright invites questions or comments regarding any open tickets or offers for participants to get involved in resolving them.
- Encourages participants to add comments to open tickets, suggesting potential solutions or questions, and prioritize tickets by labeling them accordingly (e.g., P1, P2).
### Cloudmos Issues and Updates
#### Tyler Wright:
- Highlights Cloudmos team's diligence in addressing issues in Cloudmos repositories and keeping the community informed via Discord.
- Mentions a console refactor and rebranding on Cloudmos's roadmap, assuring users that it should not impact current usage as features will remain available in the console version, an open-source deployment solution for Akash.
### General Support Discussion:
#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler Wright transitions to the second part of the agenda, focusing on general support in Discord.
- Acknowledges the lighter attendance due to preparations for the main net upgrade.
- Invites participants to share any recent Discord discussions or issues worth discussing.
- Highlights the role of Insiders in tracking spam and scammers in Discord and mentions ongoing monitoring by the Auto mod bot.
- Encourages participants to notify him if anyone seeking validator role access is not granted and assures verification.
- Notes the plan for communication during the upgrade, with validators updating in the validator channel and providers awaiting specific announcements.
- Announces a steering committee meeting post-mainnet upgrade, welcoming community participation and input on discussion topics.
### Other matters discussed
#### Feedback on Discord Events
- Tyler Wright addresses an issue raised regarding Discord events tooling.
- Considers the possibility of removing it due to random bugs and inconsistencies.
- Requests feedback from the community on whether Discord events serve as a useful indicator or are a distraction.
- Acknowledges the ongoing effort to update events in Discord and expresses determination to improve usability.
### Closing Remarks
#### Tyler Wright:
- Assures availability of meeting notes shortly after the meeting.
- Urges inviting individuals with a background or interest in Akash Network to the sig support meeting to facilitate their involvement.
- Reminds participants to encourage providers to upgrade to version 0.5.14 if they haven't already.
- Tyler Wright thanks everyone for their time and emphasizes watching out for announcements related to the network upgrade.
- Encourages continued growth of the Akash Network and invites further questions or thoughts via sig support or Discord.
- Wishes everyone a great day and anticipates further discussions in Discord as preparations for the mainnet upgrade continue.
## Action Items:
- All providers to upgrade to version 0.5.14 to address the vulnerability.
- Validators to prepare for the scheduled upgrade tomorrow.
- Cloudmos to prepare for the console refactor and rebranding, ensuring a smooth transition without affecting current users.
- Tyler to evaluate the usefulness of Discord events and determine whether improvements or removal are warranted based on community feedback.
- Group to continue monitoring and adjusting Auto mod bot settings to support server moderation.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to Sig support biweekly. The date is May 1st. I believe this is number 32 for six support during the six support biweekly. The community goes over any issues inside of the support repo again any issues related to the core code base? Go inside the support repo. There's an escalation path that go happens in Discord to determine if items are really issues. So thank you to all the Insiders vanguards and general community members that help new and existing users get acclimated with the Akash Network.

Tyler Wright: normally a member of the core team leads us through triaging but I know again there's a lot going on with the main net upgrade with additional provider upgrades. So there's obviously members of core team here, but I will be walking us through the triaging of the issues today and then I'll just call upon anybody that again can help.

Tyler Wright: After that, we'll go on with the typical agenda and discuss just any support or any themes that might be worth talking about during the six support. Without further Ado than I will pass it to myself to get us going with the triashing of issues.

Tyler Wright: As you can see there are no issues that currently need triaging everything has been triage already whether it be through internal core discussions and stuff that Court members of the core team are working on or again if it was previously triage at a Miko meeting two weeks ago.

Tyler Wright: I do want to quickly call out again. there's a number of new items that have been added to the board in the maybe last week or so. overclock Labs core team comprised at the product and Engineering teams have come together to develop a roadmap of things that the core team is going to be focused on over the next I would say seven months again. All these items have been added to the board and they're probably will be some additional atom items that will be added over time as kind of sub-project to some of these major projects. If you can go into milestones and you can kind of track some of the major milestones for engineering and some of these groups. But again, we'll continue to track these items and discuss some more in detail and discuss progress many of these items over time. We'll get moved to the

Tyler Wright: Akash roadmap some are in backlog right now. But again as they begin to get get moved from backlog to up next and in progress and testing and then again live so just a number of items to look out for One item that I want to touch on Just for everybody here is the network upgrade the believe that the new version has been cut in is in the documentation link. I will share with folks so that they have it and I'll put it in the notes. But again, there is a planned Network upgrade happening tomorrow around 1600 UTC.

Tyler Wright: This will be a validator upgrade as well as a provider upgrade again as we do with every upgrade the validators will upgrade first. The stability of the network will be tested after that upgrade happens and then once announced providers will upgrade their infrastructure their providers.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: One thing that has been more pressing and I think some people have seen some notes.

Tyler Wright: Messages and Discord and elsewhere there is the need for providers to upgrade to version zero dot five dot 14 again. There's been announcements over overnight. There was a vulnerability that was found that was needed to be passed and has been patched and again just sharing that with members of the community so that they can upgrade their providers to again version. 5.14 as soon as possible or version 0.5 dot 14 rather.

Tyler Wright: Again, there will be some more instructions that happen tomorrow for providers upgrading both their node and the provider but please look out for those announcements. But again, first matter of business will be the validator upgrade again. The proposal has passed on chain this morning. And so now preparation is continuing release has been shared in documentation and again folks validated should just be getting ready for the upgrade plan for tomorrow. Does anybody have any questions or comments about The? Emergency provider upgrade that is going on right now.

Tyler Wright: All right continuing on again there's nothing that's currently awaiting triage. Everything has been labeled. and has been assigned. I want to see if there's anybody that has any questions about any Open tickets or if anybody wants to get involved and solving any Open tickets.

Tyler Wright: If not now then again anybody can feel free to add a comment to an open ticket, with potential Solutions questions that they have. And you can see the prioritization of different tickets by labeling here, P1 P2 Etc.

Tyler Wright: All right continuing to move along with the agenda after going through triassing of issues in the support repo. If cloudmo's team is usually here we will see if there's any Cloud most issues. But again, the cloud most team does a great job of looking at the cloud most repos seeing any issues there and then continuing to keep people up to date in Discord. One thing to note is again. There is a cloud most and you can see this on the road map as well. There's most a console refactor and Rebrand happening. So again Cloud most will be

Tyler Wright: changing branding and again the visual look will continue to evolve. There'll be some more information that happens over the next couple of weeks that's pertains to the plan for that switch over. It should not affect anybody that's currently using Cloud modes because again much of the work has been refactoring to make all the features that were previously available in cloudnos available in the console version which will be again the deployment solution open source that people can work on and deploy onto a trust with

Tyler Wright: Cool, if one has any questions about any of the issues and support repo, then we can move on to the second part of the agenda around against General support in Discord.

Tyler Wright: All right moving along. Usually we have a number of insiders and vanguards during this call, but I know a number of folks are again getting ready for the main it upgrade and doing some other items. So it's a lighter crew today. does anybody on this call want to mention anything that they've seen recently and Discord that might be worth discussing or just again just bring to the attention of this group.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: All right, I'll take that as a no again. I know that the Insiders look to track spam and scammers in Discord and try to eliminate them words get consistently added to the Auto mod bot again help support modding the Acosta server. So again that will continue to get monitored. If anybody sees anybody in Discord that's looking for a validator role because they are validator in the active set and they don't have access to that Channel. Please feel free to reach out to me or just tag me publicly in that whether it be General chat or whatever Channel we can again verify their validators status and make sure that they have access to the validator channel.

Tyler Wright: during the upgrade tomorrow folks will be in the valley or channel to just talk about let the community know when they've upgraded their validator. And again we do with every upgrade just stay in tune just in case there's anything that needs to be updated or fixed and members of the community always will stare share snapshots in that channel again for validators. Following that upgrade as I just mentioned at the top of the call then again, there will be a specific announcement that goes in the provider announcements channel that will indicate when providers should be upgrading their provider and their nodes. So please don't feel like you have to do anything until properly notified.

Tyler Wright: The last thing I will say is after the main net upgrade to tomorrow. planned though. There'll be a steering committee meeting happen again. They got pushed back one week. So if anybody has any disgusting they want to bring up or any talking points, please add to those discussions get folks from the community to participate in this discussions and leave comments. And then again, we'll discuss items and more detail at the steering committee meeting tomorrow after the meeting up great. So it's very very busy period

Tyler Wright: That's all I have. I know I've been talking a lot. Is there any questions from anybody here today about anything support comments

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, please if anybody here sees anybody in Discord in the provider channels or some of the other channels and you that they're provider. Please make sure that they have upgraded to zero. Dot 5.14

Tyler Wright: Yeah, what I would say is and I'm not at a crossroads right now part of me wants to and this is a direct response to sgcd dcnorse. there seems to be major issues with the Discord events. Just tooling. It just has bugs at random times. I would say I would ask that anybody in the community and I'm determining whether or not I should just remove it all together. But again it is a good indicator for some folks. But the best source of Truth for meetings on the calendar is always the website. I'll drop the link in here again.

Tyler Wright: I tried to update the calendar in real time and it just does what it wants. I'll change I'll change the dates. I'll add meetings and it just will disappear and there's no Rhyme or Reason. there's been multiple people that have the same issues. So I'm going to determine if the events and Discord are distraction or if it's at least like a call to action that people can then reference against the calendar, but we can talk about that. It's steering committee or Beyond but please I'd like that. yeah, I appreciate that feedback in the chat, but we will update again the steering communities happening tomorrow and we'll continue to update the events and discourse so that it's more usable or usable at all.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else then if anybody has any again specific questions about any issues drop them in the support repo, I'll make the notes available shortly after this meeting among. No. I'm a little bit behind on some of the meeting notes, but I will have those before steering committee tomorrow so we can just track again a couple of the last meetings and just continue to look forward if anybody sees anybody in Discord that has go background and wants to get more involved. I urge you to invite them to this six support meeting so that again they can meet some of the core team and look to get involved a little bit more Hands-On with the product or at least again get them acclimated. There's a number of documents that have been developed by members of core team and the community that helped to help folks to understand the cash Network. So again anybody that you see that's looking to get more involved, please push.

Tyler Wright: Direction at six support client Sig providers Etc. And if you see anybody that's a provider that has not again upgraded to 0.5.14,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Think of Tyler. Thank you. Later.

Tyler Wright: reach out to them send them The Discord announcement that Andy has put in Andres put in provide our announcements this morning andâ€¦

Andrew Hare: I guess.

Tyler Wright: have them continue to make sure that they're upgrading to again zero dot 5.14, please.

Tyler Wright: All right, if there's nothing else then I know everyone's busy and we can just get back to work. But again, please look out for announcements related to the network upgrade tomorrow and then again providers upgrading when announced and we'll just continue to work on growing the across Network. Most appreciates everyone's time today. And again, please feel free to reach on six support in a specific issue or just in Discord somewhere if you have any more questions thoughts Hope everyone have a great rest of the day and we'll talk more. I'm sure and Discord and as we get ready for the main net upgrade tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: Talk to y'all later. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:16:35 ðŸ‘‹

