# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #34

## Agenda
- Triaging issues in the support and console repositories.
- Discussing support feedback from Vanguard insiders and community members.
- Restructure of the meeting format.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, June 26th, 2024
- Time: 07:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://edy24xoc5isqb4ilutntgush3jmsnlcnfjaajdnsr2f5d34caktq.arweave.net/IPGuXcLqJQDxC6TbM1JH2lkmrE0qQASNso6L0e-CAqc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Damir Simpovic
- Rodri R

## Meeting Notes

- **Introduction:**
  - Tyler Wright welcomed everyone to the biweekly support meeting.
  - Overview of the agenda items:
    - Triage issues in the support repo and console repo.
    - Gather feedback from Vanguard insiders and community members to improve support documentation and identify recurring themes.
    - Discussion on the restructure of the meeting.

- **Issue Triage:**
  - Scott Carruthers took over to triage issues.
  - Only one issue was awaiting triage:
    - **Issue:** Kubernetes concern for providers spawning too many processes within a container, affecting the host and potentially crashing it.
    - **Discussion:**
      - Scott asked if Andrey Arapov had seen the issue before.
      - Andrey confirmed it was the first time he saw the issue.
      - Scott provided a brief overview and suggested some testing to understand the problem better.
      - Andrey agreed to review and test the issue further.
      - The issue was assigned to Andrey for initial review and labeled as P2.

- **Feedback from Discord and Other Channels:**
  - Tyler Wright opened the discussion on feedback from active Discord members.
  - **Damir Simpovic:**
    - Mentioned an increase in new, unknown accounts asking directly for partnerships without proper introduction.
    - Suggested a filtering mechanism to avoid tagging core team members without proper context.
  - **Tyler Wright:**
    - Agreed with Damir and suggested training insiders and community members to ask follow-up questions to filter legitimate requests.
    - Highlighted the importance of understanding what the person is looking to do with the Akash Network before tagging core team members.
  - **Rodri R:**
    - Agreed with the need for a filtering mechanism.
    - Mentioned issues with bots starting conversations and sharing scam links.
  - **Scott Carruthers:**
    - Suggested creating a dedicated channel for new partnerships and integrations.
    - Emphasized the need for a structured approach to handle partnership requests.
  - **Tyler Wright:**
    - Proposed training insiders to ask specific questions to filter out non-serious requests.
    - Suggested using a standardized set of questions to streamline the process.

- **Discussion on Uptick in Activity:**
  - Tyler Wright asked if there was an uptick or downtick in provider activities and deployments within the ecosystem.
  - Requested continued monitoring of this trend to see if documentation improvements are reducing the number of questions or changing the types of questions being asked.

- **Meeting Restructure Proposal:**
  - Tyler Wright discussed a preliminary idea to combine the support and documentation meetings due to their overlap.
  - Proposed having a monthly SIG engineering core meeting focused on blockchain and technical issues, reducing the frequency of the SIG support meeting.
  - Emphasized the importance of triaging issues transparently to encourage community participation.
  - Acknowledged the learning curve for new contributors and suggested streamlining the process for more effective engagement.
  - Asked for initial thoughts, concerns, and feedback on the proposed restructure.

- **Sig Clients and Console 2.0:**
  - Tyler Wright mentioned discussions in the Sig clients meeting about Console 2.0 and its impact on the Praetor team.
  - Scott Carruthers has been refining provider build upgrade paths with ongoing internal discussions and community feedback.
  - Testing remains a key next step for finalizing these upgrades.

- **Upcoming Meetings and Working Groups:**
  - Tyler reminded attendees of several upcoming meetings:
    - Sig Providers meeting in 29 minutes.
    - Akash website and documentation working group meeting tomorrow.
    - Steering committee meeting tomorrow afternoon.

- **Documentation and Sig Website Meeting:**
  - Scott Carruthers raised concerns about the overlap and relevance of documentation discussions within the Sig website meeting.
  - Tyler clarified the hierarchical process for merging documentation items, which involves checks from Scott or Andrey.
  - There is no expectation for Scott or Andrey to join every Sig website meeting unless there is a specific agenda item relevant to documentation.
  - Tyler emphasized efficient use of core team members' time, ensuring agenda items relevant to them are prioritized.

**Clarifications:**
- **Participation in Sig Website Meeting:**
  - Scott and Andrey are not required to join every Sig website meeting.
  - They will join only if there is a specific documentation-related agenda item.
  - Tyler will ensure relevant items are scheduled early in the agenda to optimize time management.


- **Handling Documentation Updates:**
  - Scott Carruthers raised a concern about managing documentation updates, especially when the core team is busy.
  - Tyler Wright suggested that if a core team member has the time and willingness, they should handle the updates directly for efficiency.
  - If the core team is unable to handle it, creating an issue in the appropriate channel is recommended, allowing community members to pick it up.
  - There is a need to ensure community contributions are encouraged without overburdening the core team.

- **Engaging the Community:**
  - Tyler emphasized the importance of community contributions to manage the workload.
  - If core team members are too busy, they should still ensure issues are created for community tracking.
  - Tyler acknowledged Hero's proactive contributions and encouraged others to follow suit.
  - Scott agreed but expressed slight concern over issues potentially falling through the cracks if neither the core team nor the community takes immediate action.

- **Next Steps:**
  - Tyler proposed discussing this further in the working group for the website and documentation meeting tomorrow.
  - Emphasized the importance of creating issues for tracking any undocumented discussions or updates in the Insiders chat.
**Closing Remarks:**
- Tyler thanked everyone for their time and contributions, emphasizing the importance of efficient collaboration between the core team and the community.

## Action Items
- Tyler Wright to add the restructure of the meeting format to the next meeting's agenda.
- Tyler to follow up on creating a standardized set of questions for insiders to use when handling partnership requests.
- Damir Simpovic and Rodri to monitor Discord for partnership requests and apply the filtering mechanism by asking follow-up questions.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to six support biweekly the support special interest group goes over. any issues that are in the support repo sometimes in the console repo triage is any issues that are awaiting triage and then the second agenda item is to talk to members of vanguards insiders and other members of the community that are active in Discord and other channels to see how support is generally going to determine if there's anything that needs to get changed in terms of documentation or any themes anybody sees across different support channels I will add an agenda item just about again the restructure of this meeting as we move forward, but I'll save that for the end.

Tyler Wright: We'll start off by handing over to Scott and Scott will go through any issues that may be awaiting triage. And then again if anybody wants to talk about any issues, feel free to jump in after Scott has done triashing issues. So Scott, I'll kick it over to you.

Scott Carruthers: All right, so just start is everyone able to hear my audio? I feel I can get in some network degradation is My coming through Okay, I'm gonna thumbs up.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Andrey Arapov: long and clear

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so the next step is let's see if I Share my screen without any degradation.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, is everyone able to see my screen?

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so for the purpose of triage issues, this should be very quick today. So as everyone is aware that open issues are created on the Akash Network support repository, and we usually go through an exercise of just going through. items that are away in triage and of course afterwards we can also take any questions on any other issues that are not covered, but currently we only have a single Issue, that's a waiting triage. So I'm going to go into this. Andy, Come across this issue. Previously, have you read through this or is this the first time that you're seeing this issue?

Andrey Arapov: Let's give some foregone. I think I have never seen this before.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I haven't seen this until I was just some prep for this meeting. I was wondering if maybe initially and I don't know. I don't want to put you on the spot of having to read through this in real time, but Luna opened up a kubernetes concern for providers and spawning. Too many processes within a container and affecting the host and possibly crashing the host. So whether this is a Terraria or not, obviously we could do some testing it. Maybe you can have some initial thoughts. But I was wondering if we could maybe initially take this out of waiting tree out. I'll send it as a P2 and assign to yourself for initial review.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah I agree with everything that you just said,â€¦

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, yeah,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: I doubt based on our limits.

Andrey Arapov: definitely I can reviewâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: This is actually a concern.

Andrey Arapov: but briefly I just explained through it while we were talking.

Scott Carruthers: But yeah, if we want to go through some testing andâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: So basically it's like,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: then maybe we can quickly come in andâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: if you deploy some script that like a pork cell orâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: close of the Great.

Andrey Arapov: something some bump plots they are limited by the amount of memory they are being limited by so basically they like memory it's not only constraintsâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: And with that as I said, that was the only thing awaiting triage. So definitely.

Andrey Arapov: if you neither the only is a process space so that kind of thing we can definitely testâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Pepito open up the floor and any of the issues that we said that was the only one that we needed to.

Andrey Arapov: but by default. there I don't remember the number on top of my head,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Make assignment and do proper labeling but more than happy to discuss any of the other open issues as well.

Andrey Arapov: but there is some limited parameter for that so we can just basically run some tests.

Scott Carruthers: Is there anyone in the audience that would like to discuss any other issues?

Andrey Arapov: I can count on my provider different assignment for me things.

Scott Carruthers: that was quick and easy if there's no other questions and that's all we have today.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Cool, continuing to move along with the agenda. I did want to see could we do have some? Folks that are fairly active in Discord here have there been any themes that anybody wants to call out in Discord or is there any behavior and to score that anybody thinks might be worth sharing related to support here on this call?

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: I'll go ahead damir first and then rodri after.

Damir Simpovic: so the only thing It's actually like to. mention is there's a lot of completely unknown brand new accounts on Discord asking directly to talk to somebody about my partnership and then there's a number of people specifically. Okay, I don't want to bring up names. It doesn't matter. But they immediately point to Adam or to I don't know you Tyler or somebody else from the core Team without actually even knowing who this person is what they want, brand new account. I mean If you guys are cool with it, I'm cool too. But I think it's a waste of people should really not tag.

Damir Simpovic: our members of the core team just because somebody is asking, there should be some kind of

Damir Simpovic: let's say a filter. Yeah. Just yeah my opinion.

Tyler Wright: I would just chime in before we head over to rodri. I would completely agree with that.

Tyler Wright: In many cases when I get tagged in something or I see somebody from the core team has been tagged in something and they haven't responded yet because probably there's no been filter process. What I try to do is I try to ask that person in that public Channel what exactly they're looking for that is a filtering mechanism that again people will identify themselves or not and just disappear, but to your point and this is something that maybe we should talk about in the inside or office hours and just in general, I would ask that anybody that sees those kinds of conversations happening instead of again adding specific members of the core team, especially members that are not even online right now, but instead ask them because again Akash network is open source, what they're looking to do with the Akash Network and then from there, those responses can help dictate what next steps may be. so to me, I think you're dead on that and then again, that's something that

Tyler Wright: If I forget please remind me to bring up in the proper channels moving forward.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead rodri.

Rodri R: Yeah, thanks a mirror. Totally agree with him. And with you I've seen those two and I wasn't sure how to handle those either but recently all the music don't want to point any names. But yeah, some people just attack work team. And filter would be great. And besides that also for the last two weeks, there's been these new kinds of bots that they start like, they're all so new accounts and they started conversation between each other. And then they share links which obviously or most likely are leading to scam websites. Not sure how we can get rid of those because they just start a compass conversation between them.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, damir.

00:10:00

Rodri R: Perfectly, I'll do that.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody is seeing? Inside Discord or other channels that might be worth sharing go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: and maybe I missed possible suggestion here, but regarding the overall point of people being integrated interested in integrating with Akash or forming a partnership with so I like the idea of

Scott Carruthers: filtering out people that are tagging the core team as well, I guess and this is the part that maybe I miss what are we suggesting as a solution to this though is so Discord is If there's a partner in the ecosystem out there that is internet interested in working with Akash a partnership or integration. Discord is probably most likely they're easiest way to initially get in touch with us. So What is the solution and so even if we disallowed them tagging the core team initially and then we allowed insiders to review it. I would think it would end up in the same place. the Insiders would probably have to reach out to Tyler or anneal and ask if this is a partnership that we're interested in so I've just wondering what the solution is here. So the only thing I can think of is we create a partners.

Scott Carruthers: I don't know what it would be called because obviously we want existing Partners to end up in this channel, but it like new partners or Integrations Channel and then when someone tries to tag the core team we direct them to that channel and then we just release our controlling it all and then one channel, but yeah overall obviously love the idea of disallowing they tagging of core team members, but how do we solve this and allow people that are interested in new Partnerships and Integrations initiate that contact

Tyler Wright: So my thought process wasn't like actually doing a setting inside Discord that would not allow them to do it, but the thought process was. Up training insiders and other members of the community that maybe don't know what to do right now and give them in Specific Instructions to follow-up questions to that person that said that's asking for the partnership. So instead of just saying instead of Company XYZ coming in Discord hey, I want to partner with Akash and somebody just tagging. Myself a meal or Adam that's the person you need to talk to.

Tyler Wright: That person that sees it that is actively as active and Discord says what are you looking to do? And if they say I'm looking to integrate, Akash into our company or hey, I'm looking to do a marketing partnership. Then at least that follow-up will allow me to better direct the conversation. I'm still going to have to be speaking for myself. I'm still gonna have to be Hands-On and Discord to read many of these conversations, but there's initial step of just and many times people just blindly say hey, it's mostly a marketing partnership. I want to It's all right, cool. What's the partnership? I don't know. We'll figure out later. But let's start with the Tweet. We can immediately filter those things out, that was the idea.

Scott Carruthers: All Yeah, yeah. So yeah, the solution that we're suggesting is coming up with a can list of questions so that when you review a Tyler a nail tester review it that one step had a okay. Yeah, that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead rodri.

Rodri R: Yeah agree with you all what I usually try to do with those is Tyler says ask them about what they want to partner with. But then I'm 60 to 70 percent of people who are asking for a partnership. at least in my Opinion they just looking to do. this listing akt and some decks some other place. And then I just don't Point them out. But if it's a legit company then I'll take someone but yeah.

Tyler Wright: yeah, I would just Go ahead, damir.

Damir Simpovic: What I was thinking. Okay, sorry. when I was why I'm pointing in out because people immediately jump, they don't want to put any effort into even introducing themselves. So these are the ones that I'm already on the verge of banning them. I mean immediately when I see, I don't even want to ask when they don't even take the effort to say, I am decent that and we are doing this and that and you would really be nice if we could talk to somebody, if they don't even take that amount of effort that requires just a bit of copy and pasting.

00:15:00

Damir Simpovic: But just immediately jump to who could I talk to from the management about the partnership for instance and that's their first message, ever they just joined. And then there's a number of people that immediately respond to messages like that. ging Adam tagging Tyler tagging anneal tagging Scott's, I mean, it could be an actual legitimate request.

Damir Simpovic: But 99% of the time those messages are just either scams or waste of time or asking for money or whatever. So what I was thinking was just kind of a higher archetical approach to this a filter. Okay, please introduce yourself, please If you have a request or you want to get in touch with somebody from the core team, that's fine. Just please, introduce your project. Make it so that we don't actually need to so that it doesn't immediately to I don't know. whoever

Damir Simpovic: so that there's a little bit of effort requires, to actually reach somebody at least some amount of effort that Tells me for instance that this person. is not after just a quick Buck or something, that's

Tyler Wright: No, I agree with you wholeheartedly. And again Akash is open source. So while a member of the core team is maybe just working in and it's well positioned to provide an answer this is a entire Akash Community that's making these decisions, someone like many cases special with the dexes. We try to point those people to Sig economics and starting conversation, right because they're not just gonna be like, hey, who do we talk to and a member of overclock is going to make a decision? Yes or no. so I agree with the mere wholeheartedly and we'll talk about this more again an appropriate meetings, but I think it's a good thing to call out and the good thing that I know we're seeing a lot more of which is again speaks to the kind of project akashes, but also speaks to some of my general frustration with the space where people just think

Tyler Wright: tweeting something is a partnership and I think our expectation here as a group of Builders, actually trying to build something real is far beyond that and we need to filter those people out. So A great point damir and again, we'll follow up on that as an action item. Go ahead rodri.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: All Real quick. I'll follow up with that later.

Tyler Wright: I did want to see maybe this is not something we could take offline, but I did want to see if I know there's been an uptick in potential scammers. I did want to see if you all saw more providers coming into the ecosystem or more people and deployments channel more people looking to get involved. I seen a number of more contributions as of the last couple of months and people looking to contribute to the cash project, but I wanted to see if you all seen an uptick downtick or any sort of

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Any sort of understanding of what's been happening in terms of folks deploying or providers and have you seen more than in months pass or less than a month's past. But again, we can feel free to take that offline. If you don't have an accurate figure, but that's something I would ask that folks here continue to monitor as we continue to move forward to see if documentation is continuing to improve and so people have less questions because they're getting everything that they need or people are asking different kinds of questions that maybe again should Be answered elsewhere. And I guess that is a good segue into the last agenda item that I was going to talk about it again, if anybody has any open discussion items related to support that they want to talk about here today. Feel free, but one thing that

Tyler Wright: That this is kind of alpha that want to talk about in terms of the structure of this group. I know that originally this was a monthly meeting and it changed to a biweekly meeting as we were looking to get more folks to see again the triage process and then hopefully get involved in contributing to the core code base. Obviously anybody can contribute to the core code base and the repos are open, but we have found over time that there's just been a learning curve with people getting up to date and helping to solve some of these support issues in the support repo.

Tyler Wright: There has been an idea basically to have a monthly again. This is just a preliminary idea that's been floated. a monthly like a Sig engineering core meeting which would be a combination of support and chain, where conversation would happen about, blockchain next steps, there's a cosmos SDK upgrade to 47 or 50. There's a lot of work that happens there. So again that will be talked about in addition to issues and it'll be a chance for any member of the community to remember to meet with members of the core engineering team and talk about anything and that would happen on a monthly basis and that would mean that this six support me meeting would not have to meet as frequently and the goal of this meeting would be to focus on support in the community how insiders and vanguards are doing that kind of stuff.

Tyler Wright: I may actually be thinking about combining the support and the documentation meeting because again

Tyler Wright: Much of what goes on with the documentation has been turned into the working group for the website and documentation. because the docs are under the website folks that are contributing to the documentation we'll meet biweekly to talk about anything related to docs working group for the Akash website and documentation. And then there's a separate special interest group around documentation as looking to meet less frequently and that's just to check in on all things going on with the working group all things related to documentation and seeing if we need to meet more frequently. My thought process was to combine six support and Sig documentation because they are very similar and a lot of things that we see potentially in support might have an effect on documentation. But the idea is that these meetings will meet less frequently. We hope that more insiders and vanguards and members of community can come and talk about what's going on and Discord telegram other channels as well. As things that maybe they've seen from the

Tyler Wright: in terms of updates needed to documentation pain points frequently asked questions Etc, but it would meet less frequently and then

Tyler Wright: There'd be again another meeting. That would be more engineering focused that would bring in people that of They're asking more technical questions. So I just wanted to float that idea to this group as we continue to refine and fine-tune, these six and working groups. The goal is that there's as many participants and as much Lively conversation when we do I know some of these meetings where we might be meeting very frequently, but again, very people are very busy. So there might be less active participation on a regular basis. We just want to make sure we're maximizing everyone's time. So I just wanted to float that to the community. I'm of the belief that there's still a great deal of importance in triaging issues transparently so that people from the community can ask questions people could look to get involved because again, there is a goal over time that there go developers out there that will want to contribute whether it's teams or individual.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: companies that say I really believe in It is in our best interest to help with the core product and they look to get involved in some of these conversations. But again to this point we found that number of people have come to these meetings. Try to get involved with support issues, but then whether or not they read the engineering documentation, they're is just learning curve. That folks. have had an issues with especially as they make a living doing other things with a nine to five job so Just want to see if there was any initial thoughts concerns about. This idea again. I'll float it again in Discord, but I just want to see if there's any thing that anybody want to talk about live in terms of objections the grill thoughts questions Etc.

Tyler Wright: I see a bunch of thumbs up. So it sounds like everyone's kind of on the same page. And again, this is not yet determined and finalized but it will continue out to continue to talk to members of the community and then also members of engineering team and we'll take next steps from there.

Damir Simpovic: I have a sorry to steal your show. Andrey there's a number of providers that can be signed.

Tyler Wright: Cool that there's nothing else then again. I'll remind folks that there's Sig providers meeting happening in 29 minutes damir's got some stuff that I know he wants to talk about.

Tyler Wright: 

Damir Simpovic: And tagging you. But you probably missed it.

Tyler Wright: We'll have some follow-up discussions related to youâ€¦

Damir Simpovic: So just that's a reminder.

Tyler Wright: some discussion happened Sig clients yesterday around console 2.0 andâ€¦

Damir Simpovic: That's all.

Tyler Wright: what that looks like for the prior team and I know Scott has been refining the provider build upgrade paths and there's been some talks internally andâ€¦

Damir Simpovic: Should I like the Emmy or?

Tyler Wright: again with members of community about just some finalized testing that needs to get done as Next Step. So we'll talk about that during sick providers and then tomorrow again, there's a working group for the Akash website as well as documentation. So if anybody wants to contribute to the website contribute to documentation, feel free to join that working group tomorrow, and then they're also as a steering committee which will meet again at tomorrow afternoon. Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, just sorry since we have some time Tower. I know that we've talked about this before but I wonderâ€¦

Tyler Wright: So a couple meetings to

Scott Carruthers: if it is useful for the people on this call to have a clear understanding about this as well this so it documentation.

Tyler Wright: For but much appreciate the conversation today much appreciate everyone's time. And again, we'll follow up with some of these conversations online.

Scott Carruthers: Kind of focus so much support related. So again people I candy andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: all thank you Scott. Go ahead damir.

Scott Carruthers: Damir, and in rodri and probably others on the call that are involved in documentation.

Tyler Wright: You're good.

Scott Carruthers: I know that we talked about this before and you also just said that maybe some of this is influx of as well. Maybe there would be an idea of combining the six support and Sig documentation meeting. So I also understand that again, it could be influx, but I'm still not sure that I'm clear. And so I want to make sure that everyone else on the call is clear with the idea of getting rid of the Sig documentation. Biweekly or monthly meeting. However, frequently that met in a lot of those discussions are under Sig website, which makes sense that documentation is now on the Akash website, but they're Seemingly very different topics of so a lot of the conversation and the website Sigma made in.

Scott Carruthers: a majority of the people on this call. Don't join that because a lot of it is design discussion and other things with the actual functioning of the website. and it sounds like right now because documentation is under the website where possibly any documentation conversation of Interest would happen in that Sig. So I guess I'm still not clear and maybe for the other members of the call is people that are involved in documentation at this point should be joining the Sig website or only On request. So again, my overall concern is that probably a majority of that meeting isn't really relevant to us, but If a documentation topic comes up then obviously we need representation or we should be involved. So I'm just want to make sure that everyone is clear on how to navigate that based on the current meeting structures.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, so it is very much again in flux. What we found is there's been a number of community contributions from folks that are looking to do both, contribute to documentation and the website from a hierarchical standpoint. the idea is before any documentation items get merged. there is a check from either Andrey or Scott and so that can be done async if we start to find that there's a number of Actual discussions that need to happen then I will ask Scott Andre to join the meeting and we can talk about as an agenda item as we prepare, but that's not something that I would require.

Tyler Wright: either of you to join I would ask an obviously anybody from the community is welcome to join but

Tyler Wright: Before there is a hierarchy. Between members of that working group and piyush about how documentation PRS are merged and that involves again in most cases a member of Scott either you are Andre, but as we move forward we can look to fine-tune the idea. The goal is that again members of the core team who are very busy don't have to feel like they have to join three or four sigs and working groups. But again, there's

Tyler Wright: So much going on and so much that the core team is involved in that. We just have to figure it out as we go along I guess in the short term.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, definitely fine figuring out as we go along and again understand that some of its influx so I think Maybe the number one thing I was looking for there is and you've set this in the past. I'm just making sure that everyone is clear you want to really expect. people Andy and myself, who are Responsible for documentation specifically to join the Sig website call and would probably only join it if there's a request interesting item that's going to be discussing that session so we'll join on request. But again, I just want to make sure that there wasn't any expectation that we're going to start joining the sick website meeting and it doesn't sound like there is that expectation, so

Tyler Wright: No expectation. And again, we'll make sure that an agenda is set out for every meeting and there's anything specific that might call upon you then I'll coordinate with you all to make sure that you're available and then make sure that your time is utilized. and as an example, if We have a number of items to cover. I'll make sure that documentation item is on the earlier side the agenda so that you're not helping to spend time working on things that maybe are less interest to you. I'll make it clear prior to the meeting.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, sounds good. And I want to turn this into a documentation made in but just another item that I think possibly could be of interest as entire I'm sure you have some thoughts on this and I don't think it's anything. Like severe that I think we're handling this all very well reasonably. at this point but Sometimes there's things that come up in documentation like this morning. There was a Insider conversation about provider Audits and if we have that process docume So the thing I think is interesting in here as it's just by my nature. I instantly think I'm just gonna go into documentation and make that update. But if we should be relying more on the

Scott Carruthers: Community like what that's going to look like over time. Sometimes it just happens naturally and somebody will raise their hand within the Discord discussion saying yeah, I'll take that on but short of that. Yeah, how do we not navigate that should we? Lean towards in that circumstance if I want to handle it. I'll just handle it myself or is a way for the community become more involved in documentation. We shouldn't lean that way and if we don't lean that way how to win something comes up in Discord. So obviously create an issue I suppose. But yeah, I'm just wondering how we navigate that going forward and making sure that items of Interest are handled without the core team necessary paneling them themselves.

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: I mean, yes, my two cents on this is if a member of the core team has the time and the desire knock it out, and what and we could just keep it moving. Other than that, I would ask that and we'll talk about more about this in entire calls and other calls is have those people take the appropriate measures to make an issues and then I know that there's members of the community. There's one on this call hero that does a great job of identifying issues and solving those issues as quickly as possible. So there's a number of people that are waiting in the wings to help contribute, but I would say in order of operation standpoint. I think the idea is

Tyler Wright: Obviously, there's so much going on with the Akash Network that there needs to be Community contributions and we need to push people to contributing more but there's already plenty of places for people to contribute. So I don't want that to be a deterrent for you maybe I shouldn't do this because somebody from the community should do this, but if it makes sense and it's efficient for you to do it, then I would say do it. Otherwise again, you can just stay heads down and we can make sure that an issues created by somebody else and then it gets solved. There's plenty to get solved so I would say short answer. If you want to do it, if you don't and you have the time to make an issue and we'll go from there, but don't feel like you're taking contributions away from somebody else because again, there's plenty for folks to get involved in.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, sounds good. I don't think that's any great concern. I have a little bit of a concern in that circumstance today in the Insiders. So if I am busy Doing devworker or other things. And I don't handle it myself and I don't create an issue and then nobody opens an issue for it. So, like I said, I don't bring this up as a severe concern, but I think there's that possibility that exists.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: No, I think it's a good point in something. We can continue to monitor. We'll talk about that in the working group for the website and docs tomorrow and then also on the Insiders call.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and it could just be as simple as the people that were in the discussion this morning our default response that is please open an issue for tracking.

Tyler Wright: Yes, exactly.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about on the support front?

Tyler Wright: If not then all I appreciate conversation again. I'll follow up with next steps in terms of the structure of these meetings be a Discord but much appreciate the Hope to see many of you and Sig providers. Thank you all very much.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you. everyone

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Rodri R: Thank you.

oo o: lived on a prosp

Meeting ended after 00:38:50 ðŸ‘‹

