# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #38

## Agenda
- Welcome and Opening Remarks
- Triage of Support Repo Issues
- Community Discussion on Discord and Telegram Behaviors
- Open Floor for Additional Issues

## Meeting Details

- Date: Ocober 16, 2024
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://y6maa325rxgqsjjluoracvtjrcxiq2bhxlyftdloyiiafyhatydq.arweave.net/x5gAb12NzQklK6OiAVZpiK6IaCe68FmNbsIQAuDgngc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Scott Carruthers
- Andrey Arapov
- Benjamin B
- B S
- Deathless
- M R

## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and Opening Remarks
- **Tyler Wright** welcomed everyone to the SIG Support monthly meeting, emphasizing the importance of triaging issues in the support repository and addressing Akash Network issues on GitHub.
- Outlined the meetingâ€™s flow: triage support issues, address community concerns in Discord and Telegram, and conclude with open discussion.

### Triage of Support Repo Issues
- **Scott Carruthers** reviewed issues awaiting triage in the support repo, detailing each one:
  - **Pod Stability Issues**: Investigation ongoing to reduce out-of-memory (OOM) issues, particularly affecting GPU AI workloads. Core team is exploring the use of Kubernetes host swap files to alleviate these issues. Issue assigned a high priority (P1) and added to the engineering roadmap.
  - **Coinbase Transaction Error**: User mistakenly sent AKT to a Coinbase source address. Tyler is investigating ways to return the small amount of AKT involved and will handle the follow-up.
  - **Wallet Operation Error in Praetor App**: Jigar initially responded to clarify this user-reported error, which may stem from configuration issues. The team is awaiting further user input and feedback to investigate fully.
  - **Authorized Spend Without Expiration**: An edge case where deploying a spend without an expiration date produces erroneous date outputs. Issue noted as potentially display-only, needing further testing to confirm. Assigned for additional testing by Scott.
  - **Inconsistent Block Time Calculation**: Discrepancy found in average block time values between the Akash console and bid engine script, affecting deployment price estimates. Suggestion raised to use a shared value repository to avoid future inconsistencies. Scott will take this issue offline for further evaluation.

### Community Discussion on Discord and Telegram Behaviors
- **Tyler Wright** invited feedback on observed behaviors or themes in support-related channels:
- **Community Spam and Bot Activity**: No specific issues were raised during this meeting, though Tyler emphasized using the SIG Support channel to report any suspicious activity.

### Open Floor for Additional Issues
- Tyler opened the floor for further discussion on any issues, behaviors, or topics not covered in the formal agenda.
- No additional issues or behaviors were raised at this time.

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler thanked all participants, especially Scott, for leading the triage session, and expressed appreciation for community contributions in support channels.
- Encouraged attendees to stay engaged in Discord and GitHub to help monitor and report issues between meetings.

## Action Items
- **Scott Carruthers**: Investigate pod stability improvements using Kubernetes host swap files and continue testing the Authorized Spend Without Expiration edge case.
- **Tyler Wright**: Follow up on the Coinbase transaction error to return the small amount of AKT mistakenly sent by the user.
- **Scott Carruthers**: Resolve the block time calculation discrepancy by exploring a shared value repository for consistent pricing estimates across the console and bid engine script.
- **Core Team**: Coordinate testing for the Cosmos SDK v0.47 upgrade and reach out to community members experienced with validator setup for involvement in this testing group.
- **All Participants**: Use the SIG Support channel to report any spam, bot activity, or behavior issues observed in community channels (Discord, Telegram).

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, everybody. Welcome to the SIG Support monthly meeting during the Special Interest group.

Tyler Wright: Support this group meets on a monthly basis. Led by members of the core engineering team to go over any issues that are awaiting triage in the support repo and the Akash Network Organization and GitHub is where all issues related to the Blockchain and just again, the Akash network as a whole live. There's another repo that sometimes we discuss more issues related to console live again. If anybody has any issues related, consolders a discord channel called Ecosystem Console. And again, there's also the console repo inside the car's network organization, where folks can create issues again. What we usually do is I hand it over to remember the core team to go for any issues that are waiting triage inside the support repo.

Tyler Wright: Anybody can discuss any of those issues or bring anything up and folks aren't here live for the meeting. You have a question about a specific issue more than welcome to drop a comment inside that respected issue and the support repo from there after we triage any issues and we discuss any issues and support repo. I'll see if anybody in the community that wants to talk about any support as having a discord or any other behaviors or themes that need to be discussed. Anybody has anything that they want to talk about specifically related to support whether it be again, the support repo or just general support inside discord and other channels. Again, feel free to drop a message inside the chat. But without further ado, I'm going to hand it over to Scott and we'll see if there's any issues that are waiting triage and discuss them.

Scott Carruthers: All Sounds good. Thanks proactively I got into the support repo and the issues that are awaiting triage and we have a few more that way. Did prior and in previous weeks but I think they're actually should be able to go through pretty quickly. So as you can see, we have five that are awaiting tree. I shall just go through these one at a time. So Tyler, this looks like you already have assigned. So this is an issue for

Scott Carruthers: Pot, stability issues. So this is an investigation that we're doing internally to See how we can eliminate now that we can eliminate but try to reduce the occurrences out of memory issues as much as possible. So we've Been doing some internal investigation about using recently introduced Kubernetes. Host swap files and things of that nature to try to. Alleviate as much as possible, some of the GPU AI workloads that are encountering out of memory issues. So this is still under investigation and yesterday, Tyler created an issue for us. So again tower it looks like you've already done. Assignment. So I'll just take this out of a waiting triage and put it into the label with the provider label. And let's say it as a P1 as well. So that also good.

Tyler Wright: And then I've also added this to the product and engineering roadmap because I know this is something that's a higher priority for the core engineering team, so I didn't want to triage it all the way and prioritize it. But I knew who was going to be working on it.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that sounds Not true. Prior gives the ability to go through it during the section. So, yeah, that's probably a good call. Okay, so first one down. So we'll go back and go back to other. Issues that are awaiting triage. the first one so I did again, I went through some of these pretty quickly before. This session tower. I'm not sure if this is something that you want to handle. So if you read through this quickly, somebody opened a issues because they were going through a, quote, a Coinbase mission. And if you read through this, it sounds like during a portion of it, they accidentally sent akt to instead of their own address after, I think this is when the mission is completed, they send funds used during the mission to their

Scott Carruthers: Back to their account and they sent it to I think a corn base source address instead of a destination address of their own wallet. So, If you look through this, we're only talking about three Akt. I believe this is all this user is concerned about. So I would think if it's truly only three Akt that we could probably facilitate given that three Akt back. I'm just talking it up as a Simple mistake. But anyways, this is something that you want me to take out a way in triage and I can assign it to yourself, Tyler. And you can Follow up, or


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah, That works. I saw this issues yesterday and I've already taken some steps behind the scenes to try to figure out how to address this. I don't know if the support repo was a proper place for this, but we'll just keep it here for the time being until it gets resolved.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah. I don't think probably was the proper place but at this point it's probably just easier to deal with it here and close it. And Try to do anything else. So yeah, that sounds good. I'm not sure. I guess I'll just do it as a P2. It's not really something that we would just sign that to otherwise for a label, but I'll set it as a little priority. P2 and assign it to you, Tyler. So, I think that's all this necessary for that. Go back and so that should bring us down to three items awaiting triage. So I saw this Issues of the Prater app, not working.

Scott Carruthers: When a fresh wallet, operation is conducted in a couple. I didn't really go into the details of this. So it looks like there's a lot of information. So again, I don't looks like actually Jigars already responded and looked like he was confused about the issues. is not Prater but anyways, it looks like Jagar has already engaged on this, so I'll go up and take this out of The waiting triage, and I'll do it as a. P2 again and also the repos and Issues related to Prater or possibly not. But it only said, was they the thought? And if Garza day on this, I'll assign it to himself.

Scott Carruthers: this again, isn't really an issue. I'm kind of just scrolling through this in real time. And the most consequential update here is from Jakar. And again, it looks like he believes that this is a couple or issue prater, any questions or any further discussion necessary on this.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, that's interesting. That's three weeks old and we should have encounter that during the last triage, possibly Got taken out of a waiting triage for a period time and then put back in it. But anyways, it's a sign now and it looks like currently we're just a waiting for they user to respond. To jakarta's update.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, so if we go back in and take a look at the remaining items and awaiting triage, that brings us down to two, So, these are again issues that I'm just really reviewing in real time. I remember especially the one from Ada Plug I remember coming up during The last session that we had couple ago, this support session from a couple weeks ago. And I'm not familiar with this. So I'm just gonna take a quick look, so I'll see for deployment deposit without expiration outputs, erroneous date.

Scott Carruthers: That's interesting. I'm not sure that I have ever created Aussie or an authorized spend without a expiration. So possibly this is just a edge case that hasn't been tested or looked at prior so I will.

Scott Carruthers: Sign our term myself to this.

Scott Carruthers: And so this is Aussie issues. So I'll set this as a P2 and I will put it as

Scott Carruthers: This is put it in the notary bow. So, I Get identical waiting triage. So again, this isn't something that I've looked at on. I can definitely do some testing of this myself. If anyone on the call is encountered this or anyone has any thoughts on this? I'll take a pause here. Please let us know otherwise. I'll try to reproduce it and again it probably is an edge case where rare to create an authorized spend without a expiration date. So it looks like when Max was testing this, he kind of found a edge case and I'm actually not even sure that this is a functionality issue or if it's just a display issue, I spend is created without an exploration date. If you were to query that, Authorized spend on chain. It might have the correct.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: Authorization date. But it's just, the CLI is output in incorrect date. Obviously that would have to be tested but any other Thoughts or questions or concerns on this?

Scott Carruthers: And with that, that should bring us down to Single item awaiting triage. So I remember this being brought up and they support call last week or a couple weeks ago. So I'm just gonna refresh my memory. So inconsistent average block time values between the cost console and the bit scripts. There's an existent inconsistency and average time, use her caching block.

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Scott Carruthers: so impact, while this discrepancy between those block times may appear minor signify affects pricing consistency, so I think the

Scott Carruthers: I guess and so this is something that obviously I could take offline and think about Further. So I understand the ramification of the block size time when the pricing script is using it and calcula Average block time. For pricing consideration as a pricing calculations. not exactly sure what they ramification or the consequence of Different block time, being displayed within console would be sorry for that. And raise some, I'm gonna go back to go ahead. Andy.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, just like the big engine script, it uses this pricing equation. For making sure the amount of blocks it will give for the deployment. the smaller blocks, you getting a block. and if you are setting the bit pricing script to something that you expect to give one price and then on the console, you would see Okay, you're deployment Will Expire would say slightly northern slightly later if there is a scrupon sim between the pricing conversation so that's what he probably meant. And yeah,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: I think we should really use the same value there and there and probably The best case is probably to update our net repo the single source of truth

Andrey Arapov: we have not repos mainnet and sandbox and maybe create a little file with block size. Maybe I'll put it there so that, the script and decide will just probably the same Just an idea.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, as you were beginning to speak. So I was trying to correlate. So what is the ramification of the console? Using a different block. So obviously, they

Scott Carruthers: Main concern would be they block time and the price script calculation. So I was just trying. Why are we concerned about the? Block size calculation within Console. But as you say that, I think this is just a matter of when console plays estimated time, Of lifetime. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: Yeah. Yeah that's the point. so there is a discrepancy then the provider would be reason. Let's say higher or lower. What is to digital element and on the console we would see It took quite slightly different. I mean if you are actually locating it manually, it's one thing. And the second thing is that some might be calculating something like an Excel sheet and using the Smarties for, we're kind of determining for how long they are deployment will run. but,

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrey Arapov: But yeah, it's

Scott Carruthers: I definitely get at that, If no other consequence, it's lean into erroneous estimations within console of how long the deployment lifetime would be based on average block time and the amount of funds in escrow so yeah, yeah, I get it.


### 00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: So I have assigned that again to myself and our tour and put it as a P2 and they know repito Any other? Thoughts are discussion points on that issue.

Scott Carruthers: With that usually at this point. So I'm just going to go back and send a check but that should complete our tree housing activities for this session. Usually, at this point, I also Just open the floor to anyone in the audience. Is there either an items that we just covered that? We now want to revisit? Or are there any issues that we didn't cover that were not a waving triage but just some other issues that there's interest in discussing this morning.

Scott Carruthers: Okay, if there's nothing else, I think we're done with treating Tower and I'll hand it back to you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: At this point, we usually see a perfect timing because we just added another insider vanguard during this part. after we

Tyler Wright: Triage any issues, awaiting triage. Usually, we try to see if there's anything in discord telegram, or any other support related channels that should be discussed with this group or anybody listening later. I just want to see if there was anything in discord or telegram, that anybody has seen from new and existing users. That might be worth calling out here today. I know that, members of the core team as well, the community have seen some issues related to AI deployments and so, again some investigation is Scott mentioned is being done on Scott's stability related to those AI deployments. So that's something that we've seen from potential customers, especially in the AI space potential partners, rather. And so that's something that the core team is looking to, with high priority. I want to see if there's anything else anybody

Tyler Wright: Seeing from a behavioral standpoint or just an in general going on and discord or other channels that might be worth calling out.

Tyler Wright: If not, again, please feel like you can use a six support channel to talk about anything that you see in discord or other channels. That might be worth calling out talking in more detail, etc.

Tyler Wright: I know there'll just had a couple of folks, just much appreciate you for joining. We have already gone through issues that are awaiting triage inside the support repo. We've talked about various issues in detail. We're now at the portion of the agenda where we're trying to see if there's anything themes or otherwise. And anybody is seen in discord telegram or other channels from a support standpoint, it should be called out. I know there's a number of folks here that are very active in discord and other channels. So again, I don't want to call anybody because I know the folks might be doing other things, but I just want to see if there's any Being behaviors.

Tyler Wright: Kind of concepts that folks have seen regularly and discord or other channels that might be worth updating documentation or calling out or questions based upon again, things that anybody's seen from the community or potential partners.

Tyler Wright: It's not then again I do want to call out the insiders vanguards and other members of the community that do it just a great job of just answering questions and providing support and telegram again Discord is where ers when many of the folks that are providing deploying on a class network, kind of ask specific questions, Get feedback. I do want to shout out the insiders again the vanguards and for all that they do providing almost 24 seven support again. There's some other folks that are on this call that I've just been a

Tyler Wright: An extreme value add and just when somebody has provider specific questions or deployment specific questions, being able to answer them, Give guidance on providers setups, all that kind of stuff. So again those community efforts go a long way in keeping new people engaged and existing people engaged. So I know that the community as a whole appreciates those efforts But I just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to discuss in more detail.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: If not then again, we've moved the SIG, clients meeting to next month, where I'm sure there'll be a number of updates related to cost console and some other items again. If anybody has any specific issues related to the console, there's an ecosystem console panel and discord as well as the console repo where you can create an issue that, the product team will continue to look at monitor.

Tyler Wright: One other thing of note is again, as we prepare ourselves for the Cosmos SDK, 47 upgrade there is going to be some testing. We talked about this at the beginning of the month in SIG chain. But we're at the point where we're going to be calling upon some folks, from the community that have shown interest in helping to test out functionality related to Cosmos Institute K47 upgrade. So, please look out for announcements in discord and other channels again, if you want to get involved, feel free to reach out to me. But we're gonna put together a small contingent to folks that, are technical enough to understand the CLI set up a validator can do a number of tasks and again, we're gonna

Tyler Wright: Create a place where folks can start to test out items related to Cosmos. Sdk47. So I'm just a couple of announcements related to again console and some other efforts, being done by the core team. Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss right to support?

Tyler Wright: At this time, any other outstanding issues and maybe have already been triage, anybody wants to discuss.

Tyler Wright: If not, then I'll certainly let you all go a little bit early. If anybody has anything that they see in discord or any support related issues, again, feel free to reach out to an inside. Our vanguard that can help you with the potential solution is escalation path from there to get members of the core team involved. And again, we can feel free to create an issue that will be triage and can be commented on. If you already create an issue, please feel free to look back at that issue and see if there's comments that have been added, that might need again attention. But as I've said earlier, much appreciated, everybody's time today. Thank you, Scott for leading us through issues, awaiting triage, and support repo. And again, Thank you to all that, provide feedback, provide guidance inside of discord. It goes such a long way and I get messages all the time from people privately about, Hey I had no idea what I was doing. This person helped me really appreciate

Tyler Wright: It goes a long way and a much, appreciate all those that are participating. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day again. feel free to let me know if you need anything but we'll continue to talk on discord and elsewhere.

Tyler Wright: Yes, have a good day.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright: Have a good week, everyone.

Andrey Arapov: Say goodbye.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:38 ðŸ‘‹
