# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #42

## Agenda
- Triage of issues in the support repository  
- Update on previously discussed issues  
- Community concerns and discussion  
- Vanguard and Insider support themes  
- Wrap-up and action items

## Meeting Details

- Date: March 19, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://a7dl2z2tani35s6yualffpp4iheefqkrxomoybltwymosdgehnxq.arweave.net/B8a9Z1MDUb7L2KAWUr38QchCwVG7mOwFc7YY6QzEO28)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Zeke Ezagui  
- Andrey Arapov  
- Benjamin B  
- Rodri R  
- Deathless  
- oÃ¯clid  
- Pavlo Dereniuk  
- B S  
- Damir Simpovic 


## Meeting Notes

### Welcome and introduction
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting by explaining the purpose of the SIG Support call: triaging GitHub issues in the Akash support repository and surfacing any community or insider concerns observed in Discord, Telegram, Reddit, or other community spaces.
- Encouraged anyone with additional issues or discussion points to raise them in chat or speak up during the meeting.

### Triage of issues in the support repository
- Scott Carruthers began with a quick review of issues awaiting triage.

  - Pod restart deletes pull secrets  
    - Issue relates to private image repositories losing their secrets if a pod restarts on a new node.  
    - Zeke has been testing a release candidate addressing this issue and has confirmed progress.  
    - Scott confirmed that once the update is finalized, it will be pushed to managed providers and announced in the provider announcement channel.  
    - The issue was moved to the provider repository and assigned to Zeke and Artur.  

  - RSS feed request for blog posts  
    - Issue raised regarding adding an RSS feed to the Akash websiteâ€™s blog.  
    - Determined to be unrelated to the support repo and will be migrated to the website repository.  
    - Scott and Tyler agreed to comment on and close the issue, then open a new one in the appropriate repo.

### Update on previously discussed issue: Label length and GPU names (Issue #233)
- Zeke Ezagui brought up continued community interest in resolving the 63-character label limit issue in Kubernetes.
- Deathless submitted a PR with a workaround that could help, especially with long GPU labels.
- Scott acknowledged the challenge and confirmed the team is still determining the best long-term fix.
- Tyler suggested that a follow-up should happen soon and asked for internal prioritization on a resolution.

### Community concerns and discussion

- Benjamin B raised the case of a French developer who wants to share a project but does not speak English.
  - Asked if there is a pathway for non-English-speaking contributors to present and potentially qualify for bounties or funding.
  - Tyler proposed the developer record a video demo with AI-generated English voiceover (e.g., using ElevenLabs), with a possible French version for local distribution.
  - Suggested using the client channel and GitHub Discussions for asynchronous review and feedback.
  - Rodri R added that a translator or friend could also assist with voiceover.  
  - Benjamin shared that the developer lacks the 1000 AKT deposit needed to post a proposal, and suggested small bounty support to cover such cases.

- Tyler clarified that proposal deposits should not come from the support budget but could be handled via a separate community pool or program.
  - Encouraged direct outreach if anyone needs help with proposal deposits.
  - Emphasized the community contribution budget should be reserved for technical, short-term efforts, generally under $2,000.
  - Recognized the potential need for a new funding mechanism for people needing help submitting proposals.

### Vanguard and Insider support themes
- Benjaminâ€™s example highlighted the role of Vanguards in surfacing community blockers and supporting contributors from all backgrounds.
- Tyler reiterated that the Akash Insiders program is a gateway to many other community roles, both paid and unpaid.
- Encouraged attendees to direct interested users to the website form to apply and engage with the broader ecosystem.

### Wrap-up and action items
- Scott thanked everyone for their input and confirmed follow-up will occur on the open issues and the new provider release candidate.
- Tyler emphasized that feedback, comments, and contributions between meetings are always welcome in the SIG Support Discord channel.

## Action Items
- Scott Carruthers  
  - Finalize testing and rollout of provider fix for pod restart and pull secret loss.  
  - Migrate the RSS feed request issue to the appropriate website repository.  
  - Ensure continued internal attention on the GPU label length issue and coordinate response to Deathlessâ€™s PR.

- Zeke Ezagui  
  - Continue testing the release candidate fix and update the community on readiness.  
  - Follow up on Issue #233 and community feedback on GPU labeling limitations.

- Tyler Wright  
  - Follow up with Benjamin and the French developer to explore demo and funding pathways.  
  - Begin scoping a potential program or community mechanism to help contributors submit proposals without the AKT deposit.  
  - Support async community engagement through the SIG client and support channels.

- Community team  
  - Monitor Discord for support issues or feedback tied to provider updates.  
  - Encourage Insiders and Vanguards to surface technical blockers or new contributor needs in future SIG meetings.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to SIG support is a monthly meeting that happens usually on the third Wednesday of every month where u members of the core team often led by Scott Kurthers go through any issues that are awaiting triage. those issues are triaged inside  The support repo is where all issues related to the core codebase of the AOSH network live. it's also an opportunity for anybody that has any questions about any specific open issues that can discuss those issues here that can get involved in helping to contribute to solve some of the issues that live in the support repo.

Tyler Wright: After that, a second part of our agenda is where we talk to usually there's members of the Akash insider community on the call and we see if there's any support themes that might be worth discussing here that may be happening in the Akash discord where a number of the builders live as well as some of the other ecosystems, Reddit, Telegram, etc.  where there might be AOS network users that might be asking specific questions. Again, if anybody has any specific items that they want to talk about feel free to drop them in the chat and we can make sure that we can discuss those. but as always I usually hand over to Scott who shares the screen and we go over any issues that are awaiting triage.

Tyler Wright: and then again anybody can discuss any other issues that are open in the support repo and then we'll jump into any other support related topics.

Tyler Wright: So without further ado, I'll kick it over to Scott to get us started.

Scott Carruthers: All right,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: thanks ay so this should be pretty quick in this iteration. at least the assignment of things that are awaiting triage. and of course we can discuss any other issues as well, but again just the awaiting triage issue should be pretty quick. so the first one we arrive at is a known issue that a pod restart deletes pull secrets. so about a year ago we introduced the capability of using private image repositories. and we've recently discovered exactly what the title says. If a pod restarts those secrets will be lost.

Scott Carruthers: so that wouldn't affect if the pod is deployed on the same node because the image is already downloaded at that point. But if the pod restarts and is scheduled on another node since the private repository secrets are lost we want to be able to pull that private image. so this is actually something that we will likely be announcing a fix for. Zeke, who's on the call, has been testing a release candidate this morning and has validation that some of this is fixed. so again, we're doing some more internal testing and some more internal communication. but once we move that release candidate to a new version, we'll be announcing it in the provider announcement channel and Discord.

Scott Carruthers: and we'll start to roll this out to any of the providers that we manage and recommending the community providers upgrade as so I'll take this out of a waiting triage and put it in the provider repository. and I guess I'll assign this to both Zeke and Artur as the ones that are Artur is writing the code adjustments and Zeke is doing the testing. I'll jump in if it's testing as well if necessary, but I think Zeke is covering this from a testing coverage perspective. Zeke or anyone else from the community.

Scott Carruthers: So, first of all, I guess I'll just ask from the community any questions or any need for further clarity on what this impacts or the nature of the fix. Zeke, anything that you wanted to add to this? I think it's pretty simple at this point that we are hoping to have a release soon that andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: release soon that will alleviate this and this is getting a lot of internal attention. So, I don't think there's anything else to add, but Zeke, anything that you want to add?

Zeke Ezagui: I think you explained it perfectly.

Zeke Ezagui: And like you said, we're testing a release candidate right now. It's looking very hopeful. So hopefully we'll get it rolled out very soon and fix this issue.

Scott Carruthers: All right. Thanks, Z. And if there's not any other questions in those regards, we'll move to the next item.

Scott Carruthers: So, as you may have seen when I initially pulled this up, there's just two that are awaiting triage, and the next one is actually website related. So, I don't think there's all that much that we need to discuss here. so the request to add a RSS feed to our website blogs. so again, don't really think there's all that much discussion necessary. If anybody wants to discuss anything more here, let me know. but if not I'll assign this to what is H's one


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Bold Panther or Human Q? H H H O There it is.

Tyler Wright: Human digital there. is this something that should even be in the support repo or should this be potentially moved to the website repo?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I would say this should definitely be moved to the website repo.

Tyler Wright: Okay, So, I might just make a comment on this and then close this and make a new issue in the website repo for this to be checked.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Okay, sounds good.

Scott Carruthers: I can't imagine there are, but just to open it up to the room any questions or concerns about this issue. And if so, that completes our to support review of things that are awaiting triage to make sure that all items are assigned. So, with that, I'll open it up to the room. Are there any existing issues that the community would like to discuss?

Scott Carruthers: Okay, go ahead then.

Benjamin B: Is this relating to some of the issues we might have seen as vanguards?

Scott Carruthers: I'm sorry I didn't catch that last part.

Benjamin B: Does this relate to the point of the call where we explain if we have seen any issues as a vanguard?

Tyler Wright: Not quite yet.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. Yeah. okay.

Benjamin B: Okay, I'll wait them. Thanks guys.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. This is just for pre-existing issues. So, any issues that currently live in support. Go ahead, Z.

Zeke Ezagui: So, we've touched on this issue for about the past two months. and I know that we've been fixing other things, but I believe it I'm trying to find the issue. it's 233. So, it's the whole exceeding character 63 characters for all of that. I just wanted to see if we wanted to provide any updates cuz I saw Deathless created a PR yesterday to the provider repo that addresses this issue. and there's a specific community member that keeps asking about it andâ€¦

Zeke Ezagui: so I just wanted to know if we wanted to provide any update, Scott or Arur.

Scott Carruthers: I don't think is Arer on this call.

Tyler Wright: No.

Scott Carruthers: No. yes. So, I think there's been some internal discussion around this. I don't know that we have sort of a solution going forward. I think our general solution would be to limit the length of known names,â€¦

Zeke Ezagui: I guess it's not.

Scott Carruthers: but obviously that's not an incredibly intelligent response path forward. So, I know there's been some discussion internally. I don't know that we necessarily have a solidified path forward.

Tyler Wright: I guess this next steps.

Scott Carruthers: Any other

Tyler Wright: I know Does Deathless PR have a potential solve to this issue? and maybe that could be something that could be reviewed over the next week or so or is like a workaround.

Zeke Ezagui: It's a workaround. So if this is more about GPU naming. I don't really care about the pod length. I think the general recommendation would be not have node names that long.

Zeke Ezagui: But if you scroll down in this issue, it talks about how GPUs can be affected too. and so yeah, I just wanted to make the community aware that basically we've talked about it internally. We haven't really come to a conclusion yet.  So any suggestions are welcomed.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. No,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: no. This is definitely primarily a GPU labeling issue and the length of labels. I mean, we somewhat control that in our GPU database. so that we could control excessively long length labels based on the fact that we're controlling those in the GPU database.

Zeke Ezagui: Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: But yeah, I don't really have anything else beyond that at this point.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: yeah, thanks for bringing that up, Z. so I'm not sure. Obviously, it's been a hectic last week with the network upgrade and some other issues. We can definitely ensure that this is getting attention internally. I think it's basically just a matter that we need to make a definitive direction on this. and I don't know that has happened. so we can definitely give it some intention again Any other issues that anyone would like to discuss? with that I will stop sharing my screen and hand it back to tower.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, much appreciate those that are getting involved with some of these issues and leaving comments in their respective issues. we'll make sure that some of the things that need, some feedback from members of the core team get that. So, again, really do appreciate that support. cool.  We're at the part of the agenda where we usually call upon Akash insiders and Vanguards to see if there's anything that deserves attention here. And right on cute. There he is.  Benjamin, take it

Benjamin B: Thank you, someone was referred to me and started DMing me a couple of days ago and he's a French developer who is trying to build out a web extension using chat or whatever it's a chat. But there is one big issue.  He doesn't speak native English. Do we have anything where he's able to present without joining a SIG or working group call and maybe be eligible for a bounty or what should we do? He only uses Google Translate from what I know.

Scott Carruthers: So, Tower, I guess it might be the first time that it's coming up, so we're not talking about written communication, but verbal. so if he wanted to come to a SEG and present his solution, and he's a non-English speaker, I don't know that we necessarily have a solution, but any thoughts?

Tyler Wright: My initial thoughts would be potentially to create a video demo and maybe use an AI tool that does some voice over that can be done in English and maybe even have just a French version that could be distributed in a specific channel. I think it seems like the work here is related to Kosh chat. So maybe we put it in the client's channel. and then we could try to do as much of it async as possible and we can also use a discussion as a place to again host that demo and we can do it there. I don't think we need to have them as part of the siger working group. I think just talking about it here, Benjamin is using you as a resource or maybe we'll do the same thing in SIG client so people are aware of it. that would be my best approach is again have them do like a video demo of what they're doing.

Tyler Wright: They can do a script that they can write in French and then have it translated to English and have a voice over using AI. I think they're 11 Labs or a number of other pools out there will make it easier for them to do that.  I know Roger has his hand up as

Rodri R: Yeah, I agree with you that that's a great idea. And the other thing they could do is ask a friend to translate for them in a cop.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think those are all great ideas. I'll definitely forward especially the AI voice over for the demo part. I also wrote to I babies who manages the new bounties program. But I think the best course of action is just creating that demo so we can seeâ€¦

Benjamin B: what is there and then the other ideas can be mostly in text I suppose.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I will say andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: maybe this is not the place to do it. but one thing I have been working with IE babies on and Adam is what the framework for I know we're calling it bounties now, but maybe we should call it community contributions because it's coming from the community support budget that those funds are intended for shortterm quick efforts. That's why we use, PC's that people are developing that get off the technical documentation. So very small efforts that take people a little bit of time and really are usually around a thousand no more than $2,000 per individual because we try to give it to a number of folks. there's I think a little bit of confusion right now of what the difference between a bounty ape and some of these other programs are.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: if so this effort seems like it would be slightly bigger than a bounty. It might fall in the same kind of window as the proposal from the group normal that's doing the public good indexer stuff where again they're asking for essentially $1300 $1,500 a month,  So it's really a smaller ask in comparison like 15,000.

Tyler Wright: I think that news should be something that comes from the community pool whereas again bounties are more for technical documentation smaller kind of items that take u contributors five to 10 maybe 15 hours or again it's p driven so I would drive them I would drive this group to do again a demo and continue on with their discussion  and look to get feedback and potentially put something on the community pool unless they need some smaller funds to again develop like a NVP or PC.  Go ahead, Benjamin.

Benjamin B: The issue for this person specifically is that he doesn't have the 1,00 to create the proposal and maybe he will try to include working up to that 1,000 so that he can create his proposal.

Benjamin B: I think that should be something that we should focus on within the bounties as well like being able to support someone to a proposal. I know that at one point the deposit was loaned to the city proposal for example.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I think that should happen outside of the support budget because ideally we would like way more contributions from people that are contributing to the growth of the network. And so I would like to use all that $10,000 for that.  But have them reach out to myself or have them reach out to me if they are having problems with coming up with funds and we could to put a proposal on chain and we could talk about that and maybe we can create some community program that just focuses on that. But I'm of the belief that that should not come from the bounties. but happy to have more conversations about that.

Benjamin B: Thanks, I win. Everyone

Tyler Wright: But Benjamin,â€¦

Tyler Wright: no, I do appreciate you being an ambassador and doing all the things you do in the Vanguard. So again, for this group and anybody, I would always say if there's a language barrier thing, they can always use an AI tool and just create a video demo. I think that would go a long way and just showcasing what they can do. and then if they need support credits to deploy or if they need funds to u get a proposal online then we can figure out a way to support them on that and maybe build a program if continues to start to build traction around that. But again appreciate you. Cool.

Tyler Wright: I just went off mic and it's back to me. is there anything else that insiders, Vanguards, or just folks on this call have seen in Discord or anywhere else in the community that might be worth this group having a follow-up conversation on or talking about on the record again, for anybody that wants to get more involved with the Akash network, there is a program called the AOSH Insiders which is a gateway to a number of other programs both paid contributions and unpaid contributions for folks that want to get involved with the Kosh network.

Tyler Wright: insiders do everything from again provide 24 by7 support in discord to do solutions engineers and a program called aos navigators. there's events based programs. There's just a number of ways for people that really believe in Akash and what's going on to contribute their skills and their abilities to help grow the community and help grow the project.  So on the website there's a form to fill out to join the Aash Insiders program. and that'll give you a specific role inside Discord. and then again there's a number of other supplemental programs that can be joined after that. again we've gone through any issues that are waiting triage.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: there should be some followup over the next day or so if not sooner around this new provider release candidate that again Zeke and others are actively testing that should be solving some provider related issues on the network. look out for updates there. again, I'll make sure that there's some followup on issue 233 that Deathless has put a PR with a workaround and just as Scott mentioned to start to get some definitive answers one way or the another on how we want to move forward and we can update this issue.

Tyler Wright: And again, if anybody sees anything else that they want to talk about between meetings, feel free to use the SIG support channel to ask questions, feel free to chime into any of the open issues and talk about how maybe you want to contribute to, ask questions, etc. but does anyone have anything else that they want to discuss today? If not, then I hope everyone has a great rest of your day. Scott, thank you as always for leading us. good to see everybody. looking forward to potentially a demo in English and French. I hope everyone has a great rest of the week, and we shall talk soon.

Zeke Ezagui: Appreciate it, Tyler.

Andrey Arapov: Make it on.

Tyler Wright: Appreciate you. Bye-bye.

oÃ¯clid: Live long andâ€¦

oÃ¯clid: prosper everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:22:17 ðŸ‘‹

