# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #43

## Agenda
- Triage of open issues in the support repository  
- Review of recent bugs and edge cases  
- Community feedback from Discord and other channels  
- Insider and Vanguard support themes  
- Final announcements and follow-ups

## Meeting Details

- Date:  April 16, 2025  
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://ri376ug3qwocff737d5vo7zukvhyeqmn6ce4gsdbyzttqfvqmoba.arweave.net/ijf_UNuFnCKX-_j7V380VU-CQY3wicNIYcZnOBawY4I)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Andrey Arapov  
- Rodri R  
- B S  
- Deathless  
- Eloise Hugo  
- Dimokus  
- Pavlo Dereniuk  
- Damir Simpovic  

## Meeting Notes

### Triage of open issues

- **Deployment shell fails with SHM in manifest**  
  - Issue: When `SHM` is included in the SDL manifest, users are unable to access the deployment shell.  
  - Affects both Akash Console and CLI, indicating a broader issue beyond just the UI.  
  - Scott Carruthers confirmed and reproduced the bug; testing is ongoing.  
  - Moved to the provider repository and assigned to Scott and Artur.  

- **GPU model misidentification due to vendor ID mismatch**  
  - A provider had multiple identical GPUs, but due to differing subsystem vendor IDs (10B0 vs. Nvidiaâ€™s standard 10DE), tools misreported or failed to report the GPUs.  
  - PSUTIL could not detect either GPU in this configuration.  
  - Andrey Arapov suggested kernel-level workarounds as a short-term measure but acknowledged a proper fix is needed.  
  - Rare but critical issue for mixed GPU environments.  
  - Moved to provider repo, assigned for future investigation.

- **Node reservation misreporting during deployment phase**  
  - Problem: Status endpoint incorrectly reports reserved GPUs on a node that does not receive the final deployment.  
  - Misreporting occurs between the bid and manifest phases.  
  - Andrey provided a walkthrough using a 3-node setup, showing the issue clearly.  
  - The bug could impact tools relying on reservation data and give misleading results during deployments.  
  - Assigned to Artur and Scott, added to provider repository.

### Community feedback

- **Issue with provider creation using RTX 4080 Super**  
  - Rodri R mentioned a user has been unable to create a provider for two months due to a GPU name length issue.  
  - Scott acknowledged this is a known issue. A fix is in progress or under internal discussion.  
  - Scott will follow up directly after the call.

- **Suspicious ETH mining GitHub link**  
  - Rodri R flagged a user post in the UG Mining channel promoting a testnet requiring ETH deposits.  
  - The code appeared suspicious and potentially malicious.  
  - Tyler agreed the link should be removed and flagged for review to prevent users from losing funds.

### Insider and Vanguard support themes

- Tyler reminded participants of the [Akash Insiders program](https://akash.network/community/akash-insiders/) and weekly insider calls.  
- Encouraged members to submit bugs, user experience feedback, and request features via Discord or GitHub.  
- Praetor support is ending; all provider-related inquiries should now be directed to the Akash Provider Console and relevant Discord channels.

### Final updates

- Tyler highlighted ongoing contributions by ecosystem teams, including those working on deploy/build console features and trusted execution environments.  
- Urged the community to participate in GitHub Discussions and SIG meetings to guide feature development and roadmap items.  
- The former Praetor Discord channel has been closed. New provider questions should go to the provider support or providers channel.

## Action Items

- Scott Carruthers  
  - Continue testing the shell access issue with SHM and publish findings.  
  - Follow up on GPU label naming bug and unblock affected provider user.  
  - Investigate node reservation bug and coordinate with Artur.

- Andrey Arapov  
  - Support internal discussion around GPU misidentification fix.  
  - Assist in verifying rare edge case behaviors when resources are mismatched by vendor ID.

- Tyler Wright  
  - Remove suspicious ETH mining GitHub link from UG mining channel.  
  - Direct users to new channels for provider support and share Akash Insider application links.  
  - Engage with contributors exploring new roadmap features.

- Community  
  - Monitor Discord and Telegram for emerging issues, scams, or support gaps.  
  - Encourage more users to report and discuss issues during SIG or via GitHub.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG support monthly meeting. It is April 16th, 2025. During the SIG support monthly meeting, the group oftentimes led by Scott from the core engineering team go through any open issues inside the support repo that need triaging. it's also a time for anybody that wants to discuss any other open issues inside the console repo. It's an opportunity for you to talk about those issues with members of the core engineering team. you ask questions about contributing to solving some of these issues.

Tyler Wright: Again, the support repo is where all issues related to the core codebase, whether they're in the provider node repo, or otherwise, Again, issues that are related to the Akash console live inside the console and so again, you can track issues and where they are and priority inside both those repos inside the Eclass network organization.  You can also see all the notes from past meetings inside the community repo. There's a specific area for SIG support and then again you can track previous meetings. I'll drop that in the chat for those that are listening in later.

Tyler Wright: Without further ado, I'll hand it over to Scott to triage any issues that are awaiting triage and then we can just have a discussion about any other open issues that anybody wants to discuss. And then the last part of the agenda is usually we hear from insiders vanguards andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: other members of the Akash community to talk about just support in Discord and other channels. But I'll hand it over to Scott. and take it away.

Scott Carruthers: Okay. â€¦

Scott Carruthers: so we have a obviously three issues awaiting triage. so I think they're pretty brief discussions. so a couple of these were open by Andy.  I'll go to the first one not open by Andy first and then we Andy might have some thoughts on the other two. so I actually wasn't aware of this issue until reviewing issues awaiting triage this morning but a user reported that they're unable to access the appointment shell if SS SHM is included in the manifest in the SDL.

Scott Carruthers: so I actually tested this a little bit this morning myself and still I'm in the middle of testing, but I validated that within AOS console you're unable to access the deployment shell if SHM is included. If you remove the same deployment with all the other tenants of the SDL being the same shell access isn't a problem. if we go to the bottom of this issue Arcter from the core team asked if this issue also exists from the CLI just to isolate it to a core issue. and I actually did some early testing from the CLI and it looks like the issue is also present on the CLI.

Scott Carruthers: So I haven't updated yet because I'm still doing some testing. But this doesn't look like this is console specific, but actually is a problem accessing the appointment shell if SHM is included whether it's from a Kach console. so again I need to do some updates. I was just testing when I came across this issue. so I'm going to take this out of the waiting triage and I'll put it in the provider repo and I'll assign this both to myself and her for now. Any questions or further thoughts on the nature of this issue? So again, this is just the ability to access the deployment shell if SHM is included.

Scott Carruthers: So, sure that that gets proper attention after the call. going back in and taking a look at new at what's awaiting triage. so again, Andy, these are the remainders are ones that you've recently opened. let's take the one on the top initially. So I'll take this out of O8 triage and put it into the provider repo. but this is something that's been discussed rather exhaustively internally where currently we're only support one type of GPU model on a certain host. you can support multiple GPUs on a provider but only a single on a specific host. that's a known limitation from the beginning of GPU introduction to Akos.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: The problem here is Andy discovered a provider it's actually the same GPU model but PC util reports them as different models. Andy, anything else you want to discuss on this issue?

Andrey Arapov: Basically just did what you said is when you have more than a single GPU on the server and it reports a different subsystem vendor ID as you can see 10B0 instead of the usual Nvidia vendor ID which is 10DE and in this case the tooling if you run provider services tools PST list GPU it wouldn't report none of  them for some reason. So that's the issue for this very case. I think as a workound the potential product could just block on the kernel level the GPU but this is just work around I mean you wouldn't be able to use the GPU. so yeah and we don't have currently bandwidth to really work on it as per Arthur.

Andrey Arapov: I was talking to him recently. But something that we will need to get solved one day because this kind of situation is quite rare and we hit it only last week.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, makes sense.  So, as I said initially, we know there's a limitation on only one GPU model per host, but this is as Andy said, a rare circumstance where essentially a single GPU model, but PSUIL reports them differently. so, yeah, obviously that could be an issue that we need to solve in the short term.

Scott Carruthers: 

Andrey Arapov: Yeah, It reports neither of them if they present both of them. I kind of feel it's a small bug to fix, but yeah, we don't have bandage right now to really look into it. If anyone is up for feel free and we can test this version on the server as long as we have the serverâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: because I asked this provider to actually replace those two GPUs. But yeah, we'll see.

Scott Carruthers: Does that issue make sense to anyone orâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: to everyone? Any further thoughts or discussion points on this?  And that leaves us with a single issue that's awaiting triage. so Andy, this issue has been open for a few weeks. I actually didn't have the opportunity to review this issue before the call. do you want to give some quick thoughts on the nature of this issue?

Andrey Arapov: It's been quite some time, 3 weeks ago.

Andrey Arapov: Do you see some updates there in the bottom of the issue? Maybe I dropped something like very very bottom.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that's the very bottom.

Scott Carruthers: So just based on the description, I know this is an issue that the status endpoint reports some anomalies when there's things in reservation.

Scott Carruthers: So I think that was the nature of the issue, but I haven't dug into it myself.

Andrey Arapov: So I mean okay just go to the top andâ€¦

Andrey Arapov: you will see It's very easy to understand this example walk through. So as you can see in initial state you can see you have three nodes and u let's say when you see after building starts node one gets reserved one of the GPU. So it says instead of six previously reported in initial state for the node one it has seven reserved GPUs.

Andrey Arapov: and when list gets accepted and after manifest is sent it gets deployed actually to the node two because if you can see in the initial state node two had only seven used GPUs and now node two has eight used GPUs after the list accepted and manifested is sent and node one gets released back to seven it will get released after a few seconds later to back to  six actually gets reservations cleared.

Andrey Arapov: So basically I mean it's not supposed to be showing that node one gets this reservation but node two because that's where it falls onto the GPU deployment because it doesn't really report it correctly as one would expect it can cause some potential issues where someone would want to reserve let's say eight full GPUs and because of this method of reporting it could


### 00:10:00

Andrey Arapov: give wrong numbers and if someone has some tooling which is relies on these numbers on this values it could impact this. so basically that's misleading node reservation during this bidding and manifest phases. So in simple words is before you would send manifest it would show node one gets reservation but actually it falls onto the other node. or could be node three, could be any other node because it depends how publ gets this deployment scheduled. So there's kind of this thing between how a cache provider sees this being scheduled versusâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay, that makes sense.

Andrey Arapov: how it actually be being scheduled on the cube layer.

Andrey Arapov: I'm not sure if it's actually possible to really solve it easily because as long as cube can report this information to the cut provider then maybe but I'm not sure because until the manifest is created maybe it actually can be that it's not possible but if it's not possible then there should be some other solution probably avoid this kind of temporary reservation reporting until the deployment gets deployed to the cub kubernetes I mean until the manifest gets sent and gets converted to kubernetes manifest.

Andrey Arapov: But yeah, this is something I noticed.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that this example is definitely clarifying andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: makes sense. so yeah, it clears a few seconds later, but yeah, it definitely could cause some issues. Okay, so I already saw that it was already assigned to Archer and I just took it out of the way triage and put it into the provider repo. does that issue make sense to any further discussion points on this or does that make sense to everyone? and if we go back and just do a quick sanity check, I believe that now completes our process of taking everything out of awaiting triage. so I think we're good on those issues.

Scott Carruthers: any further discussion points on the issues that we just discussed or it could be something that's not in awaiting triage currently. Any other issues that anyone wants to discuss? Go ahead, Rod.

Rodri R: Yeah, there's this user in Discord who has been trying to create a provider for maybe two months now. he has an R RTX 48 Super and if I'm correct I believe it was Sik who said that the issue is that he can't create the provider because for some reason the GPU provider name is being detected as too long or something wrong with the name in the GPU provider. I believe there has been an issue created for this.  He has been asking again if this has been fixed or if there's a way around it because he hasn't been able to create the provider.

Rodri R: He was trying to do it with Prader app but now I don't think he has tried it with console yet or not sure if we did but yeah apparently the last time CO I believe Sik said that it wasn't fixed not sureâ€¦

Rodri R: if there's a time frame of this etc all way

Scott Carruthers: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: there is definitely a existing issue for this. so, Yeah, understood. yeah, we definitely want to get that provider unblocked. So, I'll follow up as soon as this call is over. So, appreciate you bringing that to our attention, ri. There definitely is a known issue. So, yeah, we'll make sure to follow up. Any other issues or in discussion? If not, I'll stop sharing and head it back to Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Andre, for explaining again some of those other issues. again, we'll follow up about the naming issue. just as a reminder to anybody here for provider audit process again you can always go to the community repo inside the AOS network organization and then there is a template there for those that want to get provider audits after they've again built their provider.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: So, just as a reminder, that's something that, members of the core, engineering team are always monitoring and giving some feedback as folks are looking to spin up resources. But again, that issue aside, that's a known issue. and we'll follow up. thank you, Roger. It's also a perfect segue into the next part of the agenda. usually at this point, we see if there's anybody from again the Akash Insider community, or otherwise that has maybe seen some themes in Discord or in other channels in terms of users and support they've needed, or other themes that might be worth talking about with this group here.

Tyler Wright: So, just wanted to see if there's anything that anybody's seen in Discord or any user behavior recently that might be worth, highlighting here on this call in terms of issues user experience or otherwise that can be improved or optimized through again features, bug fixes, documentation, support, etc. Cool. All right. if not, then again, we'll continue to monitor Discord and other channels. If anybody sees anything that is maybe warrants a discussion between meetings please feel free to use the SIG support channel inside Discord.

Tyler Wright: again there's also a place for folks if anybody and I know there's going to be some additional promotion around this too soon but again for folks that want to get more involved in the community there is an AOSH insiders program and then again there is a weekly call with insiders where we talk about roadmap what's going on in the community alpha on some features and things being worked by different teams in the Akash ecosystem and beyond. So I'll drop a link to the Akash Insiders program for folks and again it's another way to get involved and help support other members of the community. I see a hand  Go ahead, Rogers.

Rodri R: Yeah. just maybe a possible issue. someone in the UG mining channel they wanted to start a test net and some mining stuff for a new token or coin and they shared a GitHub with this code and everything to start apparently the minor and the test net.  But in the code, I see that they request or require that you deposit some ETH to start actually mining the token with it, which is, I mean, super weird. I'm guessing that somewhere in there there's something that will steal that E or something.

Rodri R: I'm guessing maybe we should delete that in that link or not sure if someone wants to check if it's valid or not, but I don't think it's a valid mining stuff. And I did add that in the Discord maybe so that other users don't start using it or check it before they use it if maybeâ€¦

Rodri R: if it's valid.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. No,â€¦

Tyler Wright: thank you for bringing that up right here. I will look into that. and I think it does make sense for us to maybe not have that shared. yeah, follow I'm tracking that conversation the UG mining channel right now. thank you very much. any other related items that anybody wants to discuss whether it be on the deplo console or otherwise. One other note that I will drop in, there's previously been an ecosystem praor channel. I believe there was an intent now that praor is not being maintained anymore and everything is under the kosh provider console experience.

Tyler Wright: that channel will be I have closed that channel. and again if anybody has any questions related to provider console please push them to the direction of either the providers channel inside discord or there's also a provider support channel. so again if anybody has any questions about the provider console experience please direct them to that provider console support channel.  The other channel has been Any other support related topics that anybody on the call wants to discuss before I let you all go? If not then again there is a working group for the events 2025 later today run by Amanda. So feel free to join that.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: there's also a couple of active discussions for teams that are looking to contribute code to one team is looking to contribute to console with continued build and deploy experience. There's another team that's looking to work on a part of the roadmap that is around trusted execution environments. again those active discussions are up on GitHub. as well as either one team presented a followup at SIG clients yesterday. So again the recording will be made available soon and I think some changes will be coming towards their discussion. but there's also the team that's working on the trusted execution environments inside of Kosh network providers is going to be presenting a demo next week at SIG providers.

Tyler Wright: So I urge anybody that has an opinion about some of these projects and some of these feature additions again the network is always looking for teams and individuals that are looking to contribute especially around code whether it be solving issues and support repo or whether it be contributing to items that are on the road map that maybe the overclock labs core team doesn't have the bandwidth to work on.  So please get involved in those conversations so that we can continue to push some of those teams forward or push them in one direction or the other and continue to have a number of active contributors working on the growth of the cash network. If anyone has any questions feel free to reach out to me but again please get involved in those discussions which are available on the cash network Cool.

Tyler Wright: There's no other questions, comments, or otherwise. Again, appreciate Scott and Andre for going through issues or waiting triage. We'll follow up on some of these items with some members of the community, especially again the one that Rajie brought forth with the provider. and we'll do again I'm sure Scott will follow up with some additional items regarding one issue that is assigned to him and Archer that he was in the process of testing today. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. again feel free to ask any questions in the support repo and again hope everyone has a great day, great week and we'll talk soon.

Scott Carruthers: Nice.

Tyler Wright: Thank you everyone.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you. Byebye.

Rodri R: you guys.

Rodri R: Thanks. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:25:03 ðŸ‘‹

