# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #44

## Agenda

* Triage of pending issues in the support repository
* Updates on support repo cleanup and developer ownership
* Community engagement and contributions
* Akash Insiders and Navigators role overview
* Open floor and additional questions

## Meeting Details

- Date:  May 21, 2025  
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://2jvhijn5cwgdjkvb4y3bxvuycdqnl2oesj3toolttx2vlqowwbyq.arweave.net/0mp0Jb0VjDSqoeY2G9aYEODV6cSSdzc5c531VcHWsHE)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* Zeke Ezagui
* Adam Wozney
* Kenny R
* Rodri R
* Andrey Arapov
* Pavlo Dereniuk
* Benjamin B
* B S
* Dimokus
* Fenil Modi
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Support repository cleanup and developer ownership

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting with a recap of the SIG support format, which includes discussions on provider and node repos, and collaboration with insiders and console team members for core product support.
* Scott Carruthers reported that he and Zeke Ezagui are conducting a thorough cleanup of the support repository, closing stale or outdated issues.
* Over 20 issues have been closed so far, with several more expected in the coming weeks.
* If anyone disagrees with an issue closure, they are encouraged to reach out, comment, or reopen the issue directly.
* Scott and Zeke will also begin taking direct development ownership of certain long-standing issues in the support repo.
* Luna, a new core engineering team member, has joined and will also contribute to resolving older tickets.
* The increased capacity is expected to accelerate issue resolution and improve support repo response times.

### Triage of issues

* Only one issue was awaiting triage at the time of the meeting: support for ARM 64 processors on the Akash Network.
* Though technically feasible today, certain elements like bid engine adjustments and attribute plumbing still need to be addressed.
* Luna has been tentatively assigned to this issue to explore necessary changes, leveraging prior experimentation with ARM 64 deployments.
* The issue was moved to the provider repo for follow-up.

### Community engagement and developer contributions

* Tyler encouraged participants to share SIG support issues with Go developers in their networks who are looking for ways to contribute to the Akash ecosystem.
* The support repo and SIG meetings are open and accessible, making it easier for external contributors to begin collaborating.
* Scott emphasized that ongoing improvements in the support repo depend on both internal team work and contributions from the broader community.

### Insider and Navigator support themes

* Tyler acknowledged the ongoing support provided by Akash Insiders and Vanguards, especially on Discord and GitHub Discussions.
* He highlighted the role of Akash Navigatorsâ€”solution engineers who provide in-depth guidance to users deploying large-scale workloads or building on the AOS network.
* Users needing more personalized help should be referred to the Navigators channel or directed to Tyler directly for support coordination.

### Contributions process clarification

* Kenny R asked about the relationship between the SIG Support channel and the broader Contributions channel.

* Tyler clarified that if someone wants to work on a support repo issue that requires significant time or effort, they should:

  * Comment on the issue directly
  * Share the issue link in the Contributions channel
  * Collaborate with Marissa, Tyler, or others to determine whether the work qualifies for a smaller contribution (< \$5,000) or a larger community pool-funded effort

* All contributions should be documented through GitHub, and contributors are encouraged to engage via Discord to ensure visibility and collaboration.

### Closing remarks

* Tyler thanked all attendees, including Insiders and Vanguards, for their ongoing efforts to support Akash users.
* He reminded everyone of upcoming meetings including the steering committee and working group sessions.
* Encouraged continuous engagement on Discord and GitHub and welcomed new contributors.

## Action Items

* Scott Carruthers

  * Continue the issue cleanup initiative with Zeke in the support repository
  * Assign and oversee development for ARM 64 support issue in the provider repo
  * Assist Luna with attribute and bid engine modifications related to ARM processors

* Zeke Ezagui

  * Participate in ongoing triage and cleanup of outdated issues
  * Take on development work for selected long-standing issues

* Tyler Wright

  * Promote SIG Support as an entry point for contributors proficient in Go
  * Coordinate contributions that may qualify for funding through the Contributions channel
  * Refer advanced user cases to the Akash Navigators for tailored deployment support


* Kenny R and Community Members

  * Encourage Go developers to get involved through SIG meetings and GitHub
  * Monitor Discord and GitHub Discussions for support gaps or stale questions


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG support.

Tyler Wright: T5. thank you to all those that have joined us today. During SIG support the group gets together to discuss all things related to the support repo. This is all things related to the core engineering. So we cover in the provider repo. We cover things in the node repo. and just things again core to the product of the AOS network blockchain and marketplace. again things related to actually the backend bones of the blockchain we discussed in SIG chain along with validated relations but again things here that we discuss or anything related to again rider rep node repo oftent times members of the console team join and if there's anything that needs support in terms of the console we discuss that as well.

Tyler Wright: After that we usually call upon insiders in the community. Akash insiders is a again voluntary program for Akash ambassadors. These are people that are really on the front lines of helping others get involved u new and existing users using the network. there's a number of programs inside the Akash insiders.  But again we get some input from Akash insiders about support inside Discord which is the Akash network builders kind of communications channel as well as other channels. So again if anybody has anything specifically that they want to talk about feel free to drop in a note. but how we'll start today is as we always do, I'll hand it over to Scott and he'll lead us through triaging of any issues awaiting triage.

Tyler Wright: And I know that there's been a consistent effort from members of the core engineering team, led by Scott and Zeke and some others to really do an overhaul of the entire support repo because I think as of last week or two weeks ago was five years of this support repo

Tyler Wright: being open kind of taking in issues for the Kosh network. So, I'll hand it over to Scott. Feel free to take it away.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, Sar.

Scott Carruthers: Yes, that's actually an interesting place to start. So, to drill into that a little bit, Zeke and I have been going through efforts. We typically get together every couple of days and try to review maybe 10 issues each session. So, we're closing out a lot of stale issues.  Obviously, it would behoove everyone for the support repo and related issues to only be so, we've been able to close out a lot of things that have already been handled by new code introduced over the last five years. There's other things I would say that we're taking the approach that we're trying to close out anything that is stale.

Scott Carruthers: but if it's stale, but it's also still highly re relevant, we won't close it. So, yeah, I think we're taking the approach that we want to do a lot of house cleaning. and I think going into yesterday, Zeke estimated that we had closed out 20 issues. We closed out a couple yesterday. So, that will continue over time.  So, if anyone sees that activity happening in the repo and you have an issue that you have some ownership with and have disagreement that it was closed or would like some explanation, obviously, please reach out to us or just have request the issue or reopen the issue yourself. But, again, I think it'll boohoo everyone to do considerable amount of cleanup.

Scott Carruthers: Also another thing I would add in those regards Zeke and I are also going to start taking more active ownership from a development perspective of a number of issues. so myself as part of the core engineering team and one of the developers on the team and Zeke also is starting to get a lot of knowledge of the codebase and has some go coding skills.

Scott Carruthers: so we're actually going to take ownership of some of the issues as well. So maybe some of the long outstanding issues that the community have been asking for I think we're going to start to see checked off a little bit quicker. some of the people on the team like Arter are obviously introducing new features and have their heads down on working towards those new features. so now I think as the team grows we also have Luna joined us on our core engineering team. So we now have more resources.  So, we're hoping that a lot of the issues from a development perspective are going to start to get a lot more attention. So, I think there'll be a lot of improvements in the upcoming months. With all that being said, just to go through the process that we normally go through, this is actually going to be very quick today and obviously we will take questions as well.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: but if we look as we traditionally do at items awaiting triage, I looked at this coming into the call and we only have a single issue awaiting triage. and this is from a high level introducing 64 processors and related providers onto the Akash network. This is something that's been talked about for a long time but hasn't really had much progress. we actually talked about this not because of this issue but just purely coincidentally in a core engineering internal sync yesterday. and I believe that the direction for this is something that again one of our new developers Luna who many in the community are familiar with I believe is going to take this issue on. I'm not 100% sure that Luna is going to be the person working on this.

Scott Carruthers: but regardless, I'm going to take this out of a waiting triage and put it into the provider repo. and just to do some initial assignment, I'm going to assign it to Luna. And if he's not the person working on it, we can talk about it further. We also talked about internally. There's really nothing to prevent someone with a AR 64 processor from bringing those resources onto the network. Currently, it will  I think Ash Luna has done some experimentation with this and didn't have any issues when trying to create a R64 provider but there's some other things in the codebase with attributes and bit engines and things like that that we have to also tackle.

Scott Carruthers: So while this theoretically is possible today, there's definitely some plumbing that we need to do to make this all again and again adjust the bidding engine and attributes and things of that nature to fully support. so I think Luna will be looking more at that soon and has some prior experience. Any questions or thoughts or concerns on this item? Okay.

Scott Carruthers: And with that, if we now go back to issues and we look for things that are awaiting triage, I don't believe we'll see anything at this point. So, we've completed our normal exercise on making sure that there's nothing unassigned. any questions on we'll just open floor if there's any issues that weren't covered in this assignment process, but any other issues that anyone from the community wants to discuss, we can take those questions If there aren't any or maybe some will come up later in the conversation, but with that pretty quick today.

Scott Carruthers: So, Tyra, I'll hand it back to you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Again, as always stated, this repo is publicly available. as changes get made by members of the core engineering team, and as issues start to get tackled by members of the core engineering team, again, folks are going to be able to track that progress. this is as a reminder and this goes for folks maybe they don't have the abilities themselves but they can point people in this direction. Again if you see anybody in the community that has knowledge of go and is looking for ways to contribute.

Tyler Wright: I would always point them in the direction of the documentation and then the SIG support repo because there are a number of issues in the support repo that folks from the community can participate in contributing to solutions.  So, as Scott mentioned, this is something that the core engineering team, as it continues to grow, is going to be focusing on, a little bit more as opposed to just continuing to, keep the network stable, do some testing of P1 issues and really critical items. and then continue to add features that the community is looking for and focus on that.

Tyler Wright: But also again as the Overclock Labs core team continues to grow it is our goal to continue to knock out some of these issues and support repo and we ask that there's other teams or individual contributors in Discord or in the ecosystem that are looking for ways to get involved and they have some go knowledge again please push them to this six support monthly meeting the six support channel in Discord or to look at the support repo in general.  look at issues that are open and see if they can start to leave comments, ask questions, provide, potential solutions, and then again be assigned that Any questions about any open support issues that maybe have previously been triaged or any other support issues that anybody wants to talk about before we move into other parts of the agenda?


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then again, please always feel free to use the SIG support public channel as a way to ask questions about any open issues. You can also leave a comment in that specific issue and then again call it out to members of and members of the core team to provide some additional context if needed.  And then again, if you can point people in the direction that you see that are go, maybe they're looking for a job, maybe looking for to contribute because they really believe in the cash network, please point them in the direction of six support. because again, there's so many ways for people to earn and contribute right All right.

Tyler Wright: At this part of the agenda, I usually see if there's anybody on the call, an insider or otherwise that maybe have anything that they've seen in Discord they've seen on social media elsewhere in terms of user support issues with the product that may be worth discussing, issues with the community and the ecosystem that may be worth discussing. so again, at this point, I'll open up to any insiders or anybody in the community that might maybe have seen some support shortcomings in Discord or elsewhere or some themes related to setting up a provider, using console, the CLI or otherwise that might be worth discussing with this larger group.

Tyler Wright: All right, I'll take people's silence as things have been pretty normal in Discord and other channels and there's nothing out of the ordinary that's worth calling out at this point in terms of behavior amongst new and existing users. I see some thumbs up to that gard. All right, perfect. again, I do want to shout out the insiders again for all their support for Vanguards, for all the support that they provide inside discord to new and existing users. just a reminder to all those again on the support front there is a group inside the Akos insiders program called the Akos Navigators.  These are solutions engineers types that be beyond just the work that the Vanguards do of providing 24 by7 support in Discord.

Tyler Wright: these folks are kind of do more handholding and white glove service for folks that are trying to integrate with folks that are trying to deploy kind of larger workloads and trying to build businesses that leverage the AOS network the group the AOS navigators is a resource for folks that maybe need a little bit more hold handholding.  So again, if there's anybody that you see in Discord or any other channels that is looking to deploy an AOSH and they maybe come into Discord or otherwise and they need some handholding and they're looking to deploy, larger workloads or looking to understand a little bit more, please feel free.

Tyler Wright: I think there's an Akash navigators channel inside the discord channel or you can ping me Tyler core team and we can help bring again one of those Akash navigator solutions engineers to help support them.  But again, must appreciate the Vanguards and other insiders and other members of the community that are always answering questions inside of Discord, inside of discussions in GitHub and elsewhere for folks that are asking questions about the AOS network. All right. again, Scott went through triaging all issues that are awaiting triage inside the support repo.

Tyler Wright: we opened it up to anybody that had any questions about any open issues. It seemed like things are all good there. Again, just reiterating, I think there's a couple folks that have joined. If there's anybody in the community that is talking about, they're good at go, or they go proficient, please point them in the direction of the Akash documentation and then the SIG support and the  Please have them join us the SIG support channel and discord and introduce themselves because there's a number of ways for people to contribute right away in terms of again helping solve some of the issues related to the node provider repo that you see in the support repo inside the AOS network GitHub.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else support related that anybody wanted to discuss here today? Cool. If not, then let you all go again.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate someone's unmuted. Is that Kenny? Perfect. Go ahead. Yes. So the contributions channel is the overarching channel for all contributions on the Akos network.

Kenny R: So I had a question.

Kenny R: So there's also the contributions channel.  So, how does that tie in with the six support?

Tyler Wright: I am speaking on behalf of the contributions channel when I'm talking about some of these efforts. So all of them would feed up into a support issue.

Tyler Wright: if that contribution that as an example maybe you want to take on a support issue in the support repo and it may involve a little bit more effort than is typically warranted for some of the community contributions then myself Marissa or others might facilitate a way for you to put up a commu discussion and then it might be a community pool proposal right because some of these contributions to support repo some of the issues might  take five hours of coding. Others might involve a little bit longer of implementation. so I would say the first thing to do would be to look at any issues in support repo. If there's something that you think you can solve, then leave a comment on that issue.

Tyler Wright: you can put it in the contribution section and tag that group and then again that group will be able to determine if it's something that's worthy of a community support contribution which there's a budget for or if it's something that might be a little bit larger of an effort. and then again there's a number of ways to support you being able to earn appropriate funds for your contribution. Does that make any sense?

Kenny R: All right.

Kenny R: Yeah, makes sense.

Tyler Wright: So I would just say high levelâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if there's something that you want to do in the support repo comment on it and then drop a link to that comment in that support issue ticket in the community contributions area andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: then somebody will support you determining whether or not again it'll be a smaller contribution which is less than $5,000 or if it'll be a larger effort that maybe you would get community pool funds for. Excellent. Any other questions, comments, or topics anybody wants to discuss in terms of support issues, support in Discord, other channels, or anything else support related? Yes. All right, y'all.

Kenny R: Okay, that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: again, we'll meet in a month. again, I believe there's a working group for the events happening later today. Steering committee is happening next week on Thursday. I'm sure there's a number of other segments in between. So again, appreciate all the insiders, vanguards, members of the community, folks listening in later. please continue to stay up tod date and stay very very much present on all the things happening in Discord. We'd love to have these conversations during the sick support. Love to get more people involved in contributing to solving some of the issues. yeah and we'll just see you all soon. Hope everyone has a great day. Thank you all very much. Bye-bye.

Scott Carruthers: That's everyone.

Kenny R: Look at the run.


### Meeting ended after 00:20:54 ðŸ‘‹

