# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #45

## Agenda

* Review and triage of open issues in the support repository
* Updates on Protobuff support requests for new languages
* Console repo contributions and PR opportunities
* Review of support themes emerging from Discord
* Community participation and contribution funding
* Announcements: Akash Accelerate and upcoming SIG sessions

## Meeting Details

- Date:  June 18, 2025  
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- Recording: Coming Soon 
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* AMerePotato
* Fenil Modi
* Kenny R
* Ted Mosby
* Damir Simpovic
* Deathless

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and Context

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting with a thank-you to participants for flexibility due to rescheduling from overlapping Akash Accelerate preparations.
* Explained the recurring structure of SIG Support meetings: triage support issues, review community feedback, and promote contributor engagement.
* Acknowledged AMerePotato's role in managing the contributions program and encouraged contributors to reach out for opportunities to get involved with support or console issues.

### Issue Triage and Language Support

* Scott Carruthers presented two support issues related to adding **Python** and **PHP** support to Akash's Protobuff API directory.

  * Python support was acknowledged as useful and more common.
  * PHP support was seen as niche but acceptable.
  * Both issues were reassigned from ‚Äúawaiting triage‚Äù and placed in the Akash API repo.
  * Initial assignment made to **Luna**, a new team member currently working on the API.
* Scott confirmed that these tasks are relatively simple for those familiar with Protobuff and contributors are welcome to assist, pending communication with the assigned core team member.

### Community Contribution and Clarification

* AMerePotato asked whether contributors could assist with the Python Protobuff task.

  * Scott encouraged contributions and advised syncing with Luna to avoid duplicating efforts.
  * Tyler emphasized that contributions to these tasks could be funded, and contributors should reach out via Discord or GitHub issues.
* Scott also reminded contributors to reach out to him if they are unable to connect with Luna.

### Console Repo Feedback and PR Discussion

* Fenil Modi raised a console-related issue he opened two weeks prior and asked for guidance.

  * Scott confirmed the issue was acknowledged and positively received by the console team.
  * Encouraged Fenil to go ahead with submitting a PR.
* Tyler added guidance on exploring GitHub project boards for both client and core teams.

  * Items marked "up next" are often ideal starting points for community contributions.
  * Contributors were encouraged to leave comments, suggest designs, and collaborate with maintainers.

### Open Discussion and Discord Themes

* Tyler invited participants to raise any unresolved support or console issues or trends noticed in Discord.

  * No specific Discord-based support issues or recurring themes were raised during the call.
  * Tyler noted this suggested support activity is functioning well, with vanguards and insiders providing effective coverage.

### Announcements and SIG Scheduling

* Tyler reminded attendees of **Akash Accelerate** taking place Monday, June 23rd, with watch parties hosted by Akash community leaders around the world.
* Upcoming SIG and working group meetings next week include:

  * SIG Clients (Tuesday)
  * SIG Docs (Wednesday)
  * SIG Providers (Wednesday)
  * SIG Analytics (Thursday) ‚Äì multiple dashboards and a block explorer proposal will be discussed for community pool funding.
* Tyler encouraged participation in these groups, highlighting documentation and analytics as viable areas for non-developer contributions.

## Action Items

* **Scott Carruthers**

  * Assign Python and PHP Protobuff generation issues to Luna.
  * Encourage contributors to coordinate before duplicating work.
  * Monitor contributor PR submissions and remain available for clarification.

* **Tyler Wright**

  * Promote Akash contribution opportunities across Discord and GitHub.
  * Provide guidance on using project boards and identifying suitable tasks for community members.
  * Highlight upcoming SIGs and encourage broad community involvement.

* **AMerePotato**

  * Reach out to Luna regarding the Python Protobuff issue before starting a contribution.
  * Participate in SIG Clients for updates on AkashJS and frontend contributions.

* **Fenil Modi**

  * Submit a PR for the accepted console issue following feedback from the console team.

* **All Participants**

  * Watch for new issues in Discord or GitHub that may require triage or discussion.
  * Explore community contribution pathways including documentation, SDKs, and analytics dashboards.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: Good morning We'll wait another couple of minutes for some folks to join and then we can get started.

Tyler Wright: good morning to everybody. we'll wait just another 30 seconds to a minute and then we'll get started. I know some folks may not be able to join today that are usually here. but we've already started recording and transcribing for the benefit of everybody.  So, I guess we'll wait another 30 seconds and then we'll get started.

Tyler Wright: All Can everyone hear me? I'm outside right now. So, I just want to make sure I'm here. That's fun. All again, welcome everybody to SIG support monthly meeting. It's June 18th, 2025. thank you all and the community for all the flexibility around scheduling these next couple of weeks. Obvious obviously with the Kosh accelerate and a number of another items from members of the community, the core team, there's been a lot of movement of the special interest group and working group scheduled. we wanted to keep this six support meeting this week because there's just so many meetings happening next week. but I know that some folks that are normally here couldn't make it today.

Tyler Wright: So, we'll keep this recording and make sure that people can follow up. I do want to make a special shout out to obviously we'll go through our typical agenda where we'll, look at any issues in the support repo that are awaiting triage. Again, just as a reminder, the support repo is where all code related to the core blockchain and no repo the provider repo lives.  Sometimes we talk about issues in the console repo as well in your six support call. Following that there might be members of the community in the Aash insiders, vanguards, etc. that might have some insights related to builders in Discord and other parts of the Aash ecosystem that might have questions that might be worth creating an issue or updating documentation etc.

Tyler Wright: So, we always save time to see if there's anything in discord that might need a theme. I do want to shout out air potato here who manages the contributions program. Again, with any issues that are in the console repo, there are opportunities and a need for members of the community to get involved in some of those issues.  Obviously, there's different levels of complexity and there might be some additional context that contributors need, but again, for those that want to get involved in kind of contributing to solving some of the issues or maybe we discussed today or you see the support repo, there are contribution funds available for those that want to support.

Tyler Wright: So, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Amir Potato, I eat babies on Discord, or myself, Tyler 14, to see how you can get more involved. With that being said, I will hand it over to Scott, to, go over any issues that are waiting for you as parents. Yeah, feel free to take it away.

Scott Carruthers: All right, thanks so I just shared my screen. I believe everybody can see it. So this is actually going to be a pretty quick exercise today at least going through things that are awaiting triage. But happy to cover any other issues that we're not going to cover. But again, we'll start the process by just going through anything that's not currently assigned. and as you can see on my screen, if I go into awaiting triage, we actually only have a couple of issues and they're very relational. so I'll just cover one and I can just do the assignment for the other in the back end. but as you can see, this is a support for the Protobuff definitions and the AOSH API directory. so currently we Go of course the default language.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: and what the core bases programmed in and also we support typescripts which was necessary for our console team's use. So these two issues that are awaiting triage are for some additional language support specifically Python and PHP. definitely understand the need for Python. PHP is a little bit surprising but it's not necessarily an issue.  But I'm just going to take these out of awaiting triage and put them in the gosh repo API and take a waiting triage off. and then I'm just going to do some assignments. I think I'm going to initially assign these to one of our new team members Luna who is working on the API substantially.

Scott Carruthers: So I'm going to take it out of a wait and triage put it in the AOS API and assign Luna. and anyone that's familiar with Protobuff, this is a rather simple exercise. so if we go into the AOS API and we can just do a code generation for other languages. so should be a pretty simplistic task. so that's really all there is in awaiting triage. I'll go back and do the same thing for PHP. but while I'm doing that, I think I just saw a no possibly wanted to cover another issue as well. why just finish up this housekeeping? Can that person come off of mute anyone that wants to discuss another issue just raise your hand and we can discuss. go ahead.

Scott Carruthers: M potato.

AMerePotato: I just dropped one in the chat. I'm wondering if you guys can let me know what the status of that is. Yes.

Scott Carruthers: I can So I just got done with that issue assignment. So let me go in and bring up the link that you shared.  So this is regarding a refactoring. Yeah. So unfortunately I can Tyler and I can definitely reach out and ensure the issue is updated. I don't really have updates to that myself. So the ATASJS library is primarily maintained by our front-end team and our console developers. so I actually

Scott Carruthers: have not heard any recent progress on a costjs I kind of doubt but just asking do you have any updates in those regards

Tyler Wright: As I understand it, this is a kind of bigger effort that will be ongoing as it pertains to the milestone in the support repo that is Akos version 1.0. I know AOSJS as Scott mentioned has been heavily used by the front-end team and other teams in the community that are building clients.  It seems as if the future plan is to improve the AOSH API and refactor the AOSJS into maybe a chain SDK that the console team is working on so that it's easier for projects to integrate. and I think JS will continue to exist for some things.

Tyler Wright: but again if there's any specific items that community members want to get involved with I would say it'd be the next best step would to be determine what the shortcomings of AOSJS are right now from a contributor standpoint and then start to draw out a potential tech spec on how to kind of implement any of those issues. so again the long and short of it I think this is part of a bigger effort that will touch again the chain SDK the kosh API and the koshjs.

Tyler Wright: But if anybody wants to contribute in the meantime while some of those things are kind of blocked right now by various other efforts I would say I would suggest that folks make recommendations on‚Ä¶

AMerePotato: Okay.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: how they would like to improve ajs in the comments and then start to draw out potential again solutions that we can discuss whether it's in this meeting we can discuss next week and s clients that would be my best approach to move forward and

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that last suggestion might be a good idea and‚Ä¶

AMerePotato: Okay,  Thank you.

Scott Carruthers: six clients. So obviously our front-end developers and the client developers so basically our Kosh console development team should be on that client SIG.  So that might move potato if you' that might be a excellent forum to join Sig clients and get an update from our front-end developers during that session. And so with that as you can see I now web back in and using the awaiting triage filter.

Scott Carruthers: we just had those two simplistic issues for the protobuff PHP and Python code generation. so I've taken those out of a waiting triage. So we're clean as far as a assignment perspective. Are there any other issues that we haven't touched on that anyone would like to discuss? Is there any matters of discussion outside of open issues that anyone wants to discuss? let's go back to Amir Potato. I'm not sure who raised their hand first, but let's go back to a potato first. Yep.

AMerePotato: So I did see that you assigned the Python one to Mr. Luna. Is that something that say a contributor could assist in or do you think really?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, absolutely. So any open issues you could definitely create a PR and submit and the team will review. So yeah, you could definitely contribute to that.

AMerePotato: So, I should contact Mr. Luna then.

Scott Carruthers: You could touch base with Mr. Luna and tell him that I see this issue and that you're currently assigned and I was going to do some work in these realms and submit a PR and just make sure that you guys aren't working on the same thing. yeah,‚Ä¶

AMerePotato: Okay, thank you.

Scott Carruthers: that would be fine. Also, if you have any trouble reaching Mr. Luna or you want to discuss that further, you can definitely reach out to me. But yeah, it would probably be a good idea to touch base with the core team before getting started just to make sure that you're not duplicating efforts. but yeah, we would obviously love for the community to contribute in those spaces. So yeah, would love that. All right. Sure. Fennel, I'll go to you next.

Fenil Modi: So basically I have created one issue in a console repo. I have set the issue name in chat box. I think we can chat about the thing.

Scott Carruthers: I'm sorry. I wasn't able to get all that.

Scott Carruthers: Tyler not. So I believe you there is an issue related to console. but that's pretty much all that I got.

Fenil Modi: Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: Is the link that you dropped is that related Okay.

Fenil Modi: Yes. Yes.

Scott Carruthers: So I'm just bring Okay.

Tyler Wright: It is that issue complete and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: you've submitted a PR or is that something that's still a work in progress or you just asking about it?

Fenil Modi: No, I'm still asking about that thing. We should work on that thing or not. Actually, I didn't work on that thing right now.

Scott Carruthers: So, yeah, this is an issue that was open in the console repository, which is the right place. so yeah, it looks like the console team,‚Ä¶

Fenil Modi: Nothing. Yes.

Scott Carruthers: this is open two weeks ago. before I say that, just let me look. Is there so actually there was a response from the council. So, the person that responded, two weeks ago saying, "Great suggestion is one of our senior developers on the console team." I know that the console team is rather backlog right now. So, I would assume where this stands is they agreed that this was a great suggestion. but I haven't had a chance to look at it further. So, is this something that you were actually going to create a PR for or were you looking for the core console? Okay.

Fenil Modi: 

Fenil Modi: Yes. I'm

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I would definitely proceed our core team responded that it was a great suggestion. So, yeah, I definitely encourage submitting a PR when you're ready.

Scott Carruthers: You have your hand up. I'm not sure if that's intentional.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: No, I was just going to add to both these conversations, the one that Mir Potato had and again Scott made a great suggestion that if there's somebody already assigned to it, just check in with them just to make sure just to see where they get additional context context on the work. But this is open for anybody contribute and please feel free to get more involved I would also recommend again there's a project boards inside GitHub there's one for the client engineering team and one for the core you can look at what's in progress and items that are currently in progress are more often than not taken on by the core team unless otherwise assigned so again if you want to get more involved there's a number of issues that are in up next on the backlog


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: s that have already been kind of specked out that folks can again ask questions, leave comments, design solutions and conribute. So just want to share that again and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: All right.

Tyler Wright: just echo what Scott was saying.

Scott Carruthers: And if there's no other and if there is feel free to raise your hand anytime during this session. We happy to cover any other issues.

Scott Carruthers: But we've now gone through the exercise of ensuring that there's nothing awaiting triage and that all issues have assignment or in associated with the proper repository.  We've also gone over any additional issues that the community had questions on. So like I said, if any others come up, feel free to raise your hand at any point. But with that, Tyler, I'll hand it back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott.

Tyler Wright: between meetings, always feel free to use these issues as places to leave comments, ask questions, get involved. The six support channel and Discord as another place you can link to some of these issues and get feedback from other members of the community and the core team. So, really excited to continue to get more folks involved, asking questions, because that can impact the improving documentation, etc. but just like getting involved and contributing. So really looking forward to seeing more of it. Again before we move on the second part of the agenda, just want to make sure that nobody has anything else either support issues related or console issues related that they want to discuss before we move on. All right.

Tyler Wright: second agenda item that we usually cover on a monthly bas basis is just again seeing if there's any other support themes inside of Discord, the main builder channel, or any other channels that might be worth not sure if anybody has seen people have more issues with deployments, more issues with maybe deploying AI or web hosting, but just wanted to see if there's any insiders vanguards or anybody else on the call that maybe wants to discuss any themes in Discord or elsewhere that might be worth noting on the support side.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing, I'll assume that things are pretty standard right now. Again, the Vanguards, the gosh, insiders, ring masters, everything is kind of going as it should. And the Vanguards are providing kind of 24 by7 support when there's nothing seemingly out of the ordinary.

Tyler Wright: All just want to see if there's anything else support related that anybody wants to discuss at this time. All right. If not, again, I'll just remind folks about a cash accelerate Monday, June 23rd. Again, there will be a number of live events. we'll live from New York.  And so if you're in the area, feel free to join if you haven't registered already. there's a number of watch parties happening all over the world. Shout out to again the ring masters and other members of the AOS insider community for kind of spearheading that next week with AOS accelerator on Monday. There are a couple of other conversations or SIG the working groups that have been moved.

Tyler Wright: So again, SIG clients, which is a bimonthly meeting, will be happening Tuesday. and then Wednesday there is SIG docs, which happens not less regularly. So again, if anybody has any questions or they're looking for another way to get involved, again, besides technical contributions, you could always contribute to, improvements to the writing new documentation if there's any place that needs documentation.  So again, we'll meet in SIG docs next week as well as SIG providers next Wednesday and finally SIG analytics following that. So it'll be a busy week on the SIG analytics side. There's a couple of teams that are looking to share dashboards. So they want to get community pool support for as well as a block explorer from the capitalization number of opportunities to get involved, contribute. Anyone have any other questions, comments?


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: or anything else they'd like to discuss before I let y'all go. All right, everybody. Much appreciate the conversation today. Scott, thank you as always for leading us through issues awaiting triage and the support repo. Hope everyone had their great rest of their day. Looking forward to seeing some folks live or just connecting with some folks over the next couple weeks related to support issues. etc. hope everyone has a great rest of their day. again thank you for your participation today and we shall talk soon. Please again always feel free to leave comments, questions and issues and fight to contribute So again the core team is always looking for contributors. So please make your voice heard and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone. Thank

Tyler Wright: get involved. Thank you all. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day.


### Meeting ended after 00:23:45 üëã

