# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #46

## Agenda

* Triage of support repository issues
* Cross-namespace communication implementation
* Update on SDK47 upgrade timeline and impacts
* gRPC support for tenant deployments
* Community contribution opportunities
* Support themes and community feedback

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 16, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* AMerePotato
* Andrey Arapov
* Kenny R
* Pavlo Dereniuk
* Jannick Haus
* Rodri R
* Hauwa Ibrahim
* B S
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and Overview

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting, welcomed participants, and outlined the structure.
* Emphasized the role of the support repo in tracking core codebase issues.
* Noted AMerePotato‚Äôs ongoing involvement in connecting contributors to support issues.
* Explained that the meeting would begin with triaging open issues and then open the floor to community-raised concerns.

### Support Repository Triage

* Scott Carruthers confirmed only one issue awaiting triage: cross-namespace communication between distinct Akash deployments.
* Explained the issue originated from a customer use case and can be mitigated through hairpin routing, though this is not reliable across all provider topologies.
* The proposed fix is to enable owners to directly communicate across namespaces through Kubernetes routing by implementing it in the provider codebase.
* Scott removed the issue from ‚Äúawaiting triage‚Äù and assigned it to Shimpa in the provider repository, who is already investigating a code-based solution.

### SDK47 Upgrade Status

* AMerePotato asked about the SDK upgrade status and its effect on language support for Akash API.
* Scott stated SDK47 upgrade is still in progress and expected to go live in a testnet within the week.
* Final upgrade projected for August, after which support for additional languages (like Python and PHP) in Protobuff generation could proceed.

### Community Contribution on Stale Issues

* AMerePotato raised issue #118 from 2023 regarding gRPC support for tenant deployments and asked if it could be worked on by contributors.
* Scott reviewed the issue, confirmed it remains relevant, and encouraged community contributions.
* Tyler echoed that unless an issue is marked ‚Äúin progress,‚Äù contributors should feel free to begin design discussions or ask questions directly in the issue.
* Scott and Tyler emphasized the importance of contributors aligning issues with personal interests and expertise for better results.

### gRPC Feature Clarification

* Andrey Arapov, original author of issue #118, confirmed it is still valid and explained:

  * The feature request is for allowing SDL configuration of gRPC ingress through HTTP options.
  * Currently, this must be done manually on the server side, but support within SDL would streamline this for users.
  * Open for any technical questions and willing to support contributor efforts.

### Repository Guidelines and Repo Use

* Kenny R asked where to log minor bugs or UI issues related to the Akash website.
* Tyler clarified:

  * UI or console bugs should go into the **console repo**.
  * Core product, provider, and node-related issues should be in the **support repo**.
  * Website issues (non-console) should go in the **website repo**.
  * Contributors are encouraged to also suggest and implement fixes.

### Community Themes and Discord Feedback

* Tyler asked for feedback on support themes from Discord or other community channels.
* No pressing support concerns were raised, and members noted that feedback loops and issue handling have been running smoothly.
* Tyler acknowledged that the bot created by an insider has helped reduce spam and improve support visibility in Discord.

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler thanked participants for their time and contributions.
* Encouraged everyone to continue asking questions in tickets and exploring opportunities to contribute.
* Directed users to open source resources at [docs.aos.network](https://docs.aos.network) and the [Akash GitHub organization](https://github.com/akash-network).
* Invited ongoing engagement in the SIG Support Discord channel between meetings.

## Action Items

* **Scott Carruthers**

  * Move the cross-namespace communication issue to the provider repo and assign to Shimpa.
  * Continue monitoring SDK47 upgrade progress and inform contributors post-launch.
  * Encourage contributors to engage with open but unattended issues like #118.

* **Tyler Wright**

  * Promote contributor involvement and provide support in Discord.
  * Reinforce repo usage guidelines across support, console, and website.
  * Use SIG Support to spotlight contributors‚Äô questions and design drafts.

* **AMerePotato**

  * Identify more backlog issues for potential contributor work.
  * Support community matchmaking between contributors and unassigned issues.

* **Andrey Arapov**

  * Remain available for guidance on gRPC issue and SDL implementation discussions.



## **Transcript**


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Happy Wednesday, everybody. we'll get started in maybe a minute or two. Wait for some folks to trickle in.

Tyler Wright: All right. I know some folks reached out said they can't make it today. but I will get this thing kicked off and we can start All Welcome everybody to SIG support monthly meeting.  It is July 16th, 202 During the six support monthly meeting, the group goes through all issues in the support repo. again, we start off by triaging any issues that are awaiting triage. discussing those issues.

Tyler Wright: If there's any other issues that live inside the support repo, anybody can, bring up those issues, ask any questions, leave any comments, etc. you can also look for opportunities. I know Amir Potato is on the call. I'm just a lot of stuff with the contributions program.  And so again, if there's any support issues that might be good issues for the community to take on, there's conversations about those kinds of things here. Again, the support repo is where all issues related to the core codebase live. So this is something that the overlock Clock Labs core team has been managing and kind of supporting for a number of years at this port point.

Tyler Wright: But again there's other members of the community and other teams that are also contributing to the support repo. But anything related to again the provider node repo lives inside the support issues and is properly tagged. Without further ado I'll hand it over to Scott to get us kicked off with any issues that are weighing triage. After that, again, I'll see if there's anybody in the community, especially insiders or vanguards that might have some items that they want to cover in terms of themes on the support side and Discord and other channels. But again, if anybody has any specific issues that they want to make sure are discussed, please drop them in the chat and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: we can discuss them after Scott triages any issues awaiting triage. Scott, I'll hand over to

Scott Carruthers: All right,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: thanks going through things that are in waiting triage is going to be a very quick exercise today and then we can open it up to the floor to discuss any other issues. but as you can see I'm filtering in this port repo and issues those that are awaiting triage and there's just a single issue and as far as the title says for crossname space communication.  So this came up internally with the core team and supporting some of our valuable customers had a need to have cross deployment communication between two distinct acost deployments and on certain providers that can happen via hairpin routing.

Scott Carruthers: So one deployment goes out to the internet and it's hairpinned back into the other deployment but based on the provider topology that can be problematic. and we were actually able to cure this in Kubernetes on a couple of clusters to support our key customers but this is doing it programmatically. so basically this is to introduce in the provider codebase the ability for a owner to be able to communicate directly from Kubernetes routing with any of their deployments. So this would cure the issue of cross deployment communication because a owner would be able to directly speak across namespaces so if it's a single owner you can communicate across namespaces.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: so one of the core team members, Shimpa, opened this issue. and I believe, Shimpa is looking at this from a code perspective. It's a rather simple update in the codebase. so for right now, I'm just going to take it out of awaiting triage and I will put it into the provider repo. It says based on internal communication. I know that Shimpa is looking at this.  I'll assign him initially and obviously the developers on the core team would do any PR review if Shimpo submits a PR for this. so not sure exactly where he stands but this probably will be remediated rather soon. and obviously if necessary other members of the core team can hop in to assist as well.

Scott Carruthers: any questions or concerns about that specific issue? if we go back to the root of the issues again in the support repo and I search via the awaiting triage label, as you can see with the assignment of that last issue, we now have no others that are awaiting triage. pretty simple exercise today. so again, if there's not any issues on that one item that I just discussed, I think at this point we can also open it to the floor if there's any conversations around any other issues that weren't in awaiting triage. Go ahead, potato.

AMerePotato: So I know maybe this was two weeks ago, but there were some issues around different language support for the Kos API and I followed up with somebody un was Mr. Luno and he said that this task can only be worked on after the chain SDK upgrade.

AMerePotato: So has that been completed or what's going on with those

Scott Carruthers: No, so the chain SDK upgrade is a very involved process.

Scott Carruthers: So there's a lot of you mechanics and type changes in SDK 0470 that we would be upgrading to. So that endeavor is been something that's been going on for several weeks and several months because of some The core team and Archer specifically is working on this. got pulled off of that pursuit to focus on some other urgencies. but the SDK47 upgrade is now his primary focus. In fact, I would say sole focus.

Scott Carruthers: and we are probably going to launch a test net. We actually had a SDK47 test net up at one point to test some basic functionality and now this is going to be a more robust test net. so we believe that test net will live within the next week. and then if that occurs we're looking at a SDK47 upgrade. I think the last projection was probably sometime in August approximately. So we're still definitely a couple weeks out for that. And so I think the projection would be sometime in August. So yeah, for those new type supports and the Akos API and the Protobuff generation for languages that aren't currently supported right now only go in TypeScript are supported. that is correct that we need to wait for the SDK 47 upgrade and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: that again that will probably happen sometime in the next month.

AMerePotato: Okay, cool.

AMerePotato: And one other quick question. I was looking in the support repo issue number 118 at GRPC support for the tenant deployments. it doesn't look like the team is working on this.

AMerePotato: Since it's been moved to backlog, would this be something that a contributor could possibly work on?

Scott Carruthers: M potato,‚Ä¶


### 00:15:00

Scott Carruthers: do you have a link to the issue that I could pull up?

AMerePotato: I'm on mobile so that would be a little difficult, but it's in the support repo issue number 118, so it's pretty old. It's actually from 2023. I see.

Scott Carruthers: So issue 118 which is adding GRC I don't think this is the issue that you adding gRPC support for tenant deployments.

AMerePotato: Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: That was the issue that you were referring to. So I'm just reading through

Scott Carruthers: And where were you seeing that this was added? So I would agree with you that so this is a rather very old issue that was created approximately two years ago. so I agree that it doesn't. So myself and another member of the core team recently went through issues to try to close out stale issues and get assignment for so we closed out a lot of stale issues that were no longer relevant and for those that were very stale and still remain relevant we assigned ourselves. So now at this point this just needs to be specked out and worked on. So I agree this is very old.

Scott Carruthers: I don't know that this was necessarily explicitly put into a backlog. obviously it's one could infer that just based on his age. but yeah, this is just an open issue that hasn't got attention yet.

AMerePotato: is it still something that is needed to be  Fine.

Scott Carruthers: But it's still open and once we get through the SDK47 upgrade and other matters of urgency, we'll start checking off these issues.

Tyler Wright: I guess.

Scott Carruthers: I don't know. Andy, you opened this issue two years ago, so I know that was a long period of time. I'm not familiar with this issue and I was trying to read through it in real time. Do you have any thoughts on this issue and its current relevance?

Andrey Arapov: It's something old. I would need to go read through it once more. So,

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. let me ask you, Amir Potato,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: what is, and you may have said some of this in your earlier words, so apologize if it was being repetitive, but you obviously have interest in this issue. What is your current interest in this issue? Is it blocking something?

AMerePotato: No, it's not.

AMerePotato: I have just been going through the issues trying to find things that probably isn't blocked by the core team that contributors to work on.

Scott Carruthers: okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, that goes back to one of your questions that I didn't address yet. So, yeah, any issues in the support repo that are not being addressed by the core team, we definitely encourage community contribution.  So yeah, if this was something a team that you're working with is interested in, I would definitely encourage going forward with this is definitely something the  between

AMerePotato: Okay. Cool.

Scott Carruthers: You can tackle

Tyler Wright: Yeah,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Air Patel. I think just to echo what Scott was saying, I think generally speaking, unless you see an item that's in progress, feel free to see if there's somebody in the community that would be interested in that issue. Obviously, some of these issues go beyond just kind of basic contributions just because of how much time and effort is required. But if there are people in the community that are interested in taking on some of these issues, I would say the best first step is for them to leave a comment inside the issue with any questions that they have potential design or implementation. and then I would love to start using this six support meeting for folks that are contributing to issues to ask specific questions.

Tyler Wright: because again one thing that we've always talked about it is quite challenging to understand what's going on behind underneath with the Akash network. Obviously that is being made easier and easier all the time. but there are some intricacies in design decisions that I think maybe would require some at least input from the overclock labs core team. So I think if anybody from the community is interested in any of these specific issues, please feel free to start to design a potential solution or ask very specific questions and then again a dialogue can grow from there. I know there's a couple of people's hands up. I just want to put that out there.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: I think air potato, do you have any other questions else I'll just hand you over to Andre?

AMerePotato: No.

AMerePotato: I think I'm good. I'm just trying to do some of that initial work to try and smooth things along. I'm not necessarily interested in this. Just trying to connect somebody with something to do.  in general.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I feel as if one of the things and I know that you do a good job of this is try to find or try to have people look at the support repo and look at issues that maybe is something that they've specialized in previously or something that they're very interested in.

Tyler Wright: I find that when you try to force people like hey this is an issue you want to do it people might do it more reluctantly as opposed to just doing something like I really like this kind of issue I really like thinking about gRPC I used to do that in my day job I want to solve this issue so just something to put out there go ahead  Okay.

Andrey Arapov: Thanks so basically I just went through this issue. It's still an issue. It's basically a future request and whenever someone deploys something on a cache if it's supposed to listen to gRPC it won't work unless someone manually modifies the ingress on the server side for the backend protocol JRPC as I described in the ticket. And basically the feature request requires someone just to implement this support so that someone‚Ä¶

Andrey Arapov: who deploys something on the cache can do this through SDL by using HTTP options directive. And that's pretty much about this ticket. If you have any particular questions about this ticket, you can ask me directly on discord or directly can comment in this ticket for more details. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Mayor Potato. Any other issues that anybody wants to discuss that are in the support repo that anybody wants to get more involved with, has any questions about, etc. Go ahead, Kenny.

Kenny R: Yeah so there are some minor issues on the website that I found. So I'm wondering should I open them in the support ripple or the website ripple

Tyler Wright: You open those issues in the website and then if you have implementations, you can also look to solve those issues. so yeah, I would say everything related to Everything related to the console goes inside the console repo.  So there's a number of issues that the console team sees or the community brings about and you drop those issues in the console repo and then again anything related to the core product the blockchain the backend marketplace etc gets brought up in the support repo.

Kenny R: Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions about any open issues before we move on with All the next agenda item that we discuss on a monthly basis is I know a number of people on this call are actively giving people feedback and answering questions as a part of the Akos insiders and the Akos Vanguards programs. I just want to see if there's any support themes that anybody is seeing in Discord or any other channels from developers or otherwise that might be worth calling out now.

Tyler Wright: So are from a support standpoint, is there any behaviors, items that maybe can be improved via documentation, improved via features, or just any other themes on the support side that anybody wants to call out? I'll take silence as everything is just operating as normal and there's nothing that's out of the ordinary.  I see someone dropped in some feedback. that's all good. On Discord, it seems like people are getting proper feedback and support as well as a new shout out to a member of the insiders and Vanguards that helped create that bot. but it seems like it's also dropped the number of scammers and some of the other things that are going on.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: All anything else that anybody wants to make sure we talk about in terms of support in Discord, GitHub, other All right. if not, then we can end the meeting a little bit early today. obviously not too many issues that needed triaging in the support repo. Thank you Scott for leading us through the triaging of issues. much appreciate everybody that got involved in today's conversation. Again between meetings feel free to ask any questions inside of a ticket.

Tyler Wright: Andre, the ticket that we just talked about, if anybody wants to get more involved, please feel free to ask questions, reach out to Andre in Discord, or in the ticket, and we can go from there. but again, much appreciate everyone's time. There's a number of ways to get involved.  Please, if you have any more questions, feel free to reach out to air potato, myself, look at any open issues inside the support repo and just start to ask questions, dive into the codebase, which you can find at network the docs you can find at aos.networkdocs and obviously the codebase is completely open source and you can find inside the aos network github organization. But please again continue to ask questions, look for ways to get involved.

Tyler Wright: If you have any other things that you need again or any scenes that you see on support front, please use the SIG support channel between meetings to continue the conversation. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you very much for your participation today. thank you to those listening in later. Hope everyone has a great day again. Talk to you soon.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Andrey Arapov: Thank you everyone.


### Meeting ended after 00:29:22 üëã

