# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #47

## Agenda

* Review of issues awaiting triage in the Support repo
* Discussion on Akash CLI user experience improvements
* Documentation updates and contributions
* Multi-depositor escrow account (AEP) and Cosmos SDK upgrade readiness
* Community support themes and Insiders program updates
* Post-upgrade testnet environment and call for community testers
* Best practices for reporting and linking issues in GitHub and Discord

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 20, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* AMerePotato
* Kenny R
* Fenil Modi
* Benjamin Berglund
* B S
* Pavlo Dereniuk
* Rodri R
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Review of issues awaiting triage in the Support repo

* Tyler Wright introduced the agenda and handed over to Scott Carruthers to review issues.
* Scott Carruthers confirmed only one issue was awaiting triage, submitted by Fenil Modi, focusing on Akash CLI user experience.
* Scott explained that development of a new CLI had been started to replace the Cosmos SDK CLI, aiming for simplified configuration files instead of environment variables.
* Progress stalled a year ago due to priority changes and limited team capacity.
* Consensus within the core engineering team is that a new CLI is necessary, but resources are currently focused on Cosmos SDK upgrade and JWT tokens.
* Fenil Modi could not unmute but indicated agreement through chat, with further discussion to continue in GitHub comments.

### Discussion on Akash CLI user experience improvements

* Scott Carruthers described the current CLI as cumbersome and noted low community adoption compared to the console.
* Emphasized the need for a user-friendly, configuration-driven CLI.
* Work on the new CLI was started but paused; it will resume once more engineers are added.
* Tyler Wright highlighted the importance of pushing this forward, noting long-term community complaints.

### Documentation updates and contributions

* Kenny R raised [Issue #359](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/359) about outdated documentation, specifically the ‚Äúmake akash‚Äù command.
* Scott Carruthers agreed to review and assign it properly, with Luna recommended to help.
* Tyler Wright praised Kenny‚Äôs contributions and encouraged continued involvement.
* Kenny confirmed the changes were straightforward doc fixes.

### Multi-depositor escrow account (AEP) and Cosmos SDK upgrade readiness

* Tyler Wright [presented an AEP](https://github.com/akash-network/AEP/tree/main/spec/aep-75) to enable multiple accounts to fund the same deployment, tied to the Cosmos SDK upgrade.
* Scott Carruthers explained that the current limitation allows only one Authz grant per deployment.
* Change is essential for the console team, particularly in moving trial accounts to paid accounts.
* Scott noted it is likely an edge case for most community users but important for integrators and clients.
* Confirmed the change will be part of the upcoming network upgrade and represents a breaking change.

### Community support themes and Insiders program updates

* Tyler Wright encouraged leveraging the Akash Insiders program to direct new contributors into the ecosystem.
* Highlighted new blogs about product features and the Insiders program.
* Asked participants to refer interested community members to AMerePotato for onboarding and direction.
* Emphasized the role of insiders and vanguards in surfacing recurring issues and escalating problems effectively.

### Post-upgrade testnet environment and call for community testers

* Tyler Wright invited participants to join testing of the new post-upgrade testnet environment.
* Requested four to five community members with basic CLI familiarity to assist.
* Tasks include creating deployments, leases, running queries, and testing API endpoints.
* Scott Carruthers clarified the testing will be on a new testnet, not the existing sandbox.
* Volunteers should contact Tyler or AMerePotato within ten hours to be added to a private Discord channel and provided with instructions.
* Goal is to complete testing before involving external integrators.

### Best practices for reporting and linking issues in GitHub and Discord

* Tyler Wright emphasized the importance of creating specific, detailed GitHub issues.
* Recommended including Discord usernames or message links in tickets to make follow-ups easier.
* Noted that console team members often struggle when issues lack detail or when users disappear after posting.
* Reiterated the need for clarity in both support and console repos to streamline resolution.

## Action Items

* Core engineering team to revisit development of the new Akash CLI when resources allow.
* Scott Carruthers to review and assign Issue #359 with support from Luna.
* Community testers to contact Tyler Wright or AMerePotato within ten hours to participate in testnet validation.
* Insiders and vanguards to encourage detailed issue submissions with Discord references.
* Community members invited to join weekly Akash documentation calls hosted by HumanHQ.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: Hello We'll wait maybe a couple minutes for some folks to join and then we'll get this call started. Hope everyone's doing well.

Tyler Wright: Hello we're just going to wait another minute or so and then we can get All we're already recording and transcribing, so I will hop right in. good day everybody.

Tyler Wright: It is Wednesday, August 20th, 2025 and this is the SIG support monthly meeting for ugust. during this special interest group for support, the group gets together to talk about all things related to support on the Akash network. usually the agenda starts off with members of Overclock Labs core engineering team going through issues that are awaiting triage in  The support repo is where all issues related to the blockchain live. So again if any issues they can create an issue and try to be as specific as possible so that it can go live in the support repo and then again it gets triaged and members of the core team or members of the community can go about solving that issue. and then again sometimes we have discussions around console.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: So any rel issue related to the Kos console lives inside the console repo. and I will link both of those in the chat for folks just for the notes sake as well. But without further ado, I will hand it over to Scott to kick us off with any issues awaiting triage or any other issues anyone wants to talk about. So if anybody wants to talk about a specific issue, feel free to drop it in the chat. After that, we'll see if there's any other conversations or‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: themes related to support in Discord or any other channels that anybody wants to discuss. But Scott, feel free to kick it off.

Scott Carruthers: All right,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: thanks so this will be a pretty short discussion because I looked earlier and there's actually only one issue that's awaiting triage. So obviously we talk about any other issues as well. but let's start by those awaiting triage. so as you see, I'm going to filter by awaiting triage. and this is actually Senel on this call. I thought I saw that he was.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Scott Carruthers: So I don't know the position that you're in. if you want to chime in since you were the submitter of so first of all the fennel opened this for user experience enhancement for the AOS CLI. so I'll give a little bit of a backstory here as well. there has been initiatives in the past that I've been directly involved of creating a new AOS CLI. so no longer actually being tied to the Cosmos SDK CLI, but actually coming up with our own Akos CLI which would be a dramatically better user experience. so using configuration files and things like that.

Scott Carruthers: So storing simple attributes and variables like the key ring back end or accounts or preferred providers and things like that could all be part of configuration files and not something that we have to declare in command line environmental variables or as switches on specific CLI commands. So this is actually something that and we actually start development on that.  So we start development on a new AOS CLI but one of the main contributors to that is no longer with the core team and while I was working on it as well priorities were just shifted so overall the history of this is we recognize a need there's definitely consensus within the Akos core engineering team that a new CLI needs to be created and the user experience needs to

Scott Carruthers: much better. It's just a matter of we priorities and we haven't got a chance to create that new AOS CLI. Like I said, the development has actually already started on it, but it's in its very early stages. I worked on the development of using those configuration files that I mentioned and starting to do the first queries and transactions on that new Akos CLI, but that was a year ago and hasn't had any progress since. so anyways definitely concur that a new AOC CLI needs to be created and that the user experience on the CLI needs to be much better. my experience in the community is there's not many people that use the AOC CLI. I seems like most users I interact with are only using console or their own tooling and not actually using the CLI.

Scott Carruthers: And I think that just is testament to the CLI currently is a little bit cumbersome with a environment variable decorations and switches so anyways I completely agree that this is necessary and especially something that's already been commenced within the core team but it hasn't had any attention or development in the last probably 12 months. So Veno is the introducer of this issue.  I don't know if you want to come off of mute to talk about that at all any further. but that would be my perspective. I could completely concur as long as the other members of the core team definitely concur that a new Akash COI is necessary. It's just been a matter of we're adding members new developers to the court development team.

Scott Carruthers: So we'll be able to get more attention on right now we're such a lean team that is mostly focused on the most urgent issues. so right now obviously there's a lot of attention on the Cosmos SDK upgrade and our readiness for that and some key introductions like JWT tokens in the provider codebase. so these kind of things is hard to get attention on but as we add new engineers to the core team that should change in the very near future.  So that's my perspective on the AOS CLI. Feno, I don't know if you have anything further to add. Okay.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: He mentioned that he's not able to open his mic. so maybe pennel if you have any additional questions or thoughts. or maybe want to start to of maybe when Scott's ready to even alpha test what he's already kind of been exploring we can take that conversation into the comments of this particular issue and kind of go from there. But as Scott mentioned, this is something that folks have, complained about, I think, in different levels for some time. And so again, continuing to push this forward is something that the Overclock Labs core team has certainly thought about and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: even taken steps to do. it's just not ready yet.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: if anything I would say my feedback is definitely heard loud and clear and we 100% agree and some efforts are already being started along these lines. and it's just a matter of getting more attention on it.  So yeah, I appreciate you bringing up the issue and we're definitely in full alignment. so with that, if I go back to issues, and filter again on awaiting triage, we'll find that there are no further I actually didn't do any cleanup of this going into the call.

Scott Carruthers: It's just I don't think there's been a large amount of issues created since we met last and those that have been created have already had attention and assignment so nothing further awaiting triage. so with that I'll open it up to the floor.

Scott Carruthers: Is there any issues that were not awaiting triage but anyone desired additional conversation around?

Tyler Wright: Kenny dropped a small issue,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: issue 359 in the chat. ‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: Okay, I'm looking at that.

Tyler Wright: that's the doc's contribution.

Scott Carruthers: Let me bring up that issue and yeah, I guess I would have to go through this to see exactly what I haven't seen this issue before, so I'm just reading through it in real time, but I can definitely look at this issue myself for doc updates. so noted and yeah, we can definitely get some attention on this and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Cool. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: and if there's any live discussion that you would like to have further, we can definitely do that now.  or if not I will definitely so I noticed that this is not in awaiting triage but it's also not assigned to anyone.  So I'll also make sure that this has proper assignments and labels.

Tyler Wright: I was going to assign it maybe to Scott and Luna just to review and see if there's anything kind of missing. But Kenny, is there anything you want to speak to? it was just like you found some outdated information I believe in the documentation or just like adjusting it or updating it? Perfect.

Kenny R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just basically updating the doc

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, and I see some of your notes about the make ash does nothing. So, yeah, we can definitely take a look at this.

Scott Carruthers: Any other issues that the community would like to discuss?

Tyler Wright: The only other issue that I just dropped in it's not necessarily an issue‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: but more of an ape that the core engineering team is actively working on as we get ready for the Cosmos SDK upgrade is that kind of issue around multi- depositor espro account. This is something that will have an impact on the tips program that just passed on chain. So I just want to make sure everyone's aware of this ape. If anyone has any questions or comments again this is something that's actively being implemented by the core engineering team and then will be further made available to the console team.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: This should resolve an issue for anybody on the network in general that maybe is dealing with multiple depositor escrow issues in some client that they're building. so again, this is something that the console team faced. and the core engineering team is looking to rectify that. it's a breaking change that will be a part of the network upgrade that'll be happening over the next month or so. But I just want to highlight if anybody wants to get involved in the conversation,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: learn more, etc., feel free to drop a note in that open 8 while it's in draft status.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: so my perspective on that I've never heard of anyone in the community encountering this limitation and obviously there's conversations that I could have missed. So there's a possibility that others could have encountered this, but I think it's kind of an edge case. It's very important for our console team currently. to be able to transition a trial account to a paid account. I believe they're using it in that process. But the limitation here is if you use Oz. So if I create an OC grant to a deployment account so that somebody in the community can launch a deployment and experiment with the AOS network.

Scott Carruthers: So from my account I create a OC grant. for some reason another person wants to create an OC grant for the purposes of deposit into that same deployment that currently wouldn't be allowed.  So in summary and from a high level only one Aussie account can authorize funds to a specific deployment and now there's a need that multiple accounts need to be able to authorize funds into a single deployment.

Scott Carruthers: so like I said, I think that's kind of an edge case that I don't think typically would be overly impactful, but there are depending on the solution scenarios where you want multiple accounts to be able to fund a specific deployment and that's what this is going to unlock. So as Tyra said, this is critical for the console team. but I would assume it's not something that's much of a limitation for others.

Tyler Wright: No, I think that's a good call out. I was just putting it out there just in case anybody out is I know there's other folks that are building potential clients.

Tyler Wright: I think some closed source. I just want to make sure for anybody that may face this edge case that they're aware this is going on. But thank you very much, Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. The only reason I wanted to go into it a little bit further is just to make sure that while this is critical for some things that we're currently doing,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: I just wanted to make sure that everyone understood the nature of the limitation. but yeah, there definitely could be other integrators or‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: application developers that for some reason have the need for this as So we definitely want to unlock it.

Tyler Wright: Terrific.

Tyler Wright: All Are there any other issues other open issues rather that anybody wants to make sure we discuss? All right. Thank you very much, next part of the agenda is where we usually talk to Akos insiders slashvanguards or anybody else on the call in the community that may see some again potential themes in Discord or other channels in terms of support maybe things that need to be updated and documentation wise that people are seeing or just other parts of the Akash network experience that

Tyler Wright: can be improved. So, just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to call out in terms of support in the community that can be improved, needs further attention. I'm just want to see if there's anything that anybody wants to call up. All again, please feel free to use the six support channel or the Akash insiders channel if you are in the insiders program to talk about further things. again, I mentioned this during the SIG clients by monthly call yesterday. there are a number of new blogs for all of the features that have been done by the product team in terms of continuing to improve console.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: there also is a blog about the Akash Insiders program. what it is, how it works. So again, if anybody here or anybody knows of anybody that wants to get more involved with the AOS network and is looking for ways to get involved, please push them into direction of the Kosh insiders program or have them connect with IE babies on Discord who is I believe Amir Potato here. I know there's a number of folks that have reached out to me about loving the project of looking to see where they can contribute and I always try to push them to a mere potato so that she can identify get to know them, understand what their skill sets are and then hope hopefully better direct them into something that can be of value and kind of be like a ambassador and spokesperson for them as they are venturing out and trying to contribute to the Akos network.

Tyler Wright: So again, please feel free to use her as a reference.  One thing on the support side that I would like to call out. I think there's a number of people that have already identified themselves on this call, but I just want to put it out there again for anybody here that's technical and wants to contribute to doing some testing of features in the updated sandbox environment which will be the post network upgrade kind of environment. the core engineering team is looking for four or five individuals. Again, I think we already have a group put together, but I want to open it up to folks here that are going to be able to go into the test net sandbox environment and do some simple functions to make sure that things are going to be working as they are right now post network upgrades.

Tyler Wright: So again, this is something that the core engineering team has been doing internal testing for some time and continuing to make improvements as you can see through all the release candidates. but again, we're approaching time where we would like some folks from the community to do further rigorous testing of the network post upgrade and make sure that even all the edge cases are there.  So, if you would like to get involved, either reach out to myself or IE babies over the next 10 hours. And if you're listening to this, again, hopefully you watch the recording soon and just reach out to one of us. And we're going to put together a small channel in Discord and then provide specific instructions and then again hope over the next week that you all can do a number of tests and then get contra contributions for them.

Tyler Wright: So again, if you want to get more involved in that process, feel free to reach out to myself air potato. Go ahead, Amir Potato.

AMerePotato: So that sounds really interesting. I'm wondering you say there's some technical requirements to what level of technical ability is needed so I guess if I hear of people who are interested I should just gather them together and reach out to you.

Tyler Wright: Yes, so just gather them together. believe that people that are working on this would have to have some familiarity with the CLI, and basic functionality because, they'll be testing a lot of functions via Scott, correct me if I'm wrong, but it's somebody that's technical enough to do, again, test things via the CLI, at least for right now.

Scott Carruthers: So that's you don't definitely don't have to have developer experience too. and Ashley just one point of clarification Tyler I think you mentioned earlier sandbox just so just to make sure everyone is on the same page this will be a completely separate testn net network so this testing would be on a test net network not on our traditional or existing sandbox environment so the details of that environment will be made evident to everyone and clear for anyone that wants to

Scott Carruthers: testing and yeah, I would concur with that. the skill sets really just need to be familiarity with the AOS CLI. So, because we're transitioning and upgrading the Cosmos SDK, we need to do a very extensive testing on the most rudimentary operations. So, we need people within the community to test transactions, so creating deployments, creating leases, things of that nature. and queries from the CLI, queries using gRPC REST API endpoints and‚Ä¶


### 00:25:00

Scott Carruthers: things like that. But yeah, from a very high level we just need people to have familiarity with the AOS CLI to be able to do things like deployment creation and deployment testing and things like that.

AMerePotato: Dope.

AMerePotato: And so you say within the next 10 hours that's the approximate deadline for people to get involved with  This  Okay, dope.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's my goal.

Tyler Wright: If it goes beyond that, I think we have a number of people right now, but I would like to start pushing and getting folks testing if not today, then by early tomorrow so they can do some items through the weekend that we can get some feedback sooner rather than later because after the community tests, then we're going to continue to open it up to key clients and integrators are actively using the Kosh network right now.

Tyler Wright: that need to test their integrations in the new post upgrade environment. And thank you Scott for that clarification. Sometimes I'm a little bit too loose with my use of the word sandbox and I apologize for that.

Scott Carruthers: You're forgiven.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about as it relates to support on the Akash network? Cool.

Tyler Wright: again, if anybody sees any issues, please feel free to again work with insiders and vanguards and other people in the community to make sure there's not an issue that can be resolved by fixing something on the users's end. Then again there's escalation path and make a new issue. one thing that I think the console team has asked for is if anybody's making an issue in the console repo and they are a Discord user, and this goes for anybody that's helping people, please have the user be as specific as possible with what the issue is inside of the ticket in GitHub and then have them link to their

Tyler Wright: account or to a message that they put in Discord so that if somebody from the core team wants to follow up with them and get some more information, it's easy to track who they should be talking to because there's a lot of times where people put an issue in Discord and then all of a sudden they disappear and it's hard to communicate with them when we're asking for more information.  And so we ask that again folks especially insiders or just use you or community members that are creating issues in the support repo very specifically the console repo, make those issues as specific as possible. And then when available just link to a message for your Discord user handle so that again a member of the core team or a member of the community can easily follow up with you if there's any need to do so.

Tyler Wright: All If there's nothing else, then I know again the core engineering team has some followup to do on the issue that Kenny put forth and give that a review and follow up. again, for those that want to get more involved in documentation, big shout out to Kenny for all your work  There is a weekly meeting for the Akos website led by Pumman HQ where we go through all things related to documentation and the website and there's a number of ways to contribute there.

Tyler Wright: so, feel free to join that call, but appreciate Scott going through any issues or waiting triage and having conversations about obviously the next steps there, and, some of the other things we talked about, but hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Again, feel free to drop any items in specific issues in the support or console repo or in the six support channel. if you want to get more involved in testing the K SDK 53 on the Kosh network, again, please feel free to reach out to air potato or myself so we can add you to that private channel, provide you with access to the test net environment and then specific instructions and next steps. Terrific. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and we'll look forward to talking to you soon.

Tyler Wright: Thank you everybody. Goodbye.

Benjamin Berglund: There he goes.


### Meeting ended after 00:31:47 üëã



