# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #48

## Agenda
- Review of issues in the Support repository awaiting triage  
- Discussion on recent and ongoing support themes in the Akash Network community  
- Updates on AkashJS, CLI, and provider-related issues  
- Discussion of JWT implementation and upcoming network upgrades  
- Open forum for community members to raise any support concerns  
- Updates on community programs including Zealy and Contributions initiatives  


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, September 24, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright (Moderator)  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Benjamin Berglund  
- Deathless  
- Dimokus  
- Fenil Modi  
- Joao Luna  
- Kenny R  
- Pavlo Dereniuk  
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Tyler  

---

## Meeting Notes

### **Review of Issues in the Support Repository Awaiting Triage**
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting by welcoming attendees and emphasizing the purpose of the Support SIG â€” to track, triage, and resolve technical issues across Akashâ€™s repositories.  
- He reiterated that the Support SIG covers repos such as **core**, **provider**, and **console**, and that issues are managed collaboratively through GitHub and Discord.  
- Scott Carruthers reported that for the first time since the group began meeting, **there were no items awaiting triage** in the Support repo.  
  - He clarified that this was not due to pre-cleanup but rather proactive assignments upon issue creation.  
  - The result indicated an improved response flow between the community, insiders, and core engineering team.  
- With triage completed, Scott opened the floor for any general or ongoing support concerns.  

---

### **Discussion on Recent and Ongoing Support Themes**
- Tyler Wright highlighted that Akashâ€™s **Discord server** remains a key hub for real-time community support, with **Insiders** and **Vanguards** serving as the first line of response.  
- He encouraged members to continue surfacing recurring issues seen in Discord so they can be escalated effectively.  
- Benjamin Berglund raised a common issue affecting some users â€” **problems sending manifests from CI using AkashJS**.  
  - He noted that this issue had been reported multiple times but had already been logged and tracked on GitHub.  
- Scott Carruthers confirmed that the problem was linked to earlier provider updates involving JWT and server name handling in MTLS.  
  - He explained that a **fix was already pushed to AkashJS**, and that a rollback of the JWT-enabled provider release resolved related CLI problems.  
  - He assured attendees that **Akash Console was unaffected** by these issues.  
  - Benjamin agreed to follow up with a user who recently experienced the issue to confirm whether they were using the latest version and to update the issue thread if the problem persisted.  

---

### **Updates on AkashJS, CLI, and Provider-Related Issues**
- Scott elaborated on recent **CLI and AkashJS fixes**, noting that lessons learned from the JWT rollout have helped improve pre-release testing protocols.  
- He mentioned that once JWT support is reintroduced, **extensive testing** will be conducted before deployment to mainnet to prevent regressions.  
- Tyler Wright highlighted that despite the brief rollback, **console-based deployments were stable** and continued to function without disruption.  
- The team recognized the importance of better synchronization between CLI and JS updates to ensure consistent developer experiences.  

---

### **Discussion of JWT Implementation and Upcoming Network Upgrades**
- Tyler Wright discussed ongoing preparations for the **Cosmos SDK 53 migration** and **network upgrade**.  
  - Originally scheduled for **September 30**, the migration had been slightly **delayed to October** to allow more testing.  
  - He noted that significant engineering effort was being directed toward **JWT implementation** to strengthen authentication and security across providers.  
- He added that **Archer** had recently shared detailed drawings illustrating how JWT integrates with MTLS, and invited members to review those documents for a deeper understanding.  
- The group agreed to revisit these topics in the upcoming **Provider SIG meeting**, where more detailed discussions on provider release timelines would occur.  

---

### **Open Forum for Community Members to Raise Any Support Concerns**
- Tyler opened the floor for open discussion and community insights.  
- No new major issues or recurring themes were raised by attendees.  
- Tyler reminded everyone to continue reporting emerging patterns from **Discord discussions** and **provider deployments**, as this feedback loop is essential to maintaining Akashâ€™s robust support structure.  

---

### **Updates on Community Programs (Zealy and Contributions Initiatives)**
- Tyler acknowledged ongoing progress under the **Zealy Program** (led by Benjamin Berglund) and the **Contributions Program** (led by AmerePotato).  
- Benjamin shared a positive outlook on Zealyâ€™s Q4 results, highlighting strong community engagement and growth metrics that exceeded expectations.  
- Tyler praised these efforts as examples of effective community-driven support and invited members to participate in documentation, testing, and feature-related contributions.  
- He also reminded attendees of two upcoming events:
  - The **Provider SIG meeting** scheduled immediately after this call.  
  - The **Steering Committee meeting** at the end of the month, which will review strategic progress and support outcomes.  

---

## Action Items
- **Benjamin Berglund:** Follow up with the user experiencing manifest issues in AkashJS; verify if they are on the latest release and update the GitHub issue if problems persist.  
- **Scott Carruthers:** Monitor AkashJS and CLI performance post-rollback; ensure stability before JWT reimplementation.  
- **Tyler Wright:** Improve visibility of SIG meeting events on Discord; communicate updates about provider releases and the Cosmos SDK migration.  
- **Community Members:** Participate in Zealy and Contributions programs; report support trends and feedback from Discord; continue surfacing new issues early.  
- **All Participants:** Join the next Provider SIG meeting and prepare for the upcoming Steering Committee session.

## Transcript 

Benjamin Berglund: GM I'm doing well.

Tyler Wright: GM good sir. How are you?

Benjamin Berglund: How are you doing?

Tyler Wright: Not bad.

Benjamin Berglund: I'm excited for tomorrow's call.

Tyler Wright: Nice.

Benjamin Berglund: If there's time I'm going to give the quarterly report for Zealy and talk about the Q4 plansâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Benjamin Berglund: if it continues. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: It seems like it's continuing to pick up and I know that you're working closely with contributions. So I see no reason why it should not continue.

Benjamin Berglund: If people are too attached to the member count, they might not be fully satisfied with the results. but I was thinking 50 for 3 months would be the lowest amount that would be okay. But now it's not even 3 months and it's basically at that point and we've done more things. So I'm hoping people will still be happy with the results.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. We'll make some time for you to talk down steering committee All Happy Wednesday, everybody. I know we've moved this meeting around a little bit. so thank you for the flexibility.  We'll get started another 30 to 45

Tyler Wright: All unless anybody has any objections, I know we've already started recording and transcribing, so we can just jump right into the agenda. Cool. Again, welcome everybody to SIG support. It's Wednesday, September 24th, 2025.  During the sig  group for support monthly calls the community gets together to talk about all things related to support on the AOS network.

Tyler Wright: There is a the support repo inside the AOS network GitHub organization that is for all issues related to the core product the blockchain node repo the provider repo there's also a repo for the console and there are issues that anybody has related to the console there is a triaging path where there's members of the insider community and a subgroup called  the vanguards who are always available in discord to provide 24 by7 support to the community. They see any issues the community has. The first line of support is from the insiders vanguards or other members of the Akash community.

Tyler Wright: If there are issues that come from that and that again members of the core engineering team get involved and anybody can then make an issue and put it in the support repo once it's been again escalated up and make sure that it's a proper issue as opposed to something user focused as we always do. I'll hand it over to Scott to go over any issues that are awaiting triage or any other issues that anybody wants to talk about. After that the second agenda item is to see if there's any support themes that anybody wants to make sure we high or One theme that I want to highlight and discuss is I know that Yannik from the community had previously been adding the SIGA working group meetings.

Tyler Wright: I think at least for this working group or SIG, it hasn't shown up today. I know Discord has been very flaky on the event schedule. just continuing to improve that so that everybody's aware of the six and working groups. We might talk about that later today. But I'll hand it over to Scott to talk about items in the support repo andâ€¦


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: anything that's awaiting triage.

Scott Carruthers: All right,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: thanks Tyler  for the first time I think since we've been having SIG support, there actually are no items in awaiting triage. and this isn't from me going in and cleaning up anything before our conversation this morning, but there just simply were no issues awaiting triage. so that doesn't mean necessarily mean that there weren't any issues created in the last 30 days or since we met last. but as they've come in, they were obviously assigned immediately or maybe even assigned during issue creation. so if we look at awaiting triage just to prove that there are no issues in awaiting triage. So we don't need to go through triaging this morning.

Scott Carruthers: so instead we can just use our time for open forum. Is there any issues that are not in awaiting triage? so just general issues that anyone would like to discuss on this call. All right. that was a Tower.  Back to you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, again, there are some new aeps  that are being drafted a number of issues that are actively being worked on and discussed. So, please, if you want to get more involved, if you have any more questions, just drop comments, questions, thoughts inside those specific issues. again I know as we get ready for the network upgrade there's a lot of work going into JWT implementation.

Tyler Wright: I think we'll talk a little bit more about that during sig providers and the provider release that will be happening soon or again kind of happened got rolled back and there'll be a follow-up release soon and then I know there's a lot of work being done to get ready for the Cosmos SDK 53 migration and network upgrade that's been pushed back a little bit from September 30th but will be happening over the next month month and hopefully. So again, there's a lot of work going on the core side. I did want to see if there's any specific conversations that anybody wants to have as it pertains to open issues or otherwise before we move into the next agenda topic. All right.

Tyler Wright: after we go through issues awaiting triage the group here gets together and talks about support as a general theme again the Akash network discord is where a lot of building goes on if anybody has any questions and they want to connect with other people in the community the discord is very active and people can answer questions about the provider deployment experience aos chat API the CLI etc. I just want to see if there's any insiders, vanguards, or anybody else here that has seen any themes in Discord related to, structure that they want to call out.  Go ahead, Benjamin.

Benjamin Berglund: The only thing I have to comment is that one of the issues related to sending over manifests from a specific version on CI and AkashJS is quite common but there's already an issue made if I'm not mistaken from seek

Scott Carruthers: Ben, just to make sure that I heard that correctly, you're talking about recent Akashjs issues, right? Okay.

Benjamin Berglund: Yes. And the CLI issues

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, there definitely was an issue created for at a very high level.  It was when we released a provider version that supports JWT and sending over server name in MLS que so there actually was a fix pushed to AkashJS. So there definitely is an issue open and it should be resolved but if people are having continued issues please just update the issue and we'll investigate further.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: And the same thing with akash CLI. So I don't think there should be any current issues because we actually had to roll back the JWT enabled provider version because of these issues. so I don't think there should be any current CLI issues. but once we roll out JWT support again we'll obviously have to test that a new but we're now very familiar with the issues in JS and the Akash CLI.  So obviously we'll be doing a lot of pre-testing on that and do significant testing once we roll that version back out into mainet production. good news is any of those issues were not impacting console. So obviously our main deployment vehicle was not impacted.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, if anybody has continued issues, just update the issue.

Benjamin Berglund: All right, nice. I will ping someone who had the issues yesterday and see if they are using the latest version and such and make sure to updateâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Benjamin Berglund: if there is still a continued issue.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, that'd be great. Thanks, man.

Tyler Wright: anything else that anybody's seen from users in the community or folks in Discord that they think is worth talking about at a high level with this group. Again, directly following I guess at the top of the hour we'll have the monthly SIG providers meeting. I think we'll go into a little bit more detail about that. most recent provider release as well as answer any questions. Again, I would just remind folks look at the issues, the milestones to track kind of what's on the horizon directly related to beyond the network upgrade. Again, I think as recently as today, Archer put in some additional drawings about the JWT and how it works with MTLS.

Tyler Wright: So again, if anybody has any questions, please feel free to ask questions, get involved. I'll do a shameless plug. I know that Benjamin's been running the Zealy program u with great success as well as AmerePotato, who's usually on these calls, leads the contributions program.  So, there are a number of ways for folks to ask questions and then get more involved from a technical standpoint, whether it be help with documentation, help with testing or even help with new features. So, please ask questions, look at the support repo as a whole, get dive into specific subject, look at the node repo, the provider repo and again see where you can get involved if you're interested.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the support side that anybody wants to discuss here today? If not, then certainly we can end a little bit early today. Again, if anybody sees any issues in the community, feel free to use insiders, vanguards to try to solve those issues.  and then the vanguards and insiders have an escalation path to create again an open issue if necessary. So appreciate everyone's time today. Much appreciate everyone's participation in the Akash community and just a reminder again providers call at the top of the hour. Steering committee will be happening tomorrow at the end of the month.

Tyler Wright: I know we had one at the beginning of the month, but again we'll have another steering committee at the end of this month. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and we will certainly talk to you very soon. But much appreciated everyone.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Benjamin Berglund: Hey, skates.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:16:08 ðŸ‘‹

