# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #49

## Agenda  
- Review of pending issues in the support repository and triage updates  
- Discussion on the upcoming **network upgrade scheduled for October 28, 2025**  
- Coordination on validator readiness and upgrade timing  
- Community and Discord moderation updates  
- General support topics and documentation improvements  

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 22, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://muftkznmfka5py3h6elugtu2n2veuf5ypteiiuobiwpah4vhebza.arweave.net/ZQs1ZawqgdfjZ_EXQ06abqpKF7h8yIRRwUWeA_KnIHI)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants  
- Tyler Wright  
- Scott Carruthers  
- Benjamin Berglund  
- Rodri R  
- Joao Luna  
- AMerePotato  
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker  

---

## Meeting Notes  

- **Opening Remarks**  
  - Tyler Wright welcomed all participants and confirmed recording had started.  
  - Mentioned this was the monthly **Support SIG** meeting to discuss issues within the **support**, **provider**, and **console** repositories.  
  - Highlighted the team‚Äôs focus on preparations for the **network upgrade scheduled for October 28, 2025**, emphasizing ongoing testing and coordination.  

---

- **Triage Overview (Scott Carruthers)**  
  - Scott shared his screen to review issues marked as **‚ÄúAwaiting Triage.‚Äù**  
  - Reported that only **two issues** were pending triage before the meeting.  
  - The first issue involved a **provider inventory investigation**, likely due to **stale leases**.  
    - Initially suspected as a console issue but identified as a **provider repo issue** caused by **inventory operator errors**.  
    - Action: Reassigned to **Artur** and another team member under the **provider repository**.  
  - The second issue was a **CLI bug** related to the **Akash CLI tail switch command** not functioning correctly with writer services.  
    - Labeled as a minor issue with low operational impact.  
    - Action: Reassigned with a **provider label** for quick fix.  
  - Scott confirmed all pending triage items were resolved, leaving the repository in a **clean state**.  

---

- **Network Upgrade Discussion**  
  - **Benjamin Berglund** raised a concern about releasing a **revised zealy proposal** on-chain before the network upgrade.  
  - **Scott Carruthers** responded that launching on Monday is technically fine since the upgrade is on Tuesday, with an expected downtime of **60‚Äì90 minutes**.  
  - Suggested waiting until **Wednesday** to ensure validator attention and avoid overlap with the upgrade.  
  - **Tyler Wright** agreed with Scott‚Äôs recommendation.  
  - **Rodri R** advised waiting until **after the upgrade**, possibly late Tuesday or Wednesday, for smoother voting and validator participation.  
  - Consensus: **Delay the proposal until after the upgrade** for better coordination and engagement.  

---

- **Community and Discord Updates**  
  - **Rodri R** reported increased **spam and trolling activity** on Discord involving repetitive ‚ÄúGM‚Äù (good morning) messages.  
  - Users have been altering greetings to bypass filters.  
  - Suggested moderation through **message deletions, bans, and improved bot automation**.  
  - **Tyler Wright** acknowledged the issue and agreed to coordinate with the **Discord moderation team** to enhance filters and prevent disruptions.  

---

- **Documentation and Validator Preparedness**  
  - Tyler reminded participants of the upcoming **quarterly documentation meeting**, focusing on validator readiness for the upgrade.  
  - Mentioned updated documentation had been shared with **validators, clients, and exchanges**.  
  - Thanked the community for assisting with **Cosmos SDK 0.53 migration testing** and validation efforts.  
  - Confirmed **Akash Mainnet 14** upgrade scheduled for **October 28, 2025**, around **13:23 UTC** (subject to block height).  
  - Advised validators to **stay active on Discord** for updates and follow official documentation for upgrade steps.  
  - Announced that the **on-chain vote for the upgrade** has reached quorum, urging validators who haven‚Äôt voted to do so.  

---

- **Closing Remarks**  
  - Tyler thanked Scott and all participants for attending and contributing.  
  - Noted that the **SIG Providers meeting** would follow approximately **40 minutes later**.  
  - Mentioned upcoming meetings: **Steering Committee next week**, followed by **SIG Clients** and other working groups.  
  - Expressed optimism about the network upgrade and encouraged continued collaboration across SIGs.  

---

## Action Items  

- **Scott Carruthers**  
  - Assign and monitor the **provider inventory issue** caused by stale leases.  
  - Track and resolve the **CLI tail switch bug** before the network upgrade.  

- **Tyler Wright**  
  - Coordinate with the **Discord moderation team** to address GM spam and enhance bot filters.  
  - Continue sharing documentation and upgrade updates for validators and providers.  
  - Oversee communication during and after the network upgrade across community channels.  

- **Rodri R**  
  - Support moderators in controlling spam and maintaining productive Discord interactions.  
  - Monitor community behavior and report recurring spam patterns.  

- **Benjamin Berglund**  
  - Postpone the **revised zealy proposal** until after the network upgrade for optimal validator participation.  

- **All Participants**  
  - Follow upgrade announcements and updated documentation.  
  - Support coordination efforts during and after the upgrade window.  
  - Attend upcoming **SIG** and **Steering Committee** meetings for post-upgrade follow-up.  

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, good day everybody. we'll get started in about 30 seconds. I know we already started recording. this is SIG support monthly meeting on October 22nd, 2025. We'll just wait to see if there's a couple more folks that trickle in and then we will get underway.

Tyler Wright: All right. no, it's already a busy week. I'm going to start the agenda. We're already Welcome everybody to SIG support monthly meeting. It is October 22nd, 2025.  Again during the SIG support monthly meeting, the group gets together led by members of the Overclock Labs core team to discuss any issues in The support repo is where all issues related to again the blockchain and the core product, the provider repo live. oftent times there's a representative from console.

Tyler Wright: And we do go over some console related issues as well. I know that a number of folks from the core team as well as the community are very heads down getting ready for the network upgrade which is scheduled for next Tuesday, October 28th. so I know there's a lot of work that's going into there and testing. but I will hand it over to Scott to see if there's any issues that are awaiting triage. And then again, if anybody in the community here has any issues that they want to discuss, feel free to drop those in chat. Again, for those that are listening to the recording later, always feel free to drop any issues that you want more clarity on. you can reply and leave a comment in the specific issue or drop the issue in the SIG support ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: discord channel between meetings for conversation.  async. But I'll hand over to Scott to talk about any issues that are waiting triage.

Scott Carruthers: All right,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: thanks so as you can see, I'm sharing my screen and have currently pulled up issues that are awaiting triage. so as always, we can go through these issues. I think these are going to be relatively quick. but happy to discuss any other issues that are not awaiting triage and just general discussion as well. but I'll quickly go through and the typical process of ensuring that we're at a clean state and nothing is awaiting response. so the first one I reviewed there's two issues as you saw currently awaiting triage. I went and reviewed them prior.

Scott Carruthers: I was tempted to move this issue to the console l. but as I look at it, I think this is probably a provider inventory investigation and I think actually the individual that opened this if we go down actually that was a different issue, but I think this is an inventory issue and it's probably caused by stale leases. so even though he's reporting an error with council before moving it to the council I think we need to do some due diligence to ensure that it really is a console issue and my feeling is again that is probably based on the inventory operator and console is just displaying what it's getting from the inventory operator. so if that's the case then we need to cure that underlying provider issue.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: and some of the aftermath from stell leases. so I'm going to take this out of a waiting triage and I'm going to assign this because they've both been focused on provider repo issues.  I'm going to assign this to both I'm going to assign it both to Archer and to take a look and I'll take it out of awaiting triage and I'll put it in the provider repo.

Scott Carruthers: so again highly suspicious and very confident that this is just a provider inventory issue and being affected by deployments in the Kubernetes cluster that are not closing properly. Any further discussion or any questions about that issue? and then I think if we go back to things that remain in awaiting triage the next one is even simpler. this is actually something that was open by a quorum team member. This was opened by ek Again, something that I was looking at prior to the call. and this is just very simple. the tail switch and the writer services and Akos CLI when you use the tail switch is currently not working. So just a CLI issue that we need to investigate further.

Scott Carruthers: so I will again take this out of a waiting triage and this one I'll just assign to is not working. I'll start.  So, I'll take this out of a waiting triage and we'll give it the provider label and I don't know that's why I'm not getting search results. There we go. So, again, this doesn't have a lot of consequence.

Scott Carruthers: obviously the provider services lease logs works properly that would be a major issue if that command was not working properly if it is working properly it's just the tail switch is not working so probably a pretty quick solve any questions or any thoughts I assume not on this is a rather simplistic issue but any thoughts or questions on that okay and with that if I go back to just as kind of a sanity

Scott Carruthers: I'll go back into issues and if I look at things that are awaiting triage, I think we've now completed our due diligence and nothing is unassigned. So, we're in a clean state. so if there aren't any questions or concerns about those two issues, again, happy to take any conversation or questions about any other issues that outside of awaiting triage. possibly some other things will come up further in the call.

Scott Carruthers: But if no other questions at that point, that was pretty simple cleanup. so I think we're complete there. So I'll hand it back to you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: Just want to see if anybody here had any other open issues that they wanted to discuss with the group and the core team.  again. go hurt Benjamin.

Benjamin Berglund: I just have a quick question related to the network upgrade. We were planning to release a revised proposal on Shane on Monday, but do you think that's more to do when the network upgrade is one day after? No. I can try to rephrase it.

Scott Carruthers: 'm not sure if you have any thought. I'm not sure that I entirely understood the question.

Benjamin Berglund: Me and the rest of the CE team were releasing a discussion today updating the CE prop that didn't pass and we plan to go live on Monday on Shane. do you think that's a good idea or no? Because of the network upgrade.


### 00:10:00

Benjamin Berglund: I'm hoping it will be a fast upgrade and‚Ä¶

Benjamin Berglund: maybe all validators will be active this time around. But what do you guys think? should we change today or

Scott Carruthers: So the network upgrade right now is scheduled for Tuesday morning.

Scott Carruthers: So if you were to launch a prop on Monday morning, there's from a technical perspective, there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. obviously there will be some period of interruption during the network upgrade that we're currently just estimating to be 60 to 90 minutes but obviously things possibly there could be complications and would take a little bit longer than that.  So, I think launching it on Monday would be fine. if there's really no urgency and you just want to have an entire voting period with no interruption, then again, if there's no urgency, you could wait until Wednesday instead. I don't know if Tyler has any thoughts, but I don't really think that it matters too much.

Scott Carruthers: I guess my guidance would be if don't think that if there's really no urgency and you want an unaffected voting period and again with no urgency, possibly wait till Wednesday, but I think it's fine either way.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think it's fine either I would agree wholeheartedly with what Scott said. Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: Yeah I agree as I'm part of the silly team. I think the best option would be to wait until Wednesday after the chain upgrade just to have the proposal live without the lag we're going to have some downtime probably during the chain upgrade. So hopefully not much but who knows.

Rodri R: Just my opinion it's not like it's urgent or maybe it can be done on Tuesday after the chain upgrade. maybe even as soon as the blockchain upgrade happens,‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: I'm sorry. Go ahead, R. Yep,‚Ä¶

Rodri R: we can take advantage of many validators being online and get them to vote.

Scott Carruthers: that's possibility. So yeah, it could be done late Tuesday or midday on Tuesday or wait until Wednesday. I guess if I think about it more again assuming there's no urgency and that there's no ramification of delaying for a couple of days along with having a full voting period and not being interrupted during the network upgrade.

Scott Carruthers: The other reason possibly you could make an argument for after the network upgrade either on Tuesday or Wednesday is obviously people are a little bit distracted leading up to the network upgrade. So if you really want to have validator attention and if you launch it on Monday, they may be rather distracted as they prepare for the network upgrade. So again, I don't think it really matters too much, but I guess all those arguments would lend themselves to possibly wait until after the network upgrade.

Tyler Wright: Good question, Any other items related to open issues or anything else related to network upgrade that anybody wants to talk about before we jump into our other agenda items? All right. moving on with the agenda. at this point we usually check with Akash insiders and other part members of the Akash community to see if there's any support teams in Discord or other channels that may be worth talking about. just as a reminder again there is a believe a docs meeting next week where again folks will talk about all things documentation.

Tyler Wright: This is a three every 3 months meeting. So every quarter I think I've dropped it in there already, but there is an updated doc for folks as they're getting ready for a network upgrade. this has been shared with again validators, clients, other members of the community, centralized exchanges. so again, there's been a lot going into that. but I just want to see if there's any other support related themes that are worth discussing. Go ahead, Roger.


### 00:15:00

Rodri R: So recently there's been a lot of users in Discord, doing the GM thing, good morning stuff. it's been recommended for vanguards and insiders and admins to delete those messages and maybe even ban some of their users. Not sure if the bot is using that blocking obviously they're not blocking GM. and then they're also changing it to hello and other words. I don't know if we're going to bend them or

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I will check in with some of the folks managing the Discord automod and mod tools. but yeah, I have seen that. I think Roger, you've called that on to a number of channels. So, something that we need to put extra attention on.

Rodri R: It's kind of like they're t trolling us.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, cool. thank you, Rodri.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the support side that anybody has seen that might be worth updating documentation or addressing some other way? They want to talk about it here. if not then again there's been a lot of testing  Shout out to a number of folks in the community that have spent the last few really months at this point getting involved in the Cosmos SDK 53 migration testing, testing a bunch of functionalities, edge cases again along with the core team. It's really gone a long way in helping to prepare us again for this moment. again, Akos mainet 14 is scheduled for next Tuesday.

Tyler Wright: The vote is unchained right now and I think it's already reached quorum. and so again if you haven't voted yet, please look at the documentation. Prepare yourself if you are a validator. again there will be a procedure like we always do where validators will upgrade first.  Once the blocks are being produced again and the network has some stability then again the community and the core team will come together and determine when it's time for providers to do upgrades. So please stay extra attentive in Discord and other channels for any news and any other announcements that may be coming over the next couple of days.

Tyler Wright: Again, the approximate time for the network upgrade is around 13:23 UTC. but that time is subject to Jam. And again, it's just approximate based upon block height and as we get closer to network upgrade, there will be announcements made and hopefully folks on this call and other calls can help share those messages to folks across the community for updated timing for the network upgrade so that we can make sure that we're all there at the appropriate block height.

Tyler Wright: anything else that I've missed that anybody wants to discuss before let you all go? Cool. If not, then in about 40 minutes we will have a SIG providers meeting. again, October is a long month with five weeks. So the steering committee will be next week. but there's a number of other SIGs and working groups over the next few days and week that folks can get involved in. again, SIG clients, which is not a regularly scheduled meeting, will also be meeting next week. So, get folks involved and, looking forward to this network upgrade next Tuesday. Thank you, Scott, as always for leading us through issues awaiting triage and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: appreciate everybody, attending and listening in later. Have a great rest of your day.

Benjamin Berglund: Thank you

Rodri R: You guys.

Rodri R: Thank you guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:25:39 üëã

