# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #51

## Agenda

* Review of pending issues in the support repository and triage status
* Updates on core roadmap-related initiatives impacting support
* Discussion on Burn Mint Equilibrium and smart contract enablement
* Testing improvements and network stability learnings
* Infrastructure roadmap updates including virtual machine support
* Community, Discord, and documentation updates
* Open forum for support themes and Vanguard feedback

## Meeting Details

* Date: Wednesday, December 17, 2025
- Time: 07:00 GMT-7
- [Recording](https://46o4wkdgxpw7xlqwmzff2fkfgiywiranri3t7t6m4fhqp732fqka.arweave.net/553LKGa77fuuFmZKXRVFMjFkRA2KNz_PzOFPB_96LBQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* Rodri R
* Zeke Ezagui
* Andrew W
* Damir Simpovic
* Joe Deng
* Kenny R
* My Enemy

---

## Meeting Notes

* **Opening Remarks**

  * Tyler Wright welcomed all participants and confirmed the meeting recording and transcription had started.
  * Tyler explained the purpose of the Support SIG as a space for discussing all blockchain-related support issues on Akash.
  * He clarified that provider, node, and core blockchain issues live in the support repository, while console-related issues are tracked separately but surfaced here for visibility.
  * Tyler noted that the meeting would focus on issue triage, roadmap updates, and open community feedback.
  * Facilitation was handed over to Scott Carruthers for triage review and issue walkthrough.

---

* **Triage Overview (Scott Carruthers)**

  * Scott reported that there were **no issues currently awaiting triage** in the support repository.
  * He highlighted this as the **second consecutive month** with no untriaged issues.
  * Scott emphasized that the absence of pending triage does not indicate inactivity.
  * He explained that issues are being triaged and assigned in real time as they are submitted.
  * Scott clarified that active development and issue resolution are ongoing despite the clean triage state.

---

* **Burn Mint Equilibrium Update**

  * Scott provided an update on the Burn Mint Equilibrium initiative being developed by the core team.
  * He shared that the release enabling Burn Mint Equilibrium could be deployed imminently.
  * Scott explained that a dedicated Burn Mint Equilibrium testnet will be launched following the release.
  * He noted that the testnet is expected to evolve into an **incentivized testnet** to encourage community participation.
  * Scott indicated that initial testing may begin with insiders and core contributors before broader community rollout.
  * He suggested that incentivized testing would likely begin early in the new year rather than during the holiday period.

---

* **Smart Contracts and Pricing Oracle**

  * Scott discussed the introduction of **Cosmos WASM smart contracts** on the Akash Network.
  * He clarified that smart contract support will initially be **highly scoped and restricted**.
  * The first supported use case will be a **pricing oracle**.
  * Scott explained that the pricing oracle is required to provide on-chain AKT price data.
  * This pricing data is necessary for the minting logic behind Burn Mint Equilibrium.
  * Scott emphasized that smart contract enablement and Burn Mint Equilibrium are closely linked initiatives.

---

* **Testing Improvements and Network Stability**

  * Scott highlighted lessons learned from previous network upgrades.
  * He referenced a bug discovered during an earlier upgrade that was not caught in testing.
  * Scott stated that the issue required an emergency upgrade that could have been avoided.
  * He explained that stronger unit testing and end-to-end testing would help prevent similar issues.
  * Scott shared that Luna and Artur from the core team are actively improving test coverage.
  * The focus is on broader unit tests and holistic end-to-end testing for future upgrades.

---

* **Infrastructure Roadmap: Virtual Machines and Bare Metal**

  * Scott discussed internal roadmap discussions around bare metal and virtual machine support.
  * He confirmed that the decision has been made to prioritize **virtual machine support** first.
  * Scott explained that community demand, especially from AI model developers, influenced this decision.
  * He noted that bare metal support remains on the roadmap for the future.
  * Virtual machine support will be implemented using Kubernetes.
  * Scott shared that initial research and validation testing has already been completed.
  * He confirmed successful testing with persistent storage and public IP address allocation.
  * Scott expressed confidence that virtual machine support could be delivered early in the new year.

---

* **Documentation and Community Updates**

  * Tyler Wright resumed facilitation and shifted discussion to documentation and community support.
  * Tyler gave a shout-out to Zeke Ezagui and the core team for significant documentation improvements.
  * He highlighted restructuring of navigation, updated graphics, and improved clarity.
  * Tyler acknowledged contributions from the Design SIG, including Dennis and others.
  * He noted the addition of previously missing documentation for console features and APIs.
  * Tyler encouraged community members to submit issues or pull requests for documentation improvements.

---

* **Community Support and Contributor Onboarding**

  * Tyler introduced Joe Deng as the new community manager for the Akash Network.
  * He explained Joeâ€™s role as a point of contact for contributors and community members.
  * Tyler encouraged anyone interested in helping with community support to reach out to Joe.

---

* **Vanguard and Discord Feedback**

  * Tyler invited feedback from Akash Vanguards regarding support trends.
  * Rodri R reported no major new support issues in Discord.
  * He stated that anti-spam measures appear to be working effectively.
  * Rodri noted occasional challenges for new users attempting to create providers.
  * He shared that community members are being guided to the correct documentation and channels.
  * Rodri raised a concern about USDC escrow requirements not being reduced alongside AKT.
  * He mentioned that this issue is expected to be addressed during the Burn Mint Equilibrium upgrade.

---

* **Closing Remarks**

  * Tyler Wright thanked all participants for their contributions.
  * He noted that this meeting marked the final Support SIG call of the year.
  * Tyler highlighted the successful Cosmos SDK migration as a major milestone.
  * He acknowledged the contributions of validators, testers, and the open-source community.
  * Tyler encouraged continued engagement through Discord and GitHub between meetings.
  * He closed by wishing participants a happy holiday season and confirming the next meeting would take place in January.

---

## Action Items

* **Scott Carruthers**

  * Oversee the release and testnet rollout for Burn Mint Equilibrium.
  * Continue coordination on smart contract enablement for pricing oracle support.
  * Support expanded unit testing and end-to-end testing initiatives.
  * Advance planning for virtual machine support implementation.

* **Tyler Wright**

  * Continue coordinating documentation improvements and community communication.
  * Support contributor onboarding through the community manager role.
  * Maintain engagement with Discord and GitHub support channels.

* **Rodri R**

  * Continue monitoring Discord for support issues and onboarding challenges.
  * Surface recurring community concerns related to provider setup and escrow requirements.

* **Joe Deng**

  * Act as a point of contact for new contributors interested in community support.
  * Help route community questions and contributions to the appropriate teams.

* **All Participants**

  * Review documentation updates and provide feedback where needed.
  * Participate in upcoming testnets and support initiatives.
  * Engage in future SIG meetings and asynchronous support discussions.

## **Transcript**

Rodri R: Hey, Zik.

Zeke Ezagui: Hey RJ, how's it going?

Rodri R: All good. How are you? Hey, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: All right, I'm going to wait another minute or so. again, I know that a lot of people are busy for the holiday season. so we'll just have this for recording sake, but I'll wait another minute or so and then we can get kicked off.

Tyler Wright: All right. Unless anybody has any issues, I'm going to start recording transcribing. I think we already actually welcome everybody to Stink Support. It is Wednesday, December 17th. during the special interest group for support the AOSH community comes together to talk about all things related to support and issues on the AOS network.  So everything related to the blockchain lives in the support repo and is tagged under provider or node and again we use this time to triage and talk about any open issues in the support repo as well as if anybody has any issues related to console or anything else again you can bring those issues up.

Tyler Wright: usually we have somebody from the console team here. but again, we can also just make sure that any issues are reported in notes and then we can follow up async. I'll hand it over to Scott who usually leads us through triaging issues and we can get underway.

Scott Carruthers: All right. Thanks, so this is actually the second consecutive month that there is no issues in awaiting triage. so this could be quick. For some reason, I'm not able to share the single tab in my browser. So I'll just share my desktop for a second.  So as I was saying we typically go through procedure of ensuring that is triage to the proper team. but if I look at things that are currently in awaiting triage there are no items. so we don't have to do that exercise this morning.

Scott Carruthers: so I guess since we don't have that, I'll just quickly go through so to be clear, the fact that this is now two months that we haven't had to go through that triaging exercise doesn't mean that there's not a lot of development going on or there's not issues that are being identified and addressed. It's just a matter of we're handling those issues as they come in or we're at least going through the triage process as they come in. So again, I don't deem it as a lack of activity.  it's just things are not going unassigned as they're hitting the support issues. so again since we don't have to go through that triaging exercise I'll just go through maybe the first handful of new issues just possibly to provoke some interesting conversation in the community. and then when I'm done with that I'll obviously during that if anybody has any questions feel free to raise their hand.

Scott Carruthers: and at the end we can discuss any issues that I haven't covered if there's any interest. So looking at and I think these are items that most of the community are aware of but just to ensure if we look at the newest issues we have BME on Akos or the Bermit equilibrium. so this is something that Arthur primarily on the core team is working on right now and we believe that the release enabling BME possibly could even drop today or sometime later this week at that time. the core team will take that release and build a new BME test net that we're going to open to the community.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: It's actually eventually going to be a incentivized test net. because this is dealing with new token minting, we definitely want the community going in and seeing if there's any issues with the implementation. so again, we'll do a incentivized test I'm not sure that incentivized test net will happen before the holiday season or before the new year. We might spin up the BME test net for insiders and the core team to experiment with. then the incentivized test net I would guess probably wouldn't happen till the early part of next year but that's yet to be The second issue that's directly under the BME on s smart contracts on Akos is very much related to the Bermint equilibrium.

Scott Carruthers: so I think we've talked about this in this meeting before, but enabling Kumwazum smart contracts on the AOSH network and initially it being very targeted support and very limited smart contract approval and implementation on the Akasha network and that initial smart contract and implementation is around a pricing oracle. so as we get into the permit equilibrium and the mechanisms behind converting from AKT to act a Kos compute token that's kind of at the heart of BME. during that process we need to have a live programmatic knowledge of the current AKT price.

Scott Carruthers: so that's the whole reason that we're initially enabling cousin and smart contracts is for a pricing oracle and to get onchain transactions of the current AKT price for minting purposes. so I would very much associate those first two issues as kind of a cohesive we need smart contract pricing oracle to enable BME. so again those two issues are very correlated. as we go down the list and again just talking about some items that maybe we weren't on this board the last time that we had a support SIG call implementation of greater end to end test.

Scott Carruthers: So this is something that Luna from the core team and Artum our newest core team developer are working on this kind of in tandem. So probably self-evident but a greater end to end test. so we hit some issues during the it's actually not the last network upgrade, but the upgrade before that there was a bug that wasn't caught. so we believe that those bugs could be caught and then we needed to have an emergency network upgrade and we obviously believe that those issues could be caught much sooner if we have better coverage, better unit testing and holistic end tests.

Scott Carruthers: so while we're waiting the BME test net and some other initiatives a couple members of our core team are ensuring that we have greater unit tests and holistic end to end test coverage. and then I think the other two items that I was just going to touch on are bare metal support and virtual machine support.  So I think we made the definitive decision that we are going to move forward with virtual machines on the AOSH network before we introduce bare metal support. So there was kind of a internal debate on what we want to move forward with and where there's more interest in the community.

Scott Carruthers: and specifically with AI model developers is there more interest in bare metal support or virtual machine support and are we going to more effectively move the needle and increase utilization on the AOS network and I think we're going to do both bare metal support and virtual machine support but I think we've made the internal decision that we're going to move forward with virtual machine support first using cubevert so that's a effort that Luna from the core team  is doing some research on and I've actually done a decent amount of research and validation myself. Earlier this week, I was testing making sure that virtual machines work with stuff persistent storage and metal LB for public IP address reservations and things like that.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: So yeah, my message we should be moving forward with virtual machine support on the Akasha network probably very shortly after the new year and from an engineering perspective and the research I've done I don't really think it's a incredible effort. So hopefully we're able to realize that support very early on in 2026. so that's just kind of my review of some of the issues that have hit. these are mostly a roadmap items. There aren't a lot of new issues that are like break fix support issues or bugs that have that we've encountered over the last month or since we've met last. They're mostly again roadmap items that were moving forward. But I just wanted to do a tour of some of those issues since we met last. so I'll leave it at that.

Scott Carruthers: But again, open forum now if there's any issues or matters that anyone in the community wants to discuss that I didn't cover.

Scott Carruthers: If not, I will stop sharing. Maybe there'll be some other conversation or that comes up during our meeting. but for now, I'll hand it back to Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Really enjoyed that in-depth look at some of the things that again may not be awaiting triage anymore because they've already been opened and closed or again are actively being worked on. Are there any other open issues whether in the console repo that anybody wants to highlight or bring up so that anybody here can kind of speak to it or again we can make sure that anybody on the console team is able to address any issues anybody from the community is having. Cool.

Tyler Wright: All right. If not, then again, we can always use this SIG support channel in Discord to talk about any issues, whether it's an issue that somebody from the community wants to contribute to, an issue that somebody is brought to the surface that the core team is working on that they need some clarity on or again want to provide some additional examples.  So again, feel free to use this call and the six support channel to talk about anything as it pertains to again just the port repo or anything related to the blockchain for the Kosh network lives and then the console repo where anything related to again the console lives.

Tyler Wright: Another agenda item that we have typically done as a part of the six support call is checking in with members of the Kosh insiders or vanguards about any support needs or any support themes that they've seen over the last month. we talk about again behaviors in Discord. sometimes some of the issues that folks in Discord are having to make sure we can update the documentation if it needs to be updated andor we can update products or again resolve those issues. a big shout out since our last six support call Zik who's on this call has worked with other members of the core team to update and overhaul the documentation. so if you go to aos.networkdocs

Tyler Wright: network/doccks. You'll see a restructuring of navigation bars, update of some graphics, a big shout out to the sik design, Dennis and some others for their support there. and again, there's a fair amount of documentation that wasn't there historically related to console and some APIs that is now in existence. again please take a look at the documentation. If there's anything that anybody's seeing in terms of themes in Discord or other channels that can be improved by documentation, please make suggestions either as issues in the website repo or just make suggestions by creating a PR. I usually call upon Rodri and I do want to give a shout out to Joe who's also on this call.

Tyler Wright: Joe is the new community manager at the Akos network. again, we talked about this in a number of calls at this point with a steering committee, s community, and a number of others. so again, he's an additional resource for those that are looking to contribute. again, he can help point you in the right direction. but again, anybody that wants to get more involved in providing support to folks in the community whether it be Discord or elsewhere should reach out to Joe and again he will help direct you on how to best leverage your abilities. But Roger, I usually call upon you because you're an active Vanguard.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's anything and you can put a thumbs up or thumbs down if there's nothing that you want to report, but just want to see if there's any themes that you've seen in Discord in terms of support issues or support tasks for anybody that's trying to deploy or build a provider.

Rodri R: Nothing really new. but for anti-cammers seem to be working. some people have had some issues to create a provider but we try to help the guide them to the right spot. Seems they're okay.  Although some people are kind of complaining about looks like the USDC escrow amount never got reduced like AKTD did. I don't know I believe is what it was last year or the year before from 5 AKT to 0.5 and USDC still remains at five.  So maybe a god prop could be on sik said that during the BM upgrade this will be fixed.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Rodri. are there any other themes that anybody else has seen in Discord or other channels that should be brought up as additional ways to support folks that are deploying or building providers on the network? All right. just want to see if there's any other topics related to support that anybody wants to make sure that we bring up. All right. If not, then at the top of the hour, we will have the last sick providers call of 2025 where we'll get some updates from the team behind provider console and all and some other items related to provider.

Tyler Wright: so feel free to join that call which is happening in about 42 minutes. again this is the last six support call of 2025. It's been the big year. There's been a lot going on again with the biggest item being that Cosmos SDK 53 migration. So big shout out again to everybody that was helping out along the way testing various functions throughout the year. create again updating validator nodes making sure that was as successful as it could be. again Scott mentioned some additional testing that will be implemented for future network upgrades. but again all things considered that Cosmos SDK 53 migration went off fairly well and again big shout out to the open source community for all their help there.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else, then again, to those listening in later, again, happy holidays. see you all in, January 2026 for our next six support meeting. If anybody has any issues that they want to talk about, getting more involved in, learn more about, again, feel free to use the six support channel in between our meetings. and, we'll get some feedback again feel free to write a comment inside of a specific GitHub issue and then get some feedback there. Thank you again, Scott, for leading us through issues and support repo. and again, hope everyone has a great rest of their day and we shall see you all soon.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks everyone.

Rodri R: Thank you guys. See you soon.

Tyler Wright: Bye-bye y'all.


### Meeting ended after 00:19:29 ðŸ‘‹
