# Akash Network â€“ Support Special Interest Group (SIG) â€“ Meeting #52

## Agenda

* Review of support issues and items awaiting triage
* Core engineering focus areas for 2026 support efforts
* Updates on BME testing and related support implications
* Review of support repo health and response velocity
* Console and API-related support feedback from the community
* Identification of recurring support themes from Discord
* Open discussion and next steps

## Meeting Details

* Date: Wednesday, January 28, 2026
* Time: 06:59 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* Recording: Coming Soon
* [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Benjamin B
* Fenil Modi
* Joe Deng
* Rodri R
* Scott Carruthers
* Tyler Wright
* Zeke Ezagui

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks & SIG-Support Context

* Tyler Wright welcomed participants to the January SIG-Support meeting
* He explained that SIG-Support focuses on support-related issues across Akash
* The call is led by Overclock Labs core engineering members
* SIG-Support serves as a forum for issue triage, support themes, and collaboration
* Community members were encouraged to raise issues live or asynchronously via Discord
* Tyler highlighted that more engineering capacity is now available in 2026 for support

### Support Repo Status and Triage Review

* Scott Carruthers shared his screen to review the support issue board
* The board had been mostly clear of issues awaiting triage
* A small number of new issues were created shortly before the meeting
* These issues were identified as recent and pending further due diligence
* Scott committed to reviewing and assigning them after the call
* Increased responsiveness is attributed to additional engineering resources

### Core Engineering Focus and Momentum

* Scott highlighted strong momentum following the Cosmos SDK v53 migration
* Significant engineering focus has shifted toward the Burn-Mint Equilibrium
* BME requires accurate and reliable AKT-USD pricing via an oracle
* Extensive internal testing has been conducted on the pricing oracle
* An internal testnet is currently active for BME validation

### BME Testnet and Incentivized Testing

* The current testnet is primarily used for internal validation
* Plans are in place to launch an incentivized public testnet
* A detailed test plan has already been prepared
* Public communication will include a blog post and clear instructions
* Incentives will reward both structured testing and adversarial attempts
* The goal is to surface edge cases and vulnerabilities before mainnet release

### Additional Support-Relevant Improvements

* Scott noted several user-experience improvements being worked on in parallel
* Lease close reasons on-chain are currently inaccurate or misleading
* The core team is fixing attribution to improve Console clarity
* A bid pre-check API endpoint is under development
* This endpoint will allow users to know if bids are likely before deploying
* The goal is to prevent failed deployments due to unavailable resources
* These changes aim to reduce confusion and improve deployment success

### Console and API Support Feedback

* Tyler opened the floor for Console-related support concerns
* Benjamin B raised an issue with the managed leases API
* API responses do not always reflect the real deployment state
* Port information is missing or inaccurate in responses
* Users are currently relying on undocumented workarounds
* Multiple users have encountered this issue
* Scott requested that a formal GitHub issue be created with examples
* The team committed to reviewing the issue once documented

### Community Support Themes and Feedback Loops

* Tyler emphasized the importance of surfacing recurring user issues
* SIG-Support acts as a bridge between Discord feedback and engineering action
* Joe Deng continues to monitor community channels for emerging themes
* Community members were encouraged to report confusion, spam, or UX friction
* Documentation gaps and feature needs should be escalated early
* The goal is to prevent issues from persisting across multiple months

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler thanked Scott and the engineering team for updates
* Appreciation was given to community contributors raising real user issues
* Participants were encouraged to bring more voices into SIGs and working groups
* A reminder was given about the upcoming SIG-Providers meeting later that day
* The meeting concluded with encouragement for continued collaboration

## Action Items

### Scott Carruthers

* Review and triage newly created support issues
* Continue internal and public testing preparation for BME
* Advance fixes for lease close attribution and bid pre-check API

### Benjamin B

* Open a GitHub issue detailing managed leases API inconsistencies
* Provide examples and expected vs actual behavior

### Joe Deng

* Continue monitoring community channels for recurring support issues
* Help surface support themes to SIG-Support and engineering teams

### Community Members

* Report reproducible issues via GitHub where possible
* Share recurring support pain points in the SIG-Support Discord channel
* Participate in upcoming BME testnets and provide feedback


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: everybody. we'll wait another minute or so. I know Scott will be joining us soon. He and I are just in another meeting. but hope everyone's having a good Wednesday thus far. we'll get kicked off in a second. I know we're already recording.  again. I hope everyone is doing well. it is Wednesday, January 28th, 2026. During the special interest group for support, the Akash community gets together to talk about all things related to support on Akos.

Tyler Wright: these conversations are led by members of the overclock labs core team on the engineering side that we have an agenda that we talk about on a monthly basis. First item in that agenda is to go over any issues that are awaiting Anybody that has created those issues or cares about those issues can again feel free to get involved in that conversation. and again there's always ability for people to contribute and get involved in helping to solve some of these issues. I know as 2026 moves on the core engineering team overclock labs is spending and it's going to continue to spend a lot more time in the six court repo where a lot of time was spent in 205 focusing on the cost SDK 53 migration and making sure that was a success.

Tyler Wright: there's going to be a fair amount more effort taken on again continuing to solve more support issues and I know that Joe Deng who's on the call who's a community manager for the Akash network is always looking for people in the community and ways for them to contribute and again maybe some of these support issues become a way in the future after we go through issues that are awaiting triage and any other issues anybody else wants to discuss. then we usually take a little bit of time to see if there's any support themes in Discord or elsewhere that might be worth calling out. If anybody has any other items that they want to make sure gets discussed during this six support call, feel free to drop them in the chat.

Tyler Wright: And again, if anybody who's listening to this later, wants to get more involved in these discussions and can't make this meeting time, feel free to, put a message in the SIG support Discord channel with, potentially better meeting times for yourself or just questions that you want answered discussions you want brought up during this call. Cool. Without further ado, I'm going to hand it over to Scott to seeâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if there's any issues awaiting triage or if there's anything else in the support repo that's worth discussing.

Scott Carruthers: All right.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, let me share out open issues. Is everyone able to see my screen? Looks like it from the meeting.  So yeah, I think we might be going through a stage where myself and Zeke and some other engineers within the core engineering team we have more resources now. So I think as things hit the sport issue board, we're just have more resources and we're more attuned and are able to hop on classification and triaging as those issues come in.

Scott Carruthers: So I think that may explain why for the third consecutive month we actually don't have anything in awaiting triage. so just to prove that if I put it into that's okay there are a couple. So I actually looked at you can say that they were just created in the past hour. so we do have some items in waiting triage. Let me just see. these I think one was BME related. So I'll go through these. I don't want to take too much time on the call because I want to go through these in detail and make sure they're legit.

Scott Carruthers: And I usually do a cursorary analysis before we get on this call so that I have some knowledge of these. again since these have h happened over the last couple hours I make sure that these are assigned but I want to go through and do some due diligence to make sure that they're legit before actually assigning them to team members. so good that I went through that. as you can see, the board was clean a couple hours ago, but there's a couple awaiting triage. And again, I'll handle those after the call. sorry, I was just going through. So, they were both created by the same user. So, yeah, we do have some awaiting triage, and I'll make sure that those are rectified. thinking that there wasn't going to be anything in awaiting triage I was going to use the time just to go through what's going on in the core team and some matters of focus and importance.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: So we got through the Cosmos SDK upgrade a couple of months ago and immediately after that we started investing a lot of time and energy to the architecture and the implementation of the burn mint equilibrium which most people on this call are probably familiar with from the proposal. so the biggest thing again in the core team right now is some momentum.  So we started by doing a lot of scrutiny of the pricing oracle that is used as part of BME. So in order to execute on the BME spec we need to have constant knowledge of the current AKT price in association to USD. so there's been a lot of scrutiny over the last couple weeks in the pricing oracle.

Scott Carruthers: I've personally done a lot of testing in a internal test net of the pricing oracle. and then after the completion and testing of the pricing oracle, we're now kicking off a test net to do full BME scrutiny and testing. so initially we're going to be doing some testing of that internally and the test net is actually so if you look in the repository when I said this is an internal test net currently anybody could use it but currently the focus is mostly on internal testing and as soon as we've done some validation of BME in that implementation we will then be opening up an incentivized test net which I've already created the test plan for. So we're far down that path and should be able to introduce an incentivized test net in the very near future.

Scott Carruthers: There'll be a lot of public communication about this. We're going to write a blog about the incentivized test nets. there'll be a very thorough test plan. and obviously incentivize people can earn rewards for going through testing that the testing will be a mix of some very concrete commands and scenarios that we're asking the community to test and then there's probably going to be larger incentives for people to go outside the box and try to break BME in any way.  So that's the reason that we made this into an incentivized test. Now we want to ensure that there's no edge cases or dangers with BME that we don't catch in our own testing. So obviously if you put out rewards and you're asking people in the community to attempt to break this in any way, we should get some great feedback. so those are the number one items.

Scott Carruthers: we're also doing some bug fixes and some other implementations that are not as significant as BME, but some things that are important to the community. so things off the top of my head currently the on onchain data is not correct. A lot of times you get a invalid closed reason.  So the core team is currently addressing lease closed reasons so we can get better attribution in aos console and just better attribution for users. we're also working on a bid pre-check API endpoint.

Scott Carruthers: So this will give people in Akos console the ability before actually creating a deployment the bid check would give you the ability based on your SDL knowledge of if you're going to get bids on the network which is something that we've wanted to introduce for a long time you shouldn't have to it's not a good user experience to have to create a deployment and then find out that there's no H200's on the network to support it.  So that brid check will again allow users to ascertain some intelligence before actually creating the deployment. so BME is certainly exponentially the biggest focus within the core team right now but we are also checking off some of these important user experience issues. so I don't know if anyone else has any thoughts Tyra or Zeke or anyone else on the team but those are the things I would highlight primarily.


### 00:10:00

Scott Carruthers: And obviously a lot to come in the next couple days with the announcement of the incentivized test net and the associated test plan. So with that any questions about BME or the other items that I talked about being tackled by the core team if there's questions outside of any of that happy to address as well. okay.

Scott Carruthers: If anything comes up as the call goes on, let us know. but if no other questions, I'll hand it back to you, Tower.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Again, any other questions about any other open issues in the support repo? or does anyone have any questions about any open issues that could be passed along to folks on the console team? Go ahead, Benjamin.

Benjamin B: Thank you, I have written about this on Discord as well. I don't think there's an open issue on GitHub The API for console for the managed leases doesn't fully work. there's a difference between the expected result from an API call and what the reality is.  And right now there's a workaround which was reverse engineered from looking at how console uses their own back end. But I have seen two or three users have to use this workar around now.

Scott Carruthers: So, Ben, obviously a best way to dig deeper into this would be creation of an issue and if you can give us some examples, and if that's better, we can table it and wait for the issue with some of the I'm just wondering off the top of your head when you said that  the manage wallet API what it returns as status and the reality are not the same. do you have any examples of what kind of activities are people trying to do through the manage wallet API that the reality doesn't match the output?

Benjamin B: Yeah, I don't have the exact API call that they used,â€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Benjamin B: but it has to do with the ports being requested. So when they want to see what ports your deployment has, they're unable to do so. Yeah, I think those parts are being left out completely right now andâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: And for all node part assignment is not accurate in the response some.

Benjamin B: there is a workar around that people have to useâ€¦

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Benjamin B: which is not very

Scott Carruthers: All right. Yeah. stating the obvious. yeah, if you have some specific use cases and could open an issue in the console repository, yeah, we'll definitely take a look.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Ben, for bringing that to attention. And I'm sure Joe has echoed this. but there's similar to what I just described with the support issues and with more resources as Scott mentioned there will be more of an effort to solve a lot of those issues and support repo as quickly as possible. the same thing goes I know there's a lot of issues that the console team works on but the goal is to continue to speed up that process across a number of different efforts so that users don't run into the same problems over and over and over again over month period of time it's solved and then so much appreciate Ben. I know that you work with a fair amount of customers for bringing these items to attention and making issues with examples. hopefully we can get these things turned around and solved very quickly.

Tyler Wright: I guess that's a great segue. we have a couple of folks that are very closely involved with the community on the call. I know Ben just outlined some behavior that's going on with the manage wallets API that folks are having to do kind of like a duct tape workaround for and an issue will be created for that.  But just want to see if there's any other themes with users in Discord or in other channels that can be solved via documentation or new features or whatever the case may be.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: trying to see if anybody that's involved in the Kosh insiders or is the Kos club community as a whole has seen any themes that they want to highlight and share with this group.  If not then again feel free to if you see anything as it pertains to spam activity ation confusion around process again if there's not already an issue in the support repo or the console repo please drop a message in six support channel or make sure that Joe or one of the Akos insiders is aware so that they can share these kinds of things with the broader community

Tyler Wright: So we can highlight, prioritize, and make sure these issues don't persist over long periods of time. Is there anything else support related that folks on the call want to discuss? If not, then again, in about a little over 40 minutes, we'll have the sick providers call. we'll talk about a number of provider related items including some upgrades that are happening and new provider releases that are on the horizon PIP 3.5 and a number of other provider related discussions. So thank you to everybody that's joined the six support call today.

Tyler Wright: again, please get folks more involved in these SIGs and working groups so we can hear more opinions from people in the community and then again get folks real time with members of the core team and other teams building in the community that can share insights and continue to push the project forward. If there's nothing else and I hope everyone has a great rest of their day hope to see many of you all at SIG providers and again thank you for your participation.  Have a great day, And thanks to all those listening in later.

Scott Carruthers: Nice one.

Benjamin B: Thank you.  Bye-bye.

Rodri R: Thank you. you live.


### Meeting ended after 00:18:00 ðŸ‘‹


