# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #53

## Agenda

* Support Repo Triage Review
* Console vs Support Repository Issue Routing
* BME Incentivized Testnet Support Update
* Core Team Development Updates
* Discord Support Themes & UX Feedback
* Network Upgrade Announcements
* Open Discussion


## Meeting Details

* Date: Wednesday, February 18, 2026
* Time: 07:00 AM PST
* Recording: Coming Soon
* [Transcript](#transcript) 


## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Scott Carruthers
* Joe Deng
* Rodri R
* Fenil Modi
* Damir Simpovic
* Joao Luna


## Meeting Notes

### Opening Context

* Tyler opened the February Support SIG meeting and reiterated the purpose of the Support SIG.
* Issues related to blockchain, node, and provider repos are escalated into the Support repository.
* Community issues are first handled by Insiders in Discord, then escalated to the Core team if needed.
* Bugs require detailed GitHub issues to ensure efficient triage and resolution.

---

## Support Repository Triage Review

### Misrouted Issues Identified

* Scott reviewed all issues labeled ‚ÄúAwaiting Triage‚Äù in the Support repository.
* All open issues were related to Console or Manage Wallet API functionality.
* These issues should have been opened in the Console repository, not Support.
* No new provider/node-level issues were awaiting triage.

### Action

* Tyler committed to following up with Pyber and Sandeep to migrate issues to the correct repository.
* Correct repo routing will improve response time and ownership clarity.

---

## BME Incentivized Testnet Support Update

### Testnet Status

* BME Incentivized Testnet launched February 17.
* Testnet scheduled to run for two weeks.
* Participation exceeded expectations.
* Insiders are handling the majority of support inquiries effectively.

### Phase Two Testing

* Current testnet uses manual price feeds.
* Secondary test phase will incorporate Pyth smart contracts.
* Internal testing of oracle contracts already complete.
* Potential smaller public testnet for oracle integration may follow.

### Circuit Breaker Activity

* Circuit breaker event scheduled for March 24 at 16:00 UTC.
* Trigger will be initiated by Core team during test window.

---

## Core Team Development Updates

### Log Forwarding

* Feature will allow tenants to access logs and Kubernetes events after deployment closure.
* Critical for debugging pod crashes.
* Code complete and pending rollout.

### Lease Closed Reason Tracking

* Upcoming network upgrade to populate lease closure reason on-chain.
* Will indicate whether closure was provider-driven, Kubernetes failure, or other cause.
* Code complete and under internal testing.

### Upcoming Network Upgrades

* Precursor upgrade to support smart contracts on Akash.
* BME implementation upgrade planned following successful testnet.
* Validators encouraged to monitor Discord announcements closely.

---

## UX & Console Feedback

### Community Feedback

* Numerous UX issues surfaced around Console, SDK, and credit card onboarding flows.
* Feedback being collected by Insiders and relayed to Core team.
* Some issues can be addressed via documentation improvements.
* Others require product-level updates.

### Recognition

* Tyler gave a public thank you to Joe Deng and the Insiders for surfacing and organizing UX shortcomings.
* Rodri, Fenil, Phoebe, Pyber, and others recognized for active BME support.

---

## Discord Support Themes

### Project Sharing Channel

* Community members requested a dedicated Discord channel for showcasing projects built on Akash.
* Previous public sharing channel removed during Discord restructuring.
* Some users experience auto-moderation bot bans when sharing links in general chat.
* Concern raised that projects get buried in general discussion.

### Proposed Solution

* Consider creating a dedicated ‚ÄúWhat I‚Äôm Building‚Äù or project showcase channel.
* Ensure moderation allows appropriate link sharing.
* Projects must be Akash-related.

---

## Role-Based Notifications

* Community reminded to configure Discord roles.
* Helps filter deployer vs provider announcements.
* Reduces notification overload and improves engagement quality.

---

## Action Items

### Tyler Wright

* Coordinate migration of misrouted issues from Support to Console repo.
* Evaluate creation of project showcase channel in Discord.
* Follow up on UX feedback consolidation.

### Scott Carruthers

* Continue BME testnet monitoring and support oversight.
* Prepare rollout for log forwarding feature.
* Advance lease close reason network upgrade testing.

### Core Team

* Announce upcoming network upgrades.
* Finalize oracle-based BME secondary test phase.

### Insiders

* Continue frontline BME support in Discord.
* Surface recurring UX pain points.

### Validators & Community

* Monitor Discord for network upgrade announcements.
* Participate in circuit breaker test event on March 24.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG support monthly meeting. It's Wednesday, February 18th, 2026. During the special interest group support, the Akash community comes together to talk about all things related to support on Akash. the agenda is usually as follows.  all issues that are related to the blockchain or the provider experience.  So the node or provider repos those issues get triaged and dropped in the support repo.

Tyler Wright: and then again during this SIG support monthly meeting u folks like Scott from the Akash core team go through any issues in the support repo triage any issues that are awaiting triage and then anybody from the community can ask questions or again contribute to solving any of the issues that are in the support repo.  These are issues that are escalated from again the community in discord and other channels mostly fielded by the Akash insiders and then again if there's an issue that's can't be saw by the insiders it gets escalated to the core team there seems to be a bug then again we ask the creator of that issue or the person that found the issue to create an issue with as much detail as possible after we go through items that are awaiting triage

Tyler Wright: in the support repo and talking about any issues anybody wants to talk about in the support repo. then we do see if there's any themes related to support that are happening in Discord which is the main building channel as well as other channels like Reddit and otherwise we have some Akash insiders here to help with that. Without further ado, I'm going to hand it over to Scott from the Akash Core team to see‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: All right.

Tyler Wright: if there's any issues that are awaiting triage that need to be triaged here today or if there's any issues anybody from the community on the call wants to get some more clarity on and discuss in more detail.

Scott Carruthers: Thanks, I'm going to go through the traditional exercise of So, I'm obviously in the support repo and looking at current issues. I'm going to isolate this just to things that are awaiting triage. when I do this, I was looking at this before hopping on our call and all prior weeks, we actually have a rash of open issues. and I was going to wait to see if Piber or Sandeep actually joined this call, but I don't see them Tower actually something I want to verify with you as well. if we look through all these issues, these are 100% console and manage wallet API related. so as you can see the very first one manage wallet console Next one's incognito ooth for trial setup swagger for console API.

Scott Carruthers: So the long and the short of this is I believe that all these issues actually should have been opened as issues on the console repository instead of the support repository. Is that correct?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that makes sense to me. So, I'm going to reach out to Pyber and‚Ä¶

Scott Carruthers: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Santi to make sure all these issues are moved.

Scott Carruthers: All right. And yeah with that as you I've gone through each of these individually. I think I got down to this one just as we were speaking.  The next one's a credit card payment and Kosh console managed API. So yeah, all these need to be migrated to the console repository. and with that we don't have anything else in awaiting triage. So no new issues actually open for the AOS node codebase.  So, with that, if there's any issues that anybody in the community wants to discuss that aren't listed here, please let us know. before I conclude, I'll just give a quick update on some of the things that are going on in the core team that many of the members of the community are priority aware of. but let me just ensure and again, if you have any questions in these regards, let me know.

Scott Carruthers: the big item this week is obviously the Akash BME test net opened yesterday on Tuesday February 17th and is going to run for a twoe period. we've been getting a lot of participation probably maybe even a little bit exceeded our expectations getting a number of submissions. We're getting excellent support by the Akash insider community. so I've had to do actually very little support and our insiders have been able to take most of the issues that are flowing through discord. So again that test net will run for two weeks. we will probably also have a secondary test right now that BME test net the price feeds are coming in from a manual feed in the second test net that's going to be outside of this current twoe window.


### 00:05:00

Scott Carruthers: we'll actually have Pyth contracts so we've already done extensive testing of that internally. We already have a internal test net up and those smart contracts are running successfully and no issues. but again there may be a smaller public test net for smart contract use with BME functionality as well. so that's ongoing.  also in the core are working on a number of other backlogged issues. one of them being log forwarding for a provider. So this will give the ability for tenants to be able to look at logs and events after deployment closure. so obviously that's something that's been requested for the community for a long time.

Scott Carruthers: If you have a pod crash within a provider Kubernetes cluster, it's obviously beneficial to be able to go back in time and look at why that pod may have crashed. so be able to look at the logs and the Kubernetes events for that is rather vital. We have that code complete. and we believe that that will be rolled out any day.  So, that's one of the things being addressed by the core team. I'm trying to think of some other things, currently in development. we will be having a network upgrade before the a precursor network upgrade.

Scott Carruthers: that is to solve the population of lease closed reason on blockchain records. so if you go into a lease and that lease is knowledge on why that lease was was it closed by the provider because they were being taken offline was it lease closed because of a Kubernetes other issue. so another thing that's been long anticipated by the community of not only being a look at logs and events as I just covered but also a blockchain record of why leases are closed. so that's also I believe now code complete. we're actually doing some testing of that on a test net internally as so off the top of my head those are the big items that are kind of prominent right now. Obviously the BME test net is the big item of the week.

Scott Carruthers: and then also the core team while we're continuing to work and release BME are checking off some other long outstanding issues as well. Any questions or thoughts or concerns about anything that I just covered or any issues that' I'm not currently displaying on the board, but maybe some other issues that anyone in the community wants to discuss.  Okay, there's nothing else. I'll hand it back to you, Tower.

Tyler Wright: Thanks, I just dropped a message to Sand Deep in Pyiver. I see Joe who's a community manager for kos. so I know that Joe you talk to a number of key insiders on a regular basis.  One thing that Scott just called out is there are a number of issues that have been created inside the support repo. that's where everything that's like provider related or node related to the blockchain kind of live. I think these issues u that pyiver and sand deepep created were more so suited for the console repo because they're related to console specifically or manage wallets API or the console API.

Tyler Wright: so I've dropped a message as an action item for Pyber and SanDeep to look at those issues and then make sure that they're in the appropriate repo for fast response. I think on that note, I do want to give a big shout out before I transition to next part of the agenda around just general support.  I know a lot of people have been giving a great deal of feedback to Joe and others about maybe user experience shortcomings as it pertains to console chain SDK etc. everything from as simple as being able to set up with a credit card and being able to sign in and use these applications to more advanced stuff when deploying.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: I just want to give a big shout out to again everybody in the community and then all the insiders that have been fielding these questions and passing along this information to the core team. I know this is something the core team is actively looking at and looking to solve all these kind of lowhanging fruit user experience shortcomings. so again, please continue to share those in public channels or make sure that Joe is aware of any, user experience issues.  If there's things that we can solve through contributions from the community and education, we'll do that. If there's things that need to be solved via product, again, we'll continue to push as a community on some of those items. So, I just want to again give another shout out to folks on this call and Joe for kind of, being this tip of the spear kind of pushing those things forward. Again, natural segue into the second part of our agenda.

Tyler Wright: as Scott mentioned, a lot of the Akash insiders that heard early access to the BME incentivized test center are now providing support to testers of the BME incentivized test.  Big shout out to really Rodri, Fenil, Phoebe, there's a number of other people in the community. piber, Joe, and others that have just been providing feedback, validating information, again, providing support outside of those channels.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any other themes in Discord or elsewhere that may u be worth talking about as a support special interest group. I don't know if anyone's seen anything in, Reddit, Discord as a theme that's like, this seems to be an issue here or something that could be improved with, process, pooling, documentation, etc.  Go ahead, Rogers.

Rodri R: Hey guys. so just wanted to share that some people or users in Discord are building their own stuff and they asked a few days ago if there they could share it in general chat or in another channel. before the discord was updated some channels were removed and I believe we had a public channel to share stuff.  I don't know where they should be allowed to post that or not.

Tyler Wright: I think we did used to have a channel is the issue that if they share a link in general chat that it'll cause autoban issues or something like that like general chat you don't think is a good place to share kind of projects and updates.

Rodri R: Yeah, besides that, some users haven't been able to share their links the bot bans them.  But other than that, if we share their bills on general chat chat, they may get lost or whatever they're wanting to show off.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's a good call out. I don't want to put Joe on the spot, but that's something maybe, we could think about as a core team and maybe creating some sort of way for information to be shared a, things I'm working on channel where links are more easily accessible and maybe less comments or‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: whatever the case may be. But I think it's a good col.

Rodri R: Yeah. and‚Ä¶

Rodri R: obviously whatever they share should be focused on a cost not their party project.

Tyler Wright: Good call out, Perfect. yeah, we'll take some action on that, but I think it's a good call out. Just want to see if there's any other themes that anybody wants to call up.

Tyler Wright: I don't know if it's been a busy morning thus far. but if I didn't call out Venold by name, I meant to. So, I know he's been helping in a number of different fronts.  So, yeah, again, big shout out to everyone here and then some people that are not here, that are again very, very active with insiders during the BME incentivized test net as well as just in general in Discord and other channels. All right. If there's nothing else, then again, I'm going to follow up with some of those issues that are awaiting triage and make sure that they're in the right repo so that they can get the attention that they need.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: again, if anybody has any other issues that are in the support repo they want to have further discussion between meetings, please feel free to drop any of those issues and tag myself. We can make sure that it gets added to the agenda to talk about and at the next meeting or again we can talk async in between meetings and talk about contributions, progress on some of these issues, timelines, whatever the case may be.

Tyler Wright: As Scott mentioned, we talked about this a little bit yesterday during SIG chain. Please, if you are a validator or just interested community member, look out for announcements as it pertains to a few network upgrades that are planned. again, one around the lease close issue. the second one around bringing smart contracts to Akash which is a precursor to the BME implementation and then again following the success of the test net and then some additional testing and work from the core team.  Then that third network upgrade that's planned over the next couple of months is to implement BME. I know that beyond that again as Scott mentioned there's a lot of work being done by the core team including developing a number of specs as a part of the roadmap and a VMs provider updates and provider improvements. So look out for a number of announcements.

Tyler Wright: I think this has already been put together but if you haven't already please look at the roles in the discord so that you make sure you have the appropriate user roles so that you can stay up to date on all things that are important to you. again I know there's a lot of messages and a lot going on in the Akash community.  So, if you don't care about the provider experience and you only care about the deployer, just make sure that your roles are updated so that you don't miss out on any deployer related news and you don't get, spammed by anything provider related that maybe isn't as important. But there are a number of provider updates on the horizon. Again, look out for SIG providers happening next week to get a little bit of advanced information.

Tyler Wright: But please stay tuned in Discord and look out for announcements across a number of different initiatives, implementations, improvements, All right, if there's nothing else, then I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. again, thank you to all those that are providing support. The BME incentivized test is running through March 3rd.  Next Tuesday, March 24th will be the circuit breaker activities. I think it's planned for 1600 UTC.

Tyler Wright: so again look out for announcements in discord as well as on social media regarding category six the circuit breaker activity which will need to be again triggered by a member of the core team to complete that task in the beam incentivized test net. Hope everyone has a great rest of our day. Scott, thank you again as always for walking us through any issues.


### Meeting ended after 00:18:47 üëã


