wg-provider-attributes/README.md, before:

---
title: "Provider Attributes Working Group"
date: 2023-1-10T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network Provider Attributes Working Group

This working group is for figuring out the schema for how providers specify attributes and for maintaining a list of required and optional provider attributes that can be referenced by Akash Network providers.

## Meetings

Joining the mailing list for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.

- Meeting 1 (e.g bug Scrub): \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Meeting 2: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Regular WG Meeting: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

## Leads

  - Name (GH Handle)
  - Name (GH Handle)

## Contacts

- Discord (add link)
- Mail list (add link)

## Goals

- Decide on provider attribute schema
- Document key attibutes including features, capabilities, hostname and location
- Figure out communication and roll out strategy to update existing providers
- Make code changes to provider code, clients and deployment code to enforce and use the attribute schema


## PRDs and other documentation
- PRD


## Related SIGs

- sig-provider
- sig-clients
- sig-deployments

Commit message:

Added links to provider attribute schema

wg-provider-attributes/README.md, after:

---
title: "Provider Attributes Working Group"
date: 2023-1-10T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network Provider Attributes Working Group

This working group is for figuring out the schema for how providers specify attributes and for maintaining a list of required and optional provider attributes that can be referenced by Akash Network providers.

## Meetings

Joining the mailing list for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.

- Meeting 1 (e.g bug Scrub): \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Meeting 2: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Regular WG Meeting: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

## Leads

  - Maxime Beauchamp (@baktun14)

## Contacts

- @baktun14

## Goals

- Decide on provider attribute schema
- Document key attibutes including features, capabilities, hostname and location
- Figure out communication and roll out strategy to update existing providers
- Make code changes to provider code, clients and deployment code to enforce and use the attribute schema


## PRDs and other documentation
The implementation of the provider attribute schema currently resides here:
- https://github.com/ovrclk/cloudmos-config/blob/main/provider-attributes.md
- https://github.com/ovrclk/cloudmos-config/blob/main/provider-attributes.json

A form to use this schema has been implemented on Cloudmos in the providers section: https://deploy.cloudmos.io/providers


## Related SIGs

- sig-provider
- sig-clients
- sig-deployments
