sig-support/README.md, before:

---
title: "Support Special Interest Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG)

Defining mechanics of how support works and organizing a distributed support team for Akash.


## Meetings

[4th Wednesday of the month at 11am Pacific](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)



| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wed, Jan 25, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link]() | [Link]() | [Link](https://oeqff22hfuk5ykubxssnw5ldpzdzdeboatqr4fusrsdl6qwmczfa.arweave.net/cSBS60ctFdwqgbyk23VjfkeRkC4E4R4WkoyGv0LMFko)

## Leadership

- Scott Carruthers, Overclock Labs



## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751101964779581/1065683574629617774)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-supports participates in or contributes to (ToDo: Add links when available)

- [Support Gihtub](https://github.com/akash-network/support)

Commit message:

update to transcript link
Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-support/README.md, after:

---
title: "Support Special Interest Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Support Special Interest Group (SIG)

sig-support is responsible for defining mechanics of how support works at Akash Network, as well as organizing a distributed support team across the world.


## Meetings

[4th Wednesday of the month at 11am Pacific](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)



| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wed, Jan 25, 2023 11:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-support/meetings/001-2023-01-25.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-support/meetings/001-2023-01-25.md#transcript) | [Link](https://oeqff22hfuk5ykubxssnw5ldpzdzdeboatqr4fusrsdl6qwmczfa.arweave.net/cSBS60ctFdwqgbyk23VjfkeRkC4E4R4WkoyGv0LMFko)

## Leadership

- Scott Carruthers, Overclock Labs



## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751101964779581/1065683574629617774)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-supports participates in or contributes to (ToDo: Add links when available)

- [Support Github](https://github.com/akash-network/support)
