
# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Updates from various clients on progress, pain points, etc starting with Praetor and Cloudmos.
- Follow up on any items from [last months meeting sig-clients Monthly Meeting](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-clients/meetings/002-2023-02-15.md)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 15, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://liubv4bbk44bj6eebql4th7szqza375tjmw5jcajheyvzkiu5m5q.arweave.net/Wiga8CFXOBT4hAwXyZ_yzDIN_7NLLdSICTkxXKkU6zs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Denis Lelic
- Deval Patel
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Joseph Tary
- Max
- Scott Carruthers
- Stan
- Tyler Wright



## Notes

- Anil called out all of the clients in the sig-clients Repo. The goal is have a repo from each client team, and each team can give an update on what they are working on.
- Anil talked about Console. There is a low barrier of entry.
- Console is trying to optimize for someone not familiar with Akash or how to deploy. 
- The second group is focused those who want to run nodes on various chains.
- Console is open sourced. This was initially part of Overclock Labs closed repo, but it is now open source. 
- Setup took Anil 5 minutes to setup. 
- There has been one contribution already from the community. 
- If anyone is a react developer, there are a number of ways to get started. Check out the [console contributions page](https://github.com/akash-network/console/contribute).
- Next for Console is Authz. See the spec here.
- Joseph mentioned that the goal is standardize SDL process across all clients.
- Joseph and Anil talked about issue #
- Luna talked about client libraries.
- Go Library is almost done. There is a blocker with Cosmos SDK. 
- Luna and team are still having issue with gRPC for Javascript. 
- Libraries are closed right now, but will be open soon.
- Anil asked if there needs to be a meeting.
- Anil talked about marketing. Luna wants to market to developers.
- Jigar talked about Praetor. They are going to put their proposal. 
- They have already begun refactoring code. 
- Wg-content-moderation working group is closed. 
- Luna wants to understand how are things versioned and how this process is affected by network upgrades.
- Anil mentioned that the process is going to update the process. 
- Max talked about Cloudmos.
- Cloudmos newest features is Live Shell.
- Max brought up issue #13 which is a blocker for the shell feature.
- Anil commented on issue #13 to emphasize importance of solving this issue.



### Action Items

- Jigar to make a folder for Praetor in sig-clients repo.
- Luna will ask Giancarlo about progress on 1.1 and see if a meeting needs to be setup.




# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: not really sure who Stan was, um, again, if anybody is not aware, this is a third monthly meeting. The last couple. Everything could be found as it pertains to SIG clients. In this repo right here, the meeting minutes can be found right here. I know the last monthly meeting, it was a presentation from Spheron. There was update on console Clan, libraries, and Greg also gave a presentation. You can see the action item and obviously watched recording and read the transcript as well. But again, want to pass it off to Anil to get us started with this month or this month's meeting.

Tyler Wright: Can you all hear me? Yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, thanks Jenna. I'm gonna steal the screen from you.

Anil Murty:  So as Tyler said, If you want to get information about anything that's discussed here, you should head over to Akash Network slash community. And then go into the Sick, Clients folder here. What I did is actually created a folder for every single client that I'm aware of, just to get us going. Um, United realize it never actually created a folder for Prater. So I think we should do that. I don't know. Jigar, if you want to do that or you want me to Okay, either way. What you prefer would be great if you did, you know, creative or For wait or in this and added any information. Basically the idea is for each of these, we want to communicate, you know, generally what the clients is, what the goals are and anything you want to talk in terms of the roadmap and you have a pretty extensive road map as well. so, That's just general information. Luna, you have your end up good.

Joao Luna: It's just a quick questions. Whether is prater considered a clients orâ€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think.

Joao Luna: like it's copies more on seek providers.

Anil Murty: Yeah, good question. So I think the last time we talked about this even though technically it's not a deployment clients, it still is a client, it's used. It's a client for spinning up, essentially, a provider. So, last time, I think we talked about this in realized that it makes sense to include them in the clients Sig. But if you have a alternate quarter opinion, Up.

Anil Murty:  Yeah so jigar I guess you'll be fine creating that so that'll be great. If you do that outside of that last time we talked about spare on X that it length. I was hoping we would have another partner of league come by this time, but I forgot to actually message them and So next time hopefully we'll have fleek but I can get us started with a few updates on console and then we can see if anybody else wants to talk about. One of their clients. so, console specifically, The biggest update in the since the last SIG meeting is, of course, that console is GA. Now, it's generally available as a beta. So we still have to beta tag meaning, Given that it's not gotten a huge amount of user interaction. You want to make sure if there's any issues people are aware that it's still not completely like fully tested as such.

Anil Murty:  We've done whatever testing we can from our side. But then this is a good found when you put it out there. So there's something to keep in mind but you know, so far the feedback has been pretty positive from the people that have tried it. People like the fact that it is really clean, there's no use a login involved in getting into console. So there's like a low barrier to entry and overall the experience of somebody new trying to deploy on to Akash is fairly straightforward. For people that are not familiar with the workflow here. Essentially, what we're trying to do is we're trying to optimize for two or three different types of use cases right now.

Anil Murty:  The first use case is somebody that is not familiar with Akash and not familiar with you know, what a deployment is like. So for the those people that come into this UI, The simplest thing they can do is click on this fun and games, click on deploy now and you'll notice that there is no like overwhelming and mode of information in terms of, you know, giving people SDL and sort of overwhelming them with trying to understand Yaml and all of that. So what we've done is try to keep it as minimalistic as possible for somebody who is just, you know, using Akash for the first time. And if it's somebody that is, you know, kind of familiar with Akash a little bit, but has never done a deployment. Then they may be interested in looking at, you know, some of these things where they can go into week, any of these settings on their own without having to again worry about understanding the structure of the animal file.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Or, you know, worrying about making mistakes in its format. So that's the idea here is to give a simple and easy to use interface with somebody that wants to change things and you know, and then if somebody's curious enough, they can go. And look at these changes inside this STL file. And then anytime somebody makes a change to this, SDL or to one of the parameters here. Like, for example, if I increase the number of CPUs or the memory here, this automatically reflects inside the updated STL here. So that's the general idea is, you know, somebody who's not familiar with Akash has never used it before in come here and not get over them.

Anil Murty:  There are outside of that the second sort of user group that we have targeted, is people that want to run nodes on various chains. And what we've done is we've made templates for each of the different cosmos change today. The main ones that we wanted to showcase sort of up front. And all of these templates. Are basically covered by a JSON file that essentially sits inside inside darkest network repo. So if you go inside here and you look for A particular folder called Deploy Templates. The presentation has a templates that you know, indicate, what's going to show up inside one of these styles. So in case of our cash, for example, there's a major data file that indicates what we want to be showing when somebody clicks on this.

Anil Murty:  So the whole idea of doing this was if tomorrow, there is a new note that we want to support and if we have, you know, the SDL tested out like, you know, some of our community, folks constantly update and provide new sdls. Adding it as a as a first last template to, this is very straightforward and requires no rebuild of console for more redeployment of console. A good example of that is a scava thing that we had in recently. This was added just a couple of weeks ago and this is for deploying Akava RPC. No. And we're looking at, put HD doing a campaign with cover and so that was kind of driven by this. So very similar concept, here it goes up, car note for you, So, that's kind of the initial version of Console. And yeah, give it a try, if you haven't yet, but yeah, we're looking for feedback.

Anil Murty:  We also have open Source console. So initially when we started console, this was kind of towards a second half of last year. We initially it started as a internal project overclock labs and it was part of our closed source repository.

Anil Murty:  Since then the, as we decided to go to an open source model, the start of this year, console was one of the things that we open sourced at that point. And we've transferred, any of the issues that existed that were not close prior into this repository, and then we've also cleaned up the read me here. So anybody that wants to, you know, set up console locally and develop or, you know, be able to develop features or fix bugs for console. Getting started with Council, is really straight forward. Instructions are out here. It's literally took me. There's a video of me doing this myself to me about five minutes to get this up and running. So really straight forward for somebody that has you know basic understanding of setting up a local live environment. and we also have a bunch of issues that, you know, some of these are carried over from our previous repository.

Anil Murty:  And some of them are new issues that are files since we had console. So great place for people to contribute. And in fact, we've gotten At least one contribution since the time that we open source. This came in this week. From Jonas, so he you know found an issue. Where a third, you know, he felt like it didn't make sense to have the great cert button. When a wallet was not connected, very found another issue where sometimes multiple search for getting generated. So we went there and submitted a pull request for that and it was merged now. So it's awesome to see these contributions coming in through as well. so,

Anil Murty:  you know, if anybody on this call is a typescript or react developer or knows of anybody that is a typescript react developer or is interested in like, you know, improving the skills, if you just say, console slash contribute. There is a list of there's a subset of the issues that we have marked as good first issues that we think are good ones for people to get started with the relatively low lift. You know things like increasing size of a log window or adding a certain information to the provider details page, things like that. So yeah, lots of cool updates on the console side. in terms of things that we're going to be looking at next, specifically, you know, Joe can talk about this as well, but there's a couple of key issues that Joe is focused on one is,

00:10:00

Anil Murty:  Um, improving the error reporting when certain failures happen in console. So we do fair amount of error reporting in console today which is improving that would let us be able to debug issues faster when they happen. So that's this issue that you was working on. And then There is another where we want to expose configuration options for being able to set a RPC mode in a chain ID and this is going to be important particularly as we look at using Console for different tests. Like, for example, the GPU testing is coming up. So that's what he's focused on right now. And then after that, will most likely unless there's like any blocker issues. We'll most likely be looking at something called authorized spend. So, I just talk a little bit briefly about authorized spend, and then Joe, if you want to talk about any of these issues or anything else, you can jump in. but essentially, authorized spend is again, something that

Anil Murty:  Is a new feature for Console. And the idea again is to support, you know, sort of two or three different use cases. And if you want to look at where authorized Spend is documented, you can go to C Clients Console And disappeared for authorized spend there. So just talks about kind of what the goals are for this. Who is it going to, Who was it, kind of users that will benefit from this? And you know what, what exactly do you want to support in this? But essentially a high levels idea here is, if you're a, if you're part of a team that is using console in your organization, let's say it's, you know, some with three company that is deploying on, managing the static website with Console.

Anil Murty:  I You can have one single wallet and be able to, you know, have funds in that. And then have your team members utilize from that, from that one single wallet utilize funds for deploying without actually having to have three or four different wallets with separate funds in them. And so that's the general idea. This is also useful. If we want to be running marketing campaigns, like in the case of kava where you know, co-clock labs may decide to give people a certain amount of money to go ahead and you know, do deployments using console and spin up comma nodes or something else. This would be very similar in some ways to the model that the public cloud providers have where You get a certain number of free credits for signing up for, for example, GCP or Azure.

Anil Murty:  And that's incentive for you to be able to go and try out the product. And so, this is useful from both of those angles. And pause, they receive. There's any questions and also invite you if he wants to talk about anything specific on console

Joseph Tary: Get covered everything pretty thoroughly. So, there's some other things that we are looking at just as far as like you know, as you start getting user feedback for things some stuff that come up like around sdls that have you know, comments in them currently to define areas that you just have to customize before deployment. Looking at ways, you might be able to create at least sort of a de facto standard for ways of those sdls, to communicate to clients that there are fields that users have to modify before deploying.

Joseph Tary:  We're still just kind of coffee different ideas around for that, but at some point, we'll probably bring up a proposal. Hopefully, we can get a standard across a different clients so that everything uses it and there's no gonna be, you know, issues between using an SDL and one client or another. But, yeah, and that kind of stuff that I was talking about around, making it, you know, play nicely with different chain, IDs different, RPC, nodes. And then also just good feedback for errors because right now, you know, we report things but sometimes years aren't exactly good at communicating to users. What the next steps are that to take to address the problem or that, you know, the problem is something they can't correct. And they have to just, you know, change something and Like with the RPC note or something like that, where there's just you really nothing they can do about it.

Anil Murty: Yep, that's a really good call out. Yeah, so specifically, you know, this is the issue that talks about it, if anybody wants to understand a little more, but essentially, the idea is that, you know, we have a set of Readily available Stls that are inside omnibus inside. The zombie was repo for deploying, you know, nodes to various teams. Sometimes there are specific parameters that need to be changed by the user before, they actually go ahead and use these these deals. One way to do that is for the user to go. And look at any comments inside the sea. But a better way is, if CON is able to somehow detect that a certain parameter, needs to be changed, or is a required parameter and essentially block on that. While the user is deploying, so that they're forced to go and change it.

00:15:00

Anil Murty:  That would be a much better user experience and so that's kind of the context of what you was talking about.

Anil Murty:  Cool. Any other questions or thoughts on console? Come before I went up the stage for anybody else that wants to talk about their clients.

Anil Murty: Small. I'm gonna stop sharing again.

Anil Murty: Here. oh,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay. Say that again, Anil.

Anil Murty: you want

Anil Murty: Yes, the change the UI in Google meets for stopping screen shares. It's used to be a button and now it's something else, but, yeah, I figured out. Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright:  That's good.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so that's updates on console. Like I said, I mean, we would love any other contributions in terms of, you know, reporting bugs. Implementing any low-level features, anything or that sort. So if you have friends that are react typescript or you know, gamble front-end developers, it'll be good project for them to look at And yeah. So

Joao Luna: Hi. Hello. So regarding the client libraries. No, no major steps were taken regarding the Java one. We are still having issues with the grpc notes but since lasting meeting we had a major major advancements on the Go library. I would say It's almost complete. We are now blocked by Cosmos SDK and after is also, Aware of this issue. We are just waiting for a new tag on the node repo. and that's the only thing really,

Joao Luna:  Before there is a an available API that people can start testing out. We are also advancing on a bunch of event tests, unit, testing preparing documentation at the code level, we want to be producing. The like user documentation yet. And yeah, that's that's pretty much it. We we now have fully functional API.

Joao Luna:  With everything that was specified on the spec. So, we support all the The Requirements, There we are. Still not supporting the 1.1 version of the specification that has all the errors and such Because we haven't yet agreed on on that. But the One.0 is,

Joao Luna:  Specification is completed with. This is on sync with, with the code base.

Anil Murty: Hey Luna. Yeah thanks for the update. That's awesome. Really really cool that you guys are, you know pretty much have a working version of it. On the 1.1 specification. I know there's a pull request that's open. It's been open for a while. Is there anything you need from our side meeting from the Overclock game side? I know there's like a comment from Giancarlo.

Joao Luna: No.

Anil Murty: But do you think we need like a meeting or something? To discuss the comments here? Is it just blocked on something else at this point?

Joao Luna:  I'll discuss with him and I'll let you know. I'm not really sure. As of now, I've been focused on the implementation of the 1.0 So, I'm not really aware of on the progress on on 1.1.

Anil Murty: Okay, sounds good. Thanks. But I'm using word.

Joao Luna:  Hopefully, yeah, hopefully, for the working group. I'll make a demo. I'll talk to I'll let you know and and we can can do them on on the working group session, People can can have a look and hopefully by then it will be open sourced and people can start using it.

Anil Murty: Amazing. Yeah. Even even at the next clients, if you want you're welcome to do a demo in this meeting. It's We might even have more participation here than in the work groups or both.

00:20:00

Joao Luna: Yeah, okay sure. Yeah, we can do both.

Anil Murty:  Awesome.

Tyler Wright: Oh um Luna. I know that out of the six support meeting for the go libraries, there might be some updates. That would unblock you over the next at least. Before the next SIG clients' meeting. Is that something that you would throw in the SIG clients discord for people to test out prior to the meeting? Go library.

Joao Luna: What, what do you mean?

Tyler Wright: The go clients. You were talking about the only blocker being a Cosmos SDK blocker, that may be addressed over the next couple of days. Via a conversation, archer head earlier today,â€¦

Joao Luna:  Yes.

Tyler Wright: I was wondering, if that was only block or when it's ready, How did you plan to move forward? Would you put that in a SIG and this clients discord channel for people to interact with or wait meeting?

Joao Luna:  Yeah, so currently we have the repo private just for a matter of logistics and just taking you this year and once we release we release a working version. We also have a bunch of example, codes on that same repo that people can just copy, test it out. I'm planning on just Pasting, the repo writing a message on on the SIG, and have people test and in other feedback on it.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. All right, cool.

Tyler Wright:  Any other questions for Luna and client libraries?

Anil Murty: Yeah, not really question, but mostly just a, a comment. I'm also going to ping marketing, folks, Luna on our side. And once you have once I see an update, once you see an update from you on discord about the repo being open and the ones back ready, we can make a bunch of noise about it on Twitter.

Joao Luna: At the area. Definitely. We should target developers as well like try to to market it.

Anil Murty: Perfect. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  For developers.

Anil Murty: And if you I don't know like if you want more contributions from the community and stuff, if you do then, you know the console model of tagging good, first issues and stuff is something that you get.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, sure. Yeah. Now when once it's open it's it's fully fully open source. People can just jump in there and start contributing

Anil Murty:  Perfect cool. Yeah, I think our folks on our side.

Joao Luna: I mean, I also like to note that I know Greg was interested in this and if it's, it's if it's of your interests of from your side, I can start sharing the library before making it public. So you can Give feedback right away before having it, open to the public. If it's of your interests are great interest.

Anil Murty: No, I think it should be okay. Go. To share more publicly. I mean, you go to bed, having it anyway, to version 1.1. So if somebody has feedback, we can address it in the you can address. It is a subsequent versions. I don't think it should block necessarily. And then like you discussed, right? If you're going to be showing a demo of this or of the 1.1 version and the next SIG meeting, I'm sure Greg will be on that. I think you're just pretty late for his time right now because he's in India.

Joao Luna: Okay. Okay. All right. No problem.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions related to client libraries?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I did want to just see if Jigar and the Pre-tour team wanted to talk about anything because I know that with this, fear on demo last meeting, they didn't get as much time as usual. Go ahead, Jigar.

Jigar Patel: Hey guys. Yeah, so basically like as a teenagers give us the highest up to go ahead and put our proposal. So We will do that soon and once we have that kind of, we actually like kind of like started working on it and we started talking our code. Plus we just goes out Our working Groupon Content moderation. So I'll also contributing that to make sure that our management and Moderation API is up and running into the library. So yeah. I will connect it. And if we need something on the

00:25:00

Jigar Patel:  Specifics, if you need to get any support from from the team, otherwise we could.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, any questions. For free tour.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. And then the only action item is just to create that folder in the repo for pre tour. And add some of the items that and you'll talk about.

Jigar Patel: Yes, definitely will do that.

Tyler Wright:  Perfect.

Tyler Wright:  All right. Um, does anybody else have any topics of discussion as relates to clients that they want to talk about right now?

Joao Luna: I do have some something my team is working on, but I'm not really sure if it fits the clients. Scope.

Joao Luna:  No. Yeah, no. It's more of a seat providers now that I think about it. So I'll leave it for the meeting.

Tyler Wright: All right, perfect. Thank you. Anything else. Anybody wants to talk about it? Pertains to SIG clients?

Tyler Wright:  Cool, I'm gonna add an agenda item that if Luna's team are ready with 1.1 and we'll do a demo at the next SIG clients meeting as well as try to get the folks from FLEEK to join the next SIG clients meeting to also give a demo. So those would be two action items that we will add for the next agenda.

Joao Luna: I'd like to add, It's not 1.1, It should be like something like the 0.1, but I would like to also align with you.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah.

Joao Luna: Like how, how should you version this? And maybe we can take this online or use this sign meeting. But basically, just think, how, how you might want to version this. Do we want to have like a six month

Joao Luna: Let's call it a public beta where we might break stuff and it's zero dot, whatever, versions. And then once we release it, go to 1.0 andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: If?

Joao Luna: start having a more stable. Release Schedule. How do you want to, or how do you like to? Approach this because I would like to be in sync with how things are done and releases are done in the overall cash network, and I don't want to have different process for the clients. Libraries. And without should also discuss how the network upgrades would will be handled for instance. If there's a breaking upgrade, the library should be released together. We the network upgrade, I think. But I'd like to discuss this with you and Have a better understanding, how should we should proceed? And how it should be should be done.

Tyler Wright: Cool as a retentive versioning. I'm going to pass that question off. Make sure it's answered by the proper folks, but I know there will be another SIG chain meeting prior to the network upgrade if we need to even have a working group session on network upgrade, the specific network upgrade version 0.22 then we can to make sure everyone's in sync. So I'll follow up with you offline to make sure that gets done.

Joao Luna: Okay, thank you.

Joao Luna: And regarding the alignment on clients library is releases and network upgrades. Should we should be on the working group or who should I contact?

Tyler Wright: Um, that's good question and Neil do you have any opinion on how we should structure the versioning?

Anil Murty: Reasoning for client libraries.

Tyler Wright: just general version across

Anil Murty:  I don't. Think we should like go super high overhead with it. Like my personal opinion is like, pick the versioning that works for you. but,

Anil Murty:  if you feel like we should have a discussion about it, I think maybe trying to think what's the best place to discuss it.

Joao Luna: I'm not too concerned regarding like a friend of like the way we version, but more like how we release for instance from your side when whenever far like from the cash network or the notes side, whenever there's a network upgrade, how, how will the clients be released? Because the libraries should be on pair with whichever version of the the network is

00:30:00

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah, so typically I think we have handled this by so at least on the node and provider side, we have idle just by releasing a new version of the node and provider and letting people know that they should upgrade to it. Only after the chain upgrade is done so it's not like There's no checks in the software itself. As far as I know, But it's been handled mostly like, by communicating it to people saying, Hey, upgrade to this version. When the chain upgrade is done, I don't know Scott. If you have other inputs on advert, that kind of my understanding of things. So you know, as if you're Clients updates are going to require certain things in the certain things to be updated in the team. Then that's something that I think we should discuss in the next available chain discussion.

Anil Murty: Does that answer your question when I understand correctly? Increasing?

Joao Luna: Yeah, so you talk from the change on the libraries, requiring the change on the Node stripe. Yeah, but the other way was around.

Anil Murty:  Correct. Yeah.

Joao Luna: I think we should also talk about it. If we change something that's breaking for the the APIs.

Anil Murty:  oh,

Joao Luna: you'll have to have some synchronization here because I mean we can just break The clients.

Anil Murty: Right, maybe and fish. This without me the best way to do this. Is a? where provided changes, obviously, The provider are attract very well. There's a pretty API report, right? That's means for it being so many different thing that is Potentially going to break something that you

Tyler Wright: Anil your connections. Breaking up a little bit. Has been hard to kind of hard to hear you for the last 15 seconds.

Anil Murty: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: It's better now better now.

Anil Murty: so what you're saying Luna's essentially? if I think the best way to do this, might be to flag it in one of the issues in either the provider people, or the node repo, or the API repo if you notice something that is going to be breaking change for you, And and then if needed, we can discuss it in the support meeting. Or in the SIG provider meeting or spin up, a circuit work group for it.

Joao Luna: Okay. Makes sense, from my side. Also, look into a way of having Automations to test the clients that the client works on a given version of the network. so we also work on that, so we can be sure that Our clients works across. very, And maybe you,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yeah, that'll be great.

Joao Luna: we could integrate that on the release of

Joao Luna: Network versions. So we could check if there's some breaking stuff on the clients and inform the clients instead of having me or whoever manually checking. If it's a briefings because we might miss and those tests won't miss. If the clients can deploy,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah.

Joao Luna: we know, we broke something.

Anil Murty: Actually, that was everything about it. Arthur was planning to implement a better QA process or, you know, accurate processes and been like perfect with chain upgrades, And he's planning to implement a queue process that the Cosmos team follows right now for their upgrades. I believe the osmosis team does as well, so he's been discussing it with them and I think it will be good to talk about this in the context of that. Any automation testing to make sure there's no changes that will break your Client. So maybe the next, I think Tyler. You said there's a chain upgrade meeting before the next generate a little bit.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Absolutely.

Anil Murty: This to the United

Tyler Wright: And then again if you can make an issue and put it in, If you go that route put in the support repo and just tag it no to provider and we will the SIG support which is the bi-weekly meeting. We can make sure that it's either added, You know, added to talking point, or you get involved in the environment or the testing process, or whatever needs to happen. So SIG chain and six support, but we'll follow up on that Luna.

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right. So I know we got a update on console. We got to update on client libraries. We also got an update on pretor. Um, Max. I know that you are running a little bit late and don't feel obliged. Did you have any updates that you want to give related to Cloud most?

00:35:00

Tyler Wright:  And if not, don't worry about it.

Max: Hey guys. I don't know since when well since the last meeting. Exactly. But we released well, I know what we released but I don't know if it's new to everyone, but yeah, we released the live show on the cloudboost deploy, which is basically the implementation of the Well, the life shell functionality, there's a There's a bit of a bug in it. It's on the providers code. I reported it. and, I hope it gets fixed. because currently only works like a small portion of the time that the that the deployment is up because And it was an issue.

Max:  Related to, I'm looking at the issue right now but anyways, the At some point, the he returns the for for like the you can't connect to the least shell anymore. So if you guys are working on that, just be great to fix this. And yeah, we are working on a new update to improve the providers.

Max:  Like detail displayed on on the platform. And during like the creative process for the bids and also to explore the providers. Again chill right now but it's going to be great.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Max:  So yeah, that's basically it.

Tyler Wright:  Alright, Max for the issue that you just put in the Chat. Can you just make a comment in that issue that this is still a blocker for something? Just like a quick message related to that.

Max: This is like a blocker for, for everyone using Lee Show. Not just us. Like it's a About carry for the future itself.

Tyler Wright:  Okay.

Max: So I think it's Very important to fix it. But you want me to say in the comment like this is important.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, don't worry about it. You're fine. Anyone have any other questions for Max about anything clubhouse, related or comments?

Anil Murty: Learn for Max. But I just added a comment to that issue.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you.

Max:  Okay, thanks.

Tyler Wright:  All right. Well again, I know that we're trying to get a presentation from FLEEK for a future monthly meeting and Luna and his team will be doing a demo. Hopefully at the next Sid Clients' meeting. So, if there's no other questions or comments, then I will certainly let you all go for today. And then any other conversation needs to happen. Please continue to have that conversation inside. Sid clients. Uh, discord or in a specific issue in the github repo.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Again, everyone have a great day. Thank you for joining.

Anil Murty: Thanks everyone.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:40:12 ðŸ‘‹



