
# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Updates from various clients on progress, pain points, etc starting with Praetor and Cloudmos.
- Follow up on any items from [last months meeting sig-clients Monthly Meeting]([https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-clients/meetings/002-2023-02-15.md)](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-clients/meetings/003-2023-03-15.md)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, April 19, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://flpgrlmt77pkodrrjhytoougl4aowcie2kxsoqy4zk4uavep7e7a.arweave.net/Kt5orZP_3qcOMUnxNzqGXwDrCQTSrydDHMq5QFSP-T4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Deval Patel
- Joseph Tary
- Max
- Nicolas Poggi
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright



## Notes

- Anil called out all of the clients in the sig-clients Repo. The goal is have a repo from each client team, and each team can give an update on what they are working on.
- Anil mentioned that he made some updates to the Praetor folder, via PR.
- Anil gave an update on Console.
- Console has been seeing a lot of engagement. A lot of contributions are coming in from the community.
- One of the big changes coming up soon for Console is improving the landing page. The role of console is to showcase any new workflows. 
- The three flows that Console is priorizing are node deployment, websites, and ML/AI.
- Anyone that wants to work on a React App can help with Console.
- Praetor team is working on boarding providers. They are dealing with some small issues, but they are still pushing forward. 
- Anil introduced Fleek.xyz and Nicolas from their team.
- Niccolas gave a presentation about Fleek.xyz, a client that will allow for users to leverage the Akash Network. Notes for Fleek.xyz can be found below.
- Max mentioned that Cloudmos is working to support GPU testnet. They should be up and running with integration in the coming days. 

Fleek:

- Started as [Fleek.co](https://fleek.co/). Fleek makes it easy to build websites and apps on the new open web: permissionless, trustless, censorship resistant, and free of centralized gatekeepers.
- [Fleek.xyz](https://fleek.xyz/) is new tech focused on web3. Fleek.xyz is the easiest way to build and deploy scalable web3 apps. Fleek is an open source, blockchain agnostic, extensible web3 development platform.   
- Fleek.xyz is fully modular and service based.
- Fleek.xyz has already been working on a Proof of Concept with Akash Network. 
- Want to help users with hosting and compute. Akash can help.
- Fleek.xyz is open source. 


### Action Items

- Anil will add titles for Clients teams in sig-clients readme file.
- Fleek.xyz team will add infromation to the folder in sig-clients repo created by Anil.
- Cloudmos team and Console team are getting clients ready to support Akash GPU testnet.
- Tyler will connect with Luna, Giancarlo and team to see when Client Libraries are ready to Demo.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to the fourth monthly meeting of SIG clients. Again, this is a meeting where a number of the clients that are being built on top of Akash, come together to talk about pain points, updates on things that they're working on and collectively again just come together on just to meet and go over what's going on on a monthly basis. We have a number of again clients represented here including Nicolas. So I think has been here for the first coming here for the first time from the Fleet team. Um You can find the agenda and the typical meetings in the SIG clients, read me.

Tyler Wright:  Um, There were two action items out of the last monthly meeting. One was for pretor to create a folder inside the sick. Clients repo, they have done that and then Luna is getting ready to give a demo. There's a sick clients. There's a working group around clients, libraries, that's been happening for some time. There are some I go clients and a Java clients that the Luna team Luna and the Pacers team are developing and there will be demoing that in the coming weeks or potentially at the next monthly meeting.

Anil Murty: Thanks Tyler. Hey everyone, so I'm going to go ahead and share my screen so we'll try to keep this as short as we can, because I know, the folks on this call are Really busy and working on a whole bunch of different things so I don't want to take off. You don't want to take a whole lot of time of yours. So people that are joining us for the first time, you can find all the information related to all the clients and the work that is being done by them. Inside the clients, see Clients folder under the Community Repository on Github. And so, that's the screen that I'm sharing right now.

Anil Murty:  And as Tyler mentioned, one of the actions from last time was for pretor to add a folder for themselves which is awesome. Thank you for doing that. Just a couple of things I noticed and actually just opened a full request right before this meeting for fixing them, is this needs to get renamed to play tour. So I just I did that. And then the second is we should add a section which I like basically a line here for indicating who the leads are. So I'll do that and indicate Do you want me to put both of your names or just one of them? They will. And jigger Not you.

Deval Patel: You can put my name card Trigger's name as well,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Deval Patel: that's fine.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. I'll do that. I'll make that change. I will put request already open for that. I'll just do it right after this. But yeah, thanks for adding yourself to that. And then I'm also going to split this into two sections, one to call out deployment clients and another another to call out provider onboarding clients so that anybody that's coming to Akash for the first time to this page, knows the difference between two. So on me that changes,â€¦

Deval Patel: Yep. That's good.

Anil Murty: but Awesome. Really cool. And then I know we have Nicolas on. So, hey, Nicolas! Thanks for joining us. Appreciate you joining this call. I know you probably have a lot going on other,â€¦

Nicolas Poggi: Hey there.

Anil Murty: folks. Hey, So, for folks, in the call, Nicolas is with a company called Fleek, Fleet.xyz. I think is the URL, and they're really cool company. That is basically building essentially like a. If I can say a person like deployment workflow for bed, three and they have integrated already, I believe with divinity. And And Ipfs. And so I think integration with Akash would be awesome and that's what they're working on and Nicolas will talk about more about that. But Nicolas, free for your information. I took the liberty of adding a fleet folder here. When we created this original folder structure, it's pretty much a placeholder at this point, for the most part.

Anil Murty:  So I hope this is okay to do number one and then second is if you're interested you're welcome to go and change this and make any changes to it or anybody on the FLEEK side is welcome to submit report request to update this page with anything that you want to convey. As far as the flea can, our cash integration goes, it's gonna call that out.

Anil Murty:  Amazing. Awesome. Cool. So that's just a general updates and sort of information for people that are joining us for the first time. Usually I go through updates on the console site because I lead that along with Joseph on the on the development side. And so I can do that but I want to see if the somebody else it wants to jump in the first this time because I always usually end up going first and take a lot of time, so I don't know if wait or team or Max or somebody wants to jump in. If not, I'm happy to go first.

00:05:00

Deval Patel: For us, it's mostly, we are helping provide like, I mean, Oh, providers on board are right now. He has some issues with whole Kubernetes like cluster onboarding. So, we are fixing that right now as you think, other than that, no updates from our side.

Anil Murty: Awesome. Thanks for the update deal. I'll do just a quick console update so I know I saw your comment Boz. I just want to, I didn't want to put Nicolas on the spot because the first time he's joining I figured it'll be nice for him to just get a couple of examples and then he can he can give us this update as well but If it's okay, I'll just give a console update and then I'll pass it with any Nicolas or Max.

Anil Murty:  So on the console side essentially, we've been seeing a lot of engagement essentially on the open source parts of the obviously open source console, a couple of months ago. And I just like looked at engagement over the last one month and we've had a free number of commits to the console repository from various people within the community. Obviously, Joe is still the huge contributor to this, but I'm seeing a sign of our contributions which is great. And, you know, there's been a lot of new updates to the product as well.

Anil Murty:  But one of the big changes that is going to be coming up soon is we're going to be cleaning up the landing page a little bit. So today the console landing page obviously points straight to the node, cosmos change, and the tiles for them. What we're going to be doing is doing two things. One is we're going to be adding a better landing page and idea is like console the goal. The console is not, you know, him is not to be like the primary department to we want. Obviously the the community tools to be, you know, used by everybody include. You know that is deploying on to Akash The world of console really is to showcase any new workflows that we want to showcase as in terms of a demo tool. And so with that in mind, we're kind of standardizing on these three primary workflows. The first is deploying a blockchain node. The second is deploying a website or blog and our Web service in general and then third is AM models. And so

Anil Murty:  So without in mind, we're going to be going to this new landing page that the Dennis has done a good amount of work designing. And helping us with the designs on. And so that's going on and then there's a lot of work that's been happening. And so we'll hopefully get this in the next couple of days related to. This is also updating kind of the metadata so that we can actually make these changes without having to update or redeploy console. So basically being able to change all this. Using the data files is, is another thing that is in the works right now. and and then following that we will work on these new titles for For the new two, new workflow options. So we have nodes, obviously today Cosmos nodes will work on Web services and Aiml next. So that's that's kind of what's going on in the console side really quick update. You know, any questions

Anil Murty:  Or thoughts from anyone about the updates on console.

Anil Murty:  Um, the other thing worth calling out on the console side is that Joe has been actively working on supporting changing in RPC, which it doesn't support today. And including supporting RPC servers for testnets. And so once that is done, we'll be able to support any existing testnets on console as well. I think those are the kind of the main updates, but there's obviously a lot of smaller issues being worked on in terms of bugs, as well as small enhancements. I won't go through all of them, but it's obviously all documented here. So anybody that's interested in it. And then I'll just put a call out there that anybody on this call or anybody that knows folks that are interested in working on a react app. That's open source, welcome to you know comment on any of these issues and indicate you're interested in working on them and we'll be happy to Take you into the into the pull request.

Anil Murty:  That's it for console, any questions from anyone before I stop sharing and pass it on to? Nicolas, or anybody else?

00:10:00

Anil Murty:  Well. I will Nicolas. I don't know if you had anything to present. Did you want to show anything I can stop sharing in give you this thing?

Nicolas Poggi: Yeah, 100% that would work perfectly for me. I mean

Anil Murty:  Go for it. Yeah, and feel free to feel free to take as much time as you want.

Nicolas Poggi: Oh, no worries. I'll do a brief in introduction in first over here.

Anil Murty:  Yeah.

Nicolas Poggi: Let me see. Does this work? Like it should,â€¦

Anil Murty:  Yes, coming up. Yes.

Nicolas Poggi: right? Yeah. So yes to say hi. Everybody Nico from here from the team, operation side of things going a little bit of marketing little product.

Nicolas Poggi:  Just a mission MASH. As always, you have around, what is FLEEK? You might know what you mentioned, for example, the definitive integration. And so that's the original platform Clique.com. It's been around for a couple years mainly focused on the Ipfs hosting and programmatic storage on decentralized protocols, like a BFS and Fogoing. It's been a good couple of years, 50K, websites, 3k and sites. They looking through the roof. Most dabs, as you might seen from ESI and UNISA, even Vitalik stock hosted here, but had some some things. In terms of restrictions, that's why we haven't approached an ecosystem, like a cash yet.

Nicolas Poggi:  The platform itself and how it was built was pretty rigid or particular, specific closed source not really expensible. And so technically for us to start thinking the broader pool infrastructure, protocols. It was a little bit of a mess to tool to take on this strategy. Basically, at one point we were like, we want to become the distribution of Overwork the infrastructure. As you might see in what two you have, you don't have that infrastructure problem because then there's tend to just provide all services in a unified experience and basically under the umbrella of the same provider so AWS CLOUDFLARE digital ocean and so on the website you know everybody's on their own and under corner and we're trying to help solve that. That's why we started rebelling the platform under fleetics. We see

Nicolas Poggi:  Um, we're still not there for our migration but the our roadmap today is to get to end up end of this quarter with the the immigration and feature priority ready. That means exactly the features we have today inflict.com, but under a new full Emoji, Lawrence Service case architecture. So that come you free, you Q4, we can work specifically and expanding all the services and protocols, we integrate in a faster and easy way. That's the whole cheats doing this overall migration. And why we started approaching different ecosystems such as a cash to start.

Nicolas Poggi:  Looking forward and understanding what those integrations will look like and how we'll bring them onto the platform as we share before. And in the last couple of months, we we did start our research on different Integrations with Attach itself. Doing a quick Pocio not quick but a pretty little PoC of how the service itself would look like Patch inside of the platform which an initial interesting state. We had still have a couple of questions that will iron out, but we'll probably bring on to the table as well to a future call. When the time is, is closer to that right now. Again, we're just focused on the feature set of the features, but that's the magic of just, this overall service folder that we're trying to do is basically cover. This, use cases for users on their, particularly hosting and compute. We can see cash as one of the providers to help solve different package compute use cases in.

Nicolas Poggi:  It's pretty straightforward, right? You just want to host the website done on a decentralizing pro provider, but inside of compute, the many of the great next questions for us as we get closer to the end, what closer to the end of this quarter, as we reach the end of this quarter eventually to understand what will be the priorities for example, when we think, Oh, how can a cash, come in full into the platform in terms of not just the generalist use case, but more particularly. What's interesting today to the users of cash and how can we better serve to that other than just also giving them a sandbox? So, right now, that exploration is probably the most important thing for us. It's part of our course, searching overall other than just akashi itself, all the other protocols that will be exploring in any capacity. Whether it's just under the fact that the platform, we with this new architecture, we can add modules as we go without much hassle to the rest of the platform.

Nicolas Poggi:  Gives us a lot of flexibility to to not really. Not not worry about future proofing, but if we start adding X or Y, or C services on under a cache or other protocols today, it means that in the future, we want to evolve those or at any others. The rest of the stock will go on affected, which means, I work development and integration come will be faster and easier. And so that's where we're currently at. Basically, a quick little update on our vision. The core of the foundation of this work has been said Now, basically, it's microservices and event-based architecture. That's really the heart of it. What leakage do they compare to what it was before? And that's what we'll enable us to start playing with an integrating protocols like Kukash, you know, better efficient way.

00:15:00

Nicolas Poggi:  That is pretty much state of day.

Anil Murty: Nice. The, so it's awesome.

Nicolas Poggi: It's the way it's the weekends that we can give me time for those things.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, that's where it all happens. You The so it's awesome that you guys are going open sources. Well, which is really cool. So whenever you have that report something available would love to take a look and reference it as well. Very cool.

Nicolas Poggi: 100%.

Anil Murty:  Yeah, really cool. One of the things, the last time I had looked at your solution and actually played around with it. Like, I don't know, four or five, six months ago when we were initially chatting about this integration and I I think I did a deployment of react app on to the the services you supported then and noticed that you had definitely plus for compute and then ipfs or storage. Are you still supporting definitely? Because I didn't see it in the charts there or has that changed.

Nicolas Poggi: In particular on the new application still, we're focused on the base which is ipfs As in hosting the intervention for that. I think in definitely not cloud platform is still light, should be there. I just deploys, a website hosted on a canister on the internal computer. First, we'll focus on like the bulk of the usage right now. Amazon on Ipfs, we, we will continue with the immigration of all things, but it's part of the stuck today.

Anil Murty:  Okay. Got it makes sense. Cool vehicle. Anybody have any other questions for Nicolas or Fleek?

Anil Murty: Awesome I guess no other questions. So yeah so if you could take a look at the page that I've created for fleek and updated that would be great or if you just want to drop me you know some changes that you would like in it. I'm happy to make them as well. You And yeah,â€¦

Nicolas Poggi: In.

Anil Murty: if you could join us on a future date when you have something to demo or even otherwise if you're welcome to participate in these calls or any other calls, really with Akash if you're depending on your availability. So we'd love to have you come back here

Nicolas Poggi: 100%, Thank you. You guys for permeating me?

Anil Murty:  Awesome cool. Anyone else want to give any updates? I know Max said he had to leave any is I guess the only update from Max and Clark most team is that they'll be releasing support for GPUs meaning they'll be supporting the testnet that we're working on on the orca side which is exciting because it'd be nice to have the most used clients supporting it for GPUs. Outside of that, I don't know if there's any other client teams that I don't think there's anybody else on the call. So just opening it up for general questions, anybody have any general questions or things they want to bring up regarding clients or feedback about console, anything at all before we in for the day,

Anil Murty: Sweet. I guess we can keep it short for today and thanks again. Everybody for joining us and back to you, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: That's awesome. Thanks. Alright. Yep. Well we can just wrap it up again. Um, I'm going to make the recording and the transcript available as well as add any action items and make them available in the Github. Read me. I know that Anil, add some changes to the Github, read me. So I'll wait for him to make those changes. And then again, the notes should be updated the next 24 to 48 hours, I'll add any other agenda items for next meeting. I know the Luna may want to give a demo at the next monthly meeting. If anybody here has anything that they want to share or talk about at the next monthly meeting or prior, please just drop it in discord and then we can make sure that it's a talking for the next agenda. But again, everybody enjoy the rest of your day. Much appreciated. All the hard work that everyone's doing so please again. Thank you again. Have a great rest of day, everybody.

00:20:00

Damir Simpovic: Right.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Nicolas Poggi: Thanks everybody.

Meeting ended after 00:20:44 ðŸ‘‹

