
# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5

## Agenda

- Quick follow up of action items from previous sig-clients meeting.
- Updates from the Open Registry Team.
- Introduction and Demo from [Source Network](https://source.network/).
- Demo of Go Client Libraries from Luna and [Quasarch Team](http://www.quasarch.cloud/).
- Open discussion * if time permits


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, May 17, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Andrew Mello
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- Boz Menzalji
- David Collett
- Deval Patel
- envy
- Guacamole
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Joseph Tary
- Pawan Sharma
- Rakib islam
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright


## Notes


Open Registry:

- The team took 3 months off, but they have been working a lot recently on their front end and back end. 
- Open Registry added support for multiple decentralized storage backeend.
- They have added collaboration with filebase. 
- They did another integration with Storj network. 
- They are working on a feature for automated builds.
- The team showed their old back end 
- Akash is one of Open Registry's core dependencies.
- The next thing they want to do is to connect akash wallet in an automated way.
- Anil asked if Open Registry will support public and private container images.
- The product is open source. 
- The Open Registry is asking to build a container image within an Akash deployment. 
- Artur mentioned for the Open Registry team to make an issue around their needs, and their can be further discussion had about it. 


Go Client Libraries:

- Luna explained that they built a Go Client library based upon a spec in client libraries working group
- Luna shared his screen and walked through the Go Client libraries.
- The Quasarch team is really focused on the 




### Action Items

- Luna will share source code.
- Add Open Registry as folder in the sig-clients repo
- Open Registry will give more full demo next meeting.
- Source Network will demo next meeting. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Terrific, Welcome to Stick Clients Monthly meeting number five. During these meetings, we go over a number of the clients that are built on top of Akash last month. We had a demo from the fleek.xyz team, talking about the possibility of something that they're working on and the potential for some future integrations This month. We have a number of people that are coming to present and demo some work that they've been doing and get updates on some of the work that they've been doing again, because we have a tight schedule starting with the presentation from or an update from open registry, and then a couple of demos following that we will just breeze very quickly through updates. Um, I know that the prey to our team provided a update that I will share in the chat.

Tyler Wright:  Related to the work that they're doing on Helm based installs for providers, as well as being able to support the GPU testnet, which will be coming in the next couple of weeks. So, there's an update there on folks, and I know developers mentioned talking needing help from Scott Carruthers from Overclock teams to understand some things. So they will sink offline Following this meeting. They have any at this, any questions? Is there any other clients related discussions? We want to have or quick updates? We want to talk about before we move into The presentation case.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just a couple of things. One is and this is Anil, what I think is so I don't know if the plateau team is aware, but we are actually going to be doing a incentivized testnet for GPU. And essentially it's going to be publisher. Pretty detailed document. That outlines what the process for that is going to be And, you know, it's essentially going to be two phases. The first phase is going to be as incentivizing. Two groups of people. So we're going to be incentivizing providers to set up providers with GPUs on the Testnet and we're going to be incentivizing People to build sdls for deploying, various AI models onto those GPUs, right? So that's going to be phase one.

Anil Murty:  And then the second phase is going to be for people that want to run benchmarks using, you know, some guidance, it will provide for benchmarking, the time it takes to run inference on some of these AI models. Right? And the reason I state all this is because that kind of set some sort of timeline for wanting to have ideally isolation for people to spin up providers. So in the absence of Plato, we, of course, use the hand charts as clients. But if there was a plate or provider, that was capable of doing it, it would be extremely helpful. It would probably give you your clients got more usage as well. So and in terms of timelines where currently hoping to start the inside device, testing it on the 29th of May. So it's kind of want to give you. I see a couple of hands raised. So go ahead.

Jigar Patel: Thanks Anil. So our target to have rotational ready by early next week, right? So I think we are like, we will be ready before or May 29th, right? So, I think our clients will be able to spin up the providers using our system, which is obviously gonna use a hand right and in the backend, right? So, basically process will be the same but on, they will be again, use UI article provider, much easier.

Anil Murty: Amazing. Yep. Perfect. That's great. Thank you.

Deval Patel: Cool. Yeah, so just to retread that. Yeah we are hoping to get everything done by. Actually next providers meeting the hand chart update, and as well as the Disney support for GPU, right? Those are the two major things we are working on right now on our side. Yes, we are working on backend of the, I mean, moderation and things, but that is not priority at this moment because I think GPU is the priority for us to be. So yeah, that's all.

Tyler Wright: Thankâ€¦

Anil Murty: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: both. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Any other clients related things, you want to talk about? Before we jump into an update from open register? Okay.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I do have a few updates but I think I'll just hold. Hold off on them because I know we have a lot of things to cover with the demos. So this is some into those

00:05:00

Tyler Wright:  Okay, excellent. All right, great. I know that open registry again has been a contributor to a cost for a long time. I know that they have been working a number of things, so I want to pass the floor off to them, to get us started with an update on the work that they've been doing and what's going on with open Registry team.

Guacamole: Thanks sure. Thanks Tyler. So we've been working it has been more than a year. I think since the last update we share, we took a little break in between about three months. That we were not really working on it but we've started again and we have a completely new front end. I don't really have a demo a full-fledged demo at least but but I think by the next call, but next meeting we'll have most of the things ready? I'm working on the nitty gritties, but in the back end, we have a lot of new features we have. Collaborated with more storage. Yeah, companies.

Guacamole:  Um well let me let me start from the beginning. So if anybody knows what container images it's like they're like the building blocks of any kind of modern infrastructure and a container registry is what you use to like ship them to distribute across different servers. So if you like wanted to ship your application in a containerized format you would actually have to like upload the container image in onto Like a container registry and then from on the server, you would like pull that container container image from their registry. It's like the middle layer that you have works like a storage and and a lot more and we'll get into it. So, So what we did some is we just

Guacamole:  brought decentralization to already, which is like highly saturated and centralized market, there is something called Dr. Hub. There's also get-up container registry. There is greater Rio and there are many more but they're all centralized. So we went on and then added support for multiple decentralized storage back ends, something like storage. If you're familiar with it IPFS file based, and actually any kind of generalized S3, compatible storage backend, so,

Guacamole:  And I think last two or three quarters, we did take a break, but we also like worked a lot. So the features we've added is like, collaboration with filebase so any back-end that file based sports, which is like cyanetwork and also ipfs, we have support for that. So you can use any of these storage backends for uploading your container images with open industry. And then also, we did another integration with storage so storage. They have two different mechanisms Of interacting with the storage network. One is usually like their satellite system, using their uplink tooling, which is like the native way of interacting with storage network. Another one is using their S3 gateway. Since we're already compatible with any S3 backend with by default, like, compatible with stores IPF is Gateway as well. Storage as three compatible, gateway as well.

Guacamole:  Other than that, we we have a very interesting feature that we're working on, it's about automated builds for your container images. And also we're thinking of adding something like Like ephemeral, like Deployments preview links for your photo applications. Like, if it's a front and application you can you can get a preview link which is temporary and lives. As long as the pull request for a particular feature is like and I think Akash makes a cash network makes like great. Sense for this feature. I think there's a huge compatibility for a feature like this and I think open just to be as it will be well at it. We already have support for doing the same thing with care of actions so you can connect your get a repository, with Open Majestry.

Guacamole:  And then like, trigger you automated bills, get the status for it. Other than that, we've done a whole rewrite of a front and application. And let me let me show my screen and then show you guys,

Guacamole:  Can I go over the screen share? If you guys want to see that?

Tyler Wright: Yes, please.

Guacamole: Okay, then presentation now.

Tyler Wright:  You should.

Guacamole: Let me know if you guys can see it.

Guacamole: Can you see?

Tyler Wright:  Yes.

Guacamole: So this is, this is what we had. This is this is our old back and and let's see what it looked like, not very interesting, but I think it did the job and we want really front and experts back then even though we have like a lot of back and experience. So this is what we had.

00:10:00

Guacamole:  You sign out, this is like a landing page, some sort of introduction and what it is and how we play with like, rest of the ecosystem Here. We obviously, like a cache is one of our like core dependencies. Like we wouldn't really be possible without cache network, of course. And then we also have Ipfs Skynet. Sadly, It's out of the picture now, but it was like one of our main storage backends that then and we also have like firebase and this is what we have now. Like we've converted we spent, I think over six months now, over this application, if it's not really readable, I can like zoom in a bit, so down a little readable.

Guacamole: Come and this is how it looks like, obviously you can log in. And then take a peek inside. It's it's not really ready, but it's not it's not entirely ready, but I think it'll be ready. So

Guacamole:  There you go. So this is what it looks like. Now you can like you have a better view of a container images, hypothetically. Like that's actually it's still the same thing, but it looks in my opinion. I think it looks a little better than it did before. Then we also have something called connective github. This is where we do the automated builds for it. and the next big thing we want to do is like Add Connect your Akash wallet address here. And then you can do like automated ephemeral. Deployments for your applications from your pull request, like all automated all you get back is a URL. And like, you can go and test the application that you're working with. This is what we have.

Guacamole:  There's obviously a whole lot. This is not just there, We also have something called Webauth hen, which is like a password less mechanism of logging into your application. Using obviously like public private key pair systems that are already built into your most of your browsers and if you're familiar with, passkeys like Apple and Google, they both announced big support for Both of these technologies I think this year so you can actually share credentials with across your devices so you can log in and sign up on your desktop and next time automatically log in using your phone as well and it's all passwordless. All you need is some sort of like identifier like a username and everything happens behind the scenes, cryptographically secure.

Guacamole:  And then obviously we have like sign in with Github will probably extend on this a lot more like sign in with gitlab or any of like the like radical DOT XYZ with like another decentralized VCS system. And probably maybe like login with Kepler, maybe at some point, but can't really promise for that just yet. So this is what we have and

Guacamole:  we haven't been really active in the Akash community, I think for almost like, Arnold 68 months, but there have been reasons and that doesn't really mean actually. Anything. We, we have been part of a car, like community. We will be part of the cash community. We would just, we just have been very, very quiet. Still the ecosystem still looks the similar. We have Ipfs file, base storage, and anymore, and Akash network. And maybe if there is any opportunity to add like other story providers, oh, compute providers, and all like, this is like the container tooling that we have. So, this is what we have right now.

Guacamole:  Probably by the, by the next demo. I think we can also have an actual demo of the end-to-end product. We do have a beta hosted deployment, but a lot of stuff is breaking right now. So I won't get into the demo. But this is what we have. Thanks for the time. Let me know if you guys have any questions.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. This looks beautiful. Is anyone have any questions right now As mentioned? They'll probably give a more detail demo at the next SID Clients meeting. But does anyone have an initial questions they want to ask right now before we move on to our next of potentially through Demos?

Tyler Wright:  Excellent. Go ahead and you

Anil Murty: Right, I guess, no major question but I just want to say, super cool. Even though I thought even the old interface was not much worse than what you get in Docker have today.

00:15:00

Guacamole:  I said and thanks for a nice words but I think we all know.

Anil Murty: Know. Yeah. But you guys will kill it and when you have the new interface up and running because it's way better andâ€¦

Guacamole:  Yeah.

Anil Murty: Docker has been doing some things that I've been upsetting the open source community quite a bit lately. So your timing is a great One question. If I can ask it is, are you intending to support both like, ability to do both? Publicly available images, as well as private. I would think. Yes. But let's give you

Guacamole: Of course, so I think a container registry without without private container images. It's, it's kind of like halfway there. So so we the plan that we haveâ€¦

Anil Murty:  Right.

Guacamole: since like stores. If you think about store, storage actually is pretty secure by nature but ipfs or other story networks, they're not really secure the public. So what we thought of was encrypted container images but you don't need to think about like how the encryption happens. There's already container tooling out there that encrypts and decrypts using pKa. So that what will leverage and public and private container images? Of course, it's a it's a big feature for us.

Anil Murty: Yeah, very cool. And as well as Akash deployments, there's a you or anybody on the call. Know if this already works like if you could specify if you specified an open registry location, I've actually never tested it so I don't know. Just give us if it already works.

Guacamole: So we do have an open source. I mean, the entire project is open source so you can go to like get Up.com Slash containeration / Open registry. And we have a config Dottie ammo that that's defined the configuration for it and you can run it, you can run it within a container. So obviously you can run it on a cache. We we have been running it on a car. So that is totally possible.

Anil Murty: Okay, great.

Guacamole: I don't see why somebody else would face any. I think it's just for the new feature the github integration that we build run into some problems with privilege containers. But I think we'll just come to it. When we, you know, we are actually developing on it. That actually reminded me of requests that I had. So, as I mentioned, we wanted to use, we want to use a gosh, as a like ephemeral compute engine for one of our products, but one of the requirements we have is like Everything on a gosh, is a docker container and that too. Like the containers are not privileged, of course for security reasons, but they're also means that we cannot build a container image. Within Anakash deployment, if that would be possible. I think it'll open a lot of opportunities for us. We'll be able to

Guacamole: Not only build container images, but like build any kind of application that we can think of. And also of course, deploy them. Um, if that kind of something like that is an option,â€¦

Anil Murty: Mm-hmm.

Guacamole: I'd really love to get involved into it. what what tldr is like we need something like privileged containers or at least VM like teachers in a deployment So that we can. We can just use it. Yep. Yes, harder.

Artur Troian: Yeah, that's that's really we would call that. Thank you so much. So just we gonna have this one conversation of wine, but you pretty much need the to do the container sort of the bathroom of the Dockers Docker soccer, right?

Guacamole:  I actually didn't understand your question. Can you please? Wait it

Artur Troian:  So to build the container inside a container, would you pretty much need? Is the docker socket to be passed through, right?

Guacamole: Oh yeah. So the when you pass the docker socket by default, the Container Age. Container is running in a privileged mode. So you can't really do the socket passing without the privileged excel because

Artur Troian: Yeah yeah yeah. That's oh she could just probably issue so you tracking on that. I'm not saying you're gonna implement it today or tomorrow, but it's gonna be a good future request.

Guacamole:  Yes. I mean if you can get the conversation going and see if there's some sort of scope that will be interesting. Yes, and

Anil Murty: Yeah, I just want to add one thing and I know we want to jump to the next thing on the schedule but I just want to add one thing is just to give back on what I said on our side. Our process basically is like we have a completely open development style here. So like if you have any suggestions or ideas for things that you want to the roadmap, the best way is to put them are either. If it's a smallish issue, put it in the support repo inside, Detox /, Cash network. And if it's something bigger then you know I don't know if you already have a discord channel with you but if you know if not we should create one and we should have a conversation about it there or on a call and discuss. You know what's involved in getting it done and take it from there. but,

00:20:00

Guacamole: Awesome. Yeah, we do have We do have a channel, yeah. Oh yeah. Cool.

Anil Murty:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if you can make an issue for that, I've linked the support repo and they are then again, we can follow up in that discord channel about next steps, but that would be great and much. Appreciate the time today in the update. Again, I'll slot some time on the calendar. For next sick, clients for you all to give a demo of some things, after you all have been working on them. But I'll talk to you on discord before that happens.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. With that said, is anyone from the source network team here?

Tyler Wright:  No. All right.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. All right. So then we all move on to a demo. Um, Luna and the Clay search team have been working on some clients. Libraries, There was a working group around clients libraries, where spec was developed and Luna is going to present. Go clients, libraries though, Luna take it away.

Joao Luna: All right. okay, let me just prepare my screen.

Joao Luna:  It's such sharing here.

Joao Luna:  Okay, are you able to see my screen?

Tyler Wright: Not yet.

Tyler Wright:  Looks like something's happening now. Yep, cool. I could see it now.

Joao Luna:  Okay. I will now. Okay, so for those that are not familiar with GO always basically a programming language and a lot of cloud, native tools, including Kubernetes, which is basically the foundation where the Akash is built on uses it and like other tools like Terraform. I think even Docker is now Programmed in go little bit of C parts. I think it's go as well. So yeah, it's a pretty big programming language and widely used on the cloud native space. And the blockchain space as well.

Joao Luna:  And the Akash network is also built on Go There Until recently. I thought that there were no, I still think there are no, like, official clients libraries to, to be used on a cashier linked. like the clients package that they use on a cash network but it's not really An exposed API that other clients can use or third parties, at least easily used. It's they could but Something that follows the spec that was created and and not really a standard way. to interact with the Akash network, there was a JavaScript library, which I think Any of you that built on the Web might be familiar with it. I think. Yeah, cash JS.

Joao Luna:  And yeah what I'm going to present today is the implementation that we did at quasarc of the of a go library. That makes it easy to deploy on a cash for us and and operate it. Through coding allows us to create services that extend the capabilities of a cache and allows us to to build a lot of cool stuff. And yeah, so I'll show it to you.

Joao Luna:  So, for instance, this is how a simple example of how you can basically get a deployment, you'll be basically create an Akash client, which is simply calling this. So, this will be kind of technical. I'll try to keep it as Less technical as possible. But basically, here you are creating a cache clients. You're not specifying any config. So it's all based on the default configuration, you could pass a config. If you wanted to change some parameters on the clients but out of the box, does the default client works?

00:25:00

Joao Luna:  And then you basically create a request and what you're saying is that you are creating a query to query a deployment in your passing, the ID that we want your that you are looking for. So I'm basically saying I am my address. So me as the owner, I want to see my deployment with the following desec. So for those of you that are familiar on the point, India Cash Network. You know, what is this SEC is?

Joao Luna:  And then, what I'm doing is for my cattle clients calling Get deployments, passing it a context, we can ignore it for now. And I pass the request and then I simply print the information that that I got as a response. So basically, I get the deployment because this returns query deployments response, which is so these are the upstream types present in the cash already, okay? CPI the Akash API and this is the only dependency really that you need. So, you need the clients and you need the upstream types. These are kind of like the only information that you need to to know, you don't need to know about grpc. You don't need to know about.

Joao Luna:  Cosmos Creating Cosmos clients the Cosmos SDK or like How to Build Addresses. Back32 Whatever wherever so that's stuff is all abstracted. You just care that I want to query deployment and I want to get it from my service in that I'm building. And this is what it allows you to do. So here, as an example, I'll query this and you can see that I got a response and I got my deployment and it's in active state has the version. So don't mind here, the the array and then I know that it was created at this. At this block. So this is an example of how you can query. You can also query tons of them. So like if you want to query all the deployments with no specific filters, you can just call that and it will execute

Joao Luna:  I'm executing it's compiling and I'll show it to you. So as you can see, we got a bunch of deployments tons of them and you could keep querying through pagination. Yeah. It's, of course, it's not fetching every department that was ever created. It's on fetching a portion, but, yeah, so you can query providers as well. So we are using the test net. So this is everything that's being used. Here is the latest version. There's not released yet, so it's running on testnet. So you might see here the information about providers, not really complete. So it's only like a shin plus provider and a couple of akash network ones So, these are not all the providers that are available. Okay, you see you can very providers as well. You can create deployments. I'm not really going to do it because creating a department is not

Joao Luna:  Like a full task. It's really just creating the deployment through the, The Yaml Welcome to do is the full deployment, which has all the workflow of querying beads, creating beliefs, sending the manifest and then getting the status. But one thing that I want to explain here, I think it's, it's good. For those of you familiar with Go, One of the things that we also offer is a bunch of helper functions. So, help build these requests.

Joao Luna:  And one of them, for instance, is the build message to create deployment, which takes an i/o reader. So basically we can read the We can create a department from any I/o reader or any type that implements this interface. So this allows for some cool things to come up from the use for those of you that are technical. But yeah, so for this cut is kind of operations, you can specify the transaction options as well.

Joao Luna:  So you can accept the default deposit or you can send some other arbitrary value. The default deposit is basically the 5kt but also offer some obstructions on like the amounts of or the currency types so you can perform some operations. So like for instance, if the default deposit I could do either it in Akt or micro Akt depending on the context. So we offer a bunch of utilities there as well. So we are really focused on the developer experience here. But yeah, now going to the full example. So this is more complex, of course, because it has all the, the process that's required that you are familiar with, which is basically having your SDL, creating a deployment

00:30:00

Joao Luna:  Querying the Beads, Then once you get the beads here, I'm just selecting the first one but you create the least based on those beats that you get and then you send manifest and then you also get the status so you can get like the URL of the services. And as an example, I know this can be a little bit confusing.

Joao Luna:  But trust me, it's as simple as you can get at least for now. And let me just run this. And show it to you. So you'll see this creating the deployment. So in this stage it created the deployment. Now it's waiting five seconds. So, the beats can arrive. And you'll see that you will now do some more stuff. So here it created the lease, the logs are all messy but worry and now it queries and as you can see, we got a lease with this address running on The Akash testing XYZ and now let me just see if I can access the website.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, so like I'll share my screen and it will be able to see that it's running. I mean I can just send to the chat and you can click and so you can click and check that it's running. And this is pretty much it. This is

Joao Luna:  This is the go library. We are currently using it on, on quasarc. So yeah, this is something that we are using something that That we built because we needed. So I just want to clear that And yeah, we are willing to share with the community if I, if the community finds its valuable, it's it's it's according to the specification that was defined. So yeah, just let me know if you have any special requests, anything that you like to see Or your feedback in general. Thank you very much.

Joao Luna:  Any questions?

Tyler Wright: Great. Thank you Luna. I just want to open up to questions just for next couple of minutes before I think potentially have one more demo. If anybody has any larger questions, it'd be great if we could put those in sick clients because I know Luna's very active, but is there any high level questions per Luna right now?

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead Archer.

Artur Troian: And yeah I know Luna is writing from for questions for me, especially after I I was in the in the form. Yeah, this this is great. Thank you so much for for sharing the work andâ€¦

Joao Luna: If I,â€¦

Artur Troian: that and doing you.

Joao Luna: I wanted to wait for the demo because people for you have questions because then we can have a better discussion.

Artur Troian:  Yeah. I'll try to be quick here. So we have other people to demo on but how quite a few questions that you'd like to discuss, we can probably put it, you know, in the discussion forum. so, yeah, I'd like to see what sort of benefits. It gives.

Artur Troian:  Comparing to the existing clients that we have in the cars and they're not ripple. And so it's not ideal Yet. A bunch of issues is that in terms of the presentation supports, but I think the best benefit for the community will be that to have a single clients. Let's use the cross all of the Tooling including, you know, Akash nodes and other things.

Artur Troian:  My feedback on. That would be, let's if you could publish the source code, and we go through that. and think about what we could take from it and put in the standard clients If there are particular, you know, requests questions things to improve because frankly, from what I see in the clients that it's pretty much a rapper around existing Akashi API. Are and it implements exactly the same.

Artur Troian:  Message passing to the grpc.

Joao Luna: Here. Yeah. So that's that's on purpose. That's one thing that we wanted to keep. So we wanted to keep the abstractions that in the types that Yeah, Cash Network defines. I think it makes sense, so they're basically generating by protobuf. So we wanted to use those

00:35:00

Artur Troian:  Yeah, there are a few things and the reason why it is okay that inside of the gosh a repo that's okay but ability and all things. So and actually we thought at some point to move it to a CPI. But then decided to hold it anyways. I mean, you've done a great work on that let's if you could just you know publish source code and we go review of that. And then think what we can actually

Artur Troian: Benefit to combining both of them and thinking like okay, what would be the best place of the go clients? In the aggressionâ€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Artur Troian: because I think I'm thinking that having a cash clients in the knowledge, repo is not appropriate. However, what ends up with that? Is that the grpc and some dependencies are still located in the known people. So it's a political than just, you know, taking clients and moving away from the When companies but yeah, sure, let's move on discussion in the community bank.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I just wanted to add that. Yes this is of course this is a code. That's Like using like wrapping the current functionality of the cash network because that's, that's what it's trying to abstract. And the physical functionalities that is trying to expose already exists on the code base of the Akash network. But the things out here we here. The clients don't really know what's going on behind the scenes in terms of the transport layer. So when they call clients, they don't care. They're using grpc or making a rest call and they don't care if it's to the provider or the the blockchain. So all that stuff is abstracted. The current clients. From what I've seen, you have to specify much of options on grpc and people have to know about the broadcaster, they have to know, a bunch of technical stuff, and they also have to directly

Joao Luna:  Creative dependency on Cosmos SDK To pass the context, and these are things that are completely abstracted in this API. I think that, that benefited us. I think that the benefits the overall developer community because now, we are attracting the developers that don't really that might not want to go deeper into the cosmos SDK or and can just focus on their business logic and and operating the Akash network without Knowing like sharp we have to use grpc for this transaction. And this one is a arrest and point on the provider. This one needs certificate authentication. This one is a public API. So you see all these complexities that are present in the cash clients. I hidden away and hidden away by these kind libraries. I think that's one of the great advantages of

Joao Luna:  of this apart from others. Like the interfaces are, well, defined and a spec is compliant.

Tyler Wright: Sorry to cut your broke off. I know that Archer you want to follow up. I think the next best course of action would just be to, as Artur mentioned, just share the source code for review by amongst a number of people from the community. And then I can set up some time for a dedicated session to talk about how to move forward.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Um, is someone from the source network team here.

Tyler Wright:  As we?

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Okay, cool. That's all right, I think we'll push that demo out to a future meeting. Obviously, I can open registry will be on the agenda for next sick, clients meeting, I still do want to have follow-up about the work that Luna's done about the Gold clients. Libraries have a, like, again, a dedicated session around that after code has been reviewed. Does anyone else have any other questions for Luna?

Tyler Wright: Cool, I'll set this session up online. So if anybody's in the working group client, libraries will post a session there and again, Luna, you can publish a source code, make it available to folks that want to look at it in say,â€¦

Joao Luna: Yeah, I have some questions about thatâ€¦

Tyler Wright: clients, libraries, that would be great.

00:40:00

Joao Luna: but we can go and talk on the see because I'm some concerns might my team has as well, and but I guess we can discuss that on the sea clients. ' channels. Yeah. And also there's a github discussion.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely.

Joao Luna: So anything else we can be posted there? there's a discussion for fundingâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Absolutely.

Joao Luna: but we can use it as well for At least I don't mind for discussing technicalities and even if like so I made there like a budget as well. So if you think it's like, Oh this is too much or Just have some thoughts. Just go there and Comment, that's as artured it, so he responded right away. So if more people can also jumping It's always great.

Artur Troian: You just find my well really.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Go ahead. Okay.

Artur Troian: Let's first start from discussion in the discord just to talk about the

Artur Troian:  30 engineering speck of that. Let's if you might hold on the discussion of the proposal. Until we, you know, find all of the answer all of the gene questions and then we can move on to the

Joao Luna: Like sorry. So you want to focus first on the engineering discussion. Okay.

Artur Troian:  yeah. Yeah, let's focus on June discussion first and then we can move on with the proposal.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Plus. Go ahead and kneel.

Joao Luna: sure. I don't mind. Yeah.

Anil Murty: Yeah, just to add to what other said Luna. So first of you know, thank you so much for doing the demo really great demo. And and for all the work as well, basically what we're trying to avoid is a situation where we have two separate clients, libraries for the same exact language ecosystem, And author is particularly concerned because mainly because this is so integrated into the core code base. At this point, that's only the reasons why he wants.

Joao Luna: yeah, no andâ€¦

Joao Luna: I I completely understand

Anil Murty: Isn't it?

Anil Murty: Cool. Awesome. Thank you so much.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. All right again I appreciate Luna for the presentation. Thank you very much. The open registry team for their presentation update on all the workday they've been doing again. Thank you to the pre-tor team for their updates and again, all their work that they're doing getting again provider experience, improved as well as being able to support GPU testnet. Does anyone else have any other updates or topics or thoughts that they want to share right now where we have a couple minutes left? Go ahead and yep.

Anil Murty: Yet just a quick. So I posted this in the chat but if people haven't seen it, one of the things as proposing is that we create a folder similar to the other clients that we have inside the Sick clients repository. For open registry as well. So right now there's two, There are two sections in the Sick Clients. Readme page. One is for all the deployment clients and there's like seven of them right now. And then one is for provider onboarding, clients of which there are two

Anil Murty:  So what we could do is we could create a third category, which could be like container registry clients or something like that. And open registry could be one one of those that goes in there, but of course, entirely up to open registry team if they want to participate and be part of this, I mean, the advantages you get is like, you know, anybody that's going to be looking at these repositories will find out about open, registry, and consider using open registry instead of using dockerhub or github registry.

Guacamole: We would, we would definitely love to be there. I'll go and PR as soon as you can.

Anil Murty: Perfect. Yeah, thank you. I'll review that as soon as I see it and merge it, and if it looks good,

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Neil. Does anyone how else have anything they want to discuss today?

Tyler Wright:  Just. All right. Well again, thank you all for participating in the meeting. Thank you all to the Demoers again, notes recording and transcript will be available very soon and I'll make sure that those have access to it, but it'll be available in the readme again. The next meeting is playing scheduled for the 21st of June, but keep up to date with the read me sick. Clients, read me for next meeting and discord and all the information. So, again, thank you everybody for the participation today. Hope everyone has a great rest of the day. Take look out for more information related to GPUs in the coming hours and days. So again, thank you everybody have a great rest of the day.

00:45:00

Guacamole: Bye, guys.

Anil Murty: Thanks.

Guacamole: Have a big.

Joao Luna: Thank you.

Jigar Patel: Alright, have a good night.

Tyler Wright: All right.

Andrew Mello: See.

Meeting ended after 00:45:21 ðŸ‘‹

