# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #5.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.
- Demo from Open Registry team.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, June 21, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7wma24vbcylbmj2q74v24kte6sy7ysjarnbbgozg7p4yh5gnkiaa.arweave.net/_ZgNcqEWFhYnUP8rripk9LH8SSCLQhM7Jvv5g_TNUgA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Cheng Wang
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Nicolas
- Gunjan Valecha
- Jasdeep Singh
- Jigar Patel
- Joseph Tary
- Max
- Tony Stark
- Tyler Wright

## Notes
- GPU testnet began 6/20, Praetor supporting with bug fixes and provider builds
- Console added support for swapping RPC nodes, GPU SDLs, bug fixes and small improvements
- SDL enhancements for GPU added to AkashJS library
- Cloudmos updated to support GPU attributes, web app updated for mobile devices
	- does not currently support WalletConnect but browsing the Cloudmos app is supported

### Open Registry demo

https://beta.openregistry.dev
- WebAuthn implemented - passwordless cryptographic login mechanism bound to device
- pushing/pulling container images currently supported
- uses content hashes for images and layers - if a duplicate exists, pushing is skipped and layer is remounted onto your container image server-side - saves storage and bandwidth
- automated builds (similar to Github Actions) being added to OpenRegistry portal
	- goal to have Akash as a compute provider, implement runners via Akash
- planning to reach out to more users, container-related APIs believed to be stable
- Storj, IPFS, Filebase, and S3 compatible solutions available for image storage backends
	- OpenRegistry backend partially running on Akash


### Action Items


# **Transcript**

_Edits have been made for readability._

Tyler Wright: Welcome everybody to SIG-clients monthly meeting #6. In the clients special interest group, this is an opportunity for folks that are building various tools on top of Akash Network to be able to come together, discuss updates on the things that they're building, and meet as a larger community. I just want to give a special shout out to the Akash Console team, the Cloudmos team, and the Praetor team. I know that they've been doing a number of things on updating their own tools, but they've also been able to support the GPU testnet as well as the GPU provider attributes. So, just wanted to shout out those groups that have been helping us to get to this point with the GPU/AI incentivized testnet. So thank you to those teams.

Tyler Wright: There will be a demo from the OpenRegistry team, but how we normally start these client meetings is just some small updates from each team. I know that there's been a number of teams working on things: the Console team has made some updates in the #ecosystem-akash-console Discord and Spheron, Praetor, Cloudmos teams have all been working on a number of things. So again, quickly before we move on to the OpenRegistry, I do want to give sig-clients an opportunity to provide some updates - I see that Cloudmos, Console, and Praetor teams are here. So I guess we can start in reverse alphabetical order: Jigar, do you want to give a quick update on some of the things that are happening with Praetor that you want to share?

Jigar Patel: Yeah, absolutely. So as everybody knows, Akash Network started a GPU testnet yesterday. We've been supporting testnet throughout and we are busy solving issues, any bugs that come around. We are very active in all the groups, so please tag me or Deval - if you need any help building a GPU provider, please let us know. And any feedback is welcome.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Jigar. Does anyone have any questions or comments for Jigar or the Praetor team? [...] Alright, continuing in reverse alphabetical order, we can move on to Console. So I know Anil put an update in the chat yesterday - Joseph or Anil, feel free to give an update on some of the things that are going on the Console front.

Joseph Tary: Most of the work going on around Console is about getting ready for testnet, so we've added support for swapping around the RPC node so you can select testnet-1, install custom Keplr keychains, you can use both in beta and then [we added] GPU support on the SDL side. Getting it into the UI is still a work in progress so you can't quite set that up inside of the UI itself, but you can use GPU-containing SDLs. And then various bug fixes and improvements we noticed over the past few months that we're trying to get patched up.

Joseph Tary: One note that might be of interest to anyone here who's using AkashJS: the SDL enhancements for GPU are in AkashJS, so if you're using that library, you should get those updates for free.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Joseph. Does anyone have any questions on anything related to Console? [...] Alright, continuing on updates, I see Max here. Max, do you want to give it update? I know that you've all been getting Cloudmos ready to support the testnet as well as GPU provider attributes. Is there anything else that you want to share with the group on updates on the Cloudmos side?

Max: Sure. Like you mentioned, we updated Cloudmos to support the GPU attributes and recently we updated the app to be mobile friendly. So it doesn't currently support WalletConnect so you can't actually deploy on your mobile device, but that will come at some point. Right now, you can actually browse the Cloudmos app on your mobile device - it's been a long time coming. That's pretty much it: a bunch of improvements here and there and bug fixes.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Excellent, thank you. Does anyone have any questions for Max on anything Cloudmos related? ... Is there anybody representing any other clients that wants to give an update on what's going on on their front?

...

Tyler Wright: Alright, terrific. Again there are a number of channels in Discord where - besides the SIG and Working Group channels and general chat, under the deployments and provider areas - there are channels that have the prefix "ecosystem": #ecosystem-praetor,  #ecosystem-cloudmos, #ecosystem-console where specific conversations can happen around specific clients. I know there's also an OpenRegistry channel. If anybody has any questions, thoughts, additional things they want to talk about, there are channels that exist where you can talk to the owners like Max, Jigar, Joseph, and Anil about specific things related to those clients. Feel free to use those channels for conversations between meetings, as well as obviously the #sig-clients Discord channel where you can talk about general things related to clients on Akash Network.

Tyler Wright: With that said, we do want to move on to the highlight of the meeting. Again, at the last monthly meeting, we got a small presentation from the OpenRegistry team as well as a demo from Luna and the Quasarch team on some of the work they've been doing. I know that from that presentation, OpenRegistry team wants to give a demo on some of the updates that they've been working on over the past year. So again, this is a major talking point for the agenda. I want to hand the floor over to the OpenRegistry team - feel free to share your screen and I'll just be sitting in the background. So we'll go through a demo and then we'll ask any questions, comments from the participants here. And this will live on as an asset that will be added to the Github sig-clients readme for folks to look at the demo in the future. Without further ado, I'll hand it over to the OpenRegistry team to get us going.

Jasdeep Singh: Thank you Tyler, I'll go and present my screen.

[...]

Jasdeep Singh: So since the last time, we've added a lot more features. We've had a lot of features already developed in the pipeline, but we never really deployed them online or even on a beta channel, so this time we actually went and did that. So if you go to https://beta.openregistry.dev, you'll see all the latest and greatest of features that we have. One of the very popular ones is WebAuthn, a passwordless mechanism of logging into websites and providing your identity. If you're familiar with Passkeys, we support Passkeys, which pretty much means you can use your phone to log into your browser on the laptop, scan a QR code, and it lets you log in. This is one of the methods that we support - there is no information that needs to be shared, it's all public key cryptography, so it's really secure. There is no way you could leak this information out - nobody could actually go and hack into your system. This is one of the methods that we have for logging in and then - actually, maybe I should show you guys how to sign up.

Jasdeep Singh: It asks you to create a new credential [set] with your browser, which is linked to your computer. Once you [access the site], the sign up is just as simple as that. No need for a password and your identity is linked to your hardware device - very secure. The second thing: last time, I think we didn't have any container images here, but this time we do.

Gunjan Valecha: I think we did have container images but we did not have them migrated to this.

Jasdeep Singh: Oh yeah. One of the reasons why we have so few is this is a beta channel: we don't really keep any container images on this instance, this is only for testing and demoing the protocol.

00:10:00

Jasdeep Singh: Just a little while ago, I pushed the Akash node as a container image. This is the latest tag that I got from Github and I pushed it here. You can copy the command to pull the container image, you can see both the commands here as well, you can list, and if you want to, you can do a lot more.

Jasdeep Singh: If you guys want to see a push, we could try to push a container image. Let me select a really small one.

[...]

Jasdeep Singh: The way it works is you basically take any container image - in this case, we're taking httpd, a very popular proxy (containerized). If you have any container image, just give it a prefix of our API. This is beta, so it has beta-api here but usually it's just openregistry.dev/, your username, and then the name of the container image [you're] trying to perform an operation on. [...] Let's try with a different container image. [...]

Jasdeep Singh: It says "layer already exists," which means that the container image we try to push already existed. We do content hashes off your container images and in case your container image matches with someone else's - or maybe parts of your container image matches with someone else's - we skip it and actually remount it directly into your container image, saving a lot of bandwidth and storage and network. If you go to demo_user/alpine now, we should have the v5 tag that we just pushed, though they're pretty much all the same container images. If you wanted to pull, you could just take the URL of your container image and pull it. [In this example] it's already up to date, so nothing actually has happened.

There's one more feature that we don't have live on beta just yet, but this is automated builds with Github. It's nothing really revolutionary, it's like Github Actions, but they're accessed via your OpenRegistry portal. The idea is that we want to have Akash Network as one of the compute providers here and essentially have Github runners via Akash. I think that is going to be a really cool integration. We started with Github because it's easier; there's a lot of research that we need to do with Akash on how to do container image builds on it. But maybe I can show you guys on this [other] instance. [...] Go to Automated Builds, click Connect GitHub, and it'll take you to your Github account and ask you to select a bunch of repositories. You can select any number of repos and then we list it here. You select a container, a Github repository, begin setup, give it a name. You can select the branches available to you and also toggle between different tools that you want to use to build your project. This is my local instance so it has the domain as localhost, but usually it would be something like openregistry.dev. Go save it and build it. It goes on to create a Github pull request on the repository that you have selected.

00:15:00

Jasdeep Singh: [...] What it goes on to do is screen the logs of your build. If OpenRegistry is already part of your repository, then it just screens a log of your last container build and prints them - we need to spend some time formatting this and making it more readable. You can already see the handshake. we want to integrate this into automating and deploying onto Akash and also have different kinds of container build environments. This is one of the features that we are very, very excited about, and I think we would love to have a point of contact from Akash Network's side so we can figure out a way to build this build automation tool on top of Akash Network. That's pretty much it.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you. Does anyone have any questions, comments, thoughts for the OpenRegistry team?

Max: Hey guys, it's been a long time since we talked. Really great interface, it seems like you guys worked hard on the UI/UX in the past year or two. I was wondering, have you guys started getting people using it or are you still not in your product market fit?

Jasdeep Singh: We really believe that we have a great product market fit, but we still haven't started reaching out to a lot of people because there are some features we just really wanted to get in. At this point, I think the container-related APIs are quite stable, so we'll start actually reaching out to more people. On the main instance, we've had somewhere around 50-some users, no more than that. But now, we feel like we are quite ready to push it out and have more people use our system.

Max: Okay, cool. And then from what I see, you guys are using IPFS or Storj or something like that to store the containers, then using Akash to run the web app? Or am I mistaken?

Jasdeep Singh: We use Storj, IPFS, Filebase, and anything S3 compatible can be used with OpenRegistry as a backend for container images. The front end is actually deployed on Cloudflare Pages, but the backend is on Akash and also on a single server that we have.

Max: Okay, cool. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Are there any other questions for the OpenRegistry team? [...] In terms of your request for somebody from the core team, if you have any questions related to any decisions that you're making on the product, feel free to put those questions in #sig-clients. You can also tag myself or some other people from the core team and we'll make sure [we get you a person who can get you the necessary information.]

Jasdeep Singh: Thanks a lot. Yeah, we'll do that.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Does anyone else have any questions, comments for the OpenRegistry team?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Alright. I know we've covered updates from various clients, we've gotten a demo from the OpenRegistry team. Is there anything else clients-related that anybody else wants to talk about during this meeting? [...] If not, I won't waste too much more of your time again. I much appreciate everybody joining, thank you all to the teams here that have talked and given updates. Shout out to Praetor team, the Console team, the Cloudmos team for all their work supporting GPU testnet that started yesterday. This first week is very much about provider setups, so task one is the major task for this week. Next week, we'll start opening up task two, which will be the SDL builder for folks to start building AI SDLs. The deployment and benchmarking tasks will begin July 5th, so two weeks from today following the July 4th holiday.

Tyler Wright: So if anybody has any questions or comments on anything related to sig-clients, feel free to drop those in Discord. If anybody wants to give a demo on anything that they're working on or want to get feedback from anybody, please feel free to reach out to me or reach out in #sig-clients - we can add you to the agenda for future monthly meetings. Again, a huge thank you to everyone here for all the hard work that you have been doing. Please let me know if you need anything in between meetings and we'll get it facilitated for you. I hope everyone has a great rest of the day. If you have any questions about GPU testing, there are specific channels, there's a section in Discord. If you have any questions about providers, you can ask in the #gpu-providers channel and there's also a #gpu-deployers channel which will be more active once we start doing deployer tests. I much appreciate everybody here, thank you again. Have a great rest of the day all.

Jasdeep Singh: Thanks guys. Have a good day. Bye.

Joseph Tary: Thanks.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys.

Meeting ended after 00:22:38 ðŸ‘‹
