
# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #6.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 19, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://cd6v6hartdyqkeqjzqpcdpxcum2dq6lcytnyrtzvgk7joid44xfq.arweave.net/EP1fHBGY8QUSCcweIb7iozQ4eWLE24jPNTK-lyB85cs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Cheng Wang
- envy | Neta DAO
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Nicolas
- Joseph Tary
- Max
- Prashant Maurya
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

- Prashant gave an update on the work happenning at Spheron.
- Spheron is making a lot of UI changes. 
- Joseph and Anil talked about the work happening with the Akash Console.
- Max shared updates on the work from the Cloudmos team.
  
### Action Items


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Everybody to sick clients monthly meeting number seven. During the special interest group for clients, get updates from various clients that are running on top of I know this representatives from the class console here team as well as Cabos. And I believe a sphere on, there are a number of The clients represented inside the SIG clients repost. You can see some of the likes of Open Registry. Pray Tour, Cloud Most Console. sphere on and others inside the Readme. Again, at the last State Clients Monthly Meeting number six, We got a demo from the open registry team on some work that they've been doing over the last couple of months.

Tyler Wright: There's no specific action items for this week. I know clients are continuing to work again. Another shout out to a cloud. Most team in the console team who have been helping support The GPU testnet. Just ended at 12 am this morning, Pacific time. thank you to again, the team to help make deploying easier for some folks in the community that have been deploying work models and various workloads on and doing benchmarking on the GPU AI and advice test that. So again, thank you to all

Tyler Wright: it's late. I know people are coming in from all over the world. So typically one of the things we do again during the sake clients monthly meeting is updates from teams. I might see a number of representatives here today. I know it's later for some folks in others Prashant. Do you want to give an update on some stuff that your team is working on?

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, I'm sure Thank you so much and having me and also congratulations to everyone. for successfully, testing it out The AI part of it. we are also at this one, very excited to kind of get integrated but just to give you quick updates on this front end. so we have been doing a lot of changes into the platform in terms of is how to optimize it more and more for The clients who are into the Webto world and targeting them specifically. So there are multiple changes which we have done at a sphere on The major update, which we have done is the entire UI revamp. In terms of is how exactly the looks and look and feel is going to be in coming days. apart from that, we have also incorporated the terraform as well, that basically means now, anyone can launch their applications using the terraform

Prashant Maurya: module inspiron Directly we have not announced it publicly but we are not done lot of tutorials around it, but we are working with Few use cases to showcase that, and once that happens, that will go live with those video videos. Coming to the other major part is. if you go to sphere on, you will able to find A couple of things you can attach A female Persistent storage as Inspironmentally means earlier, we did not had that being able to now Third. And the most important part is the proxy one. I believe I have already posted on our

Prashant Maurya: on Twitter as well, where we just, showcased is to deploy our next CS app, a server-side app, and then go and attach your domain over Syrian and Arius proxy, basically caches that which boosts the performance as well. And we tested that performance metrics and it was coming out around 98 or something, which we have Twitter as well. That is the best part. now we have one URL for any of the replicas, which are getting deployed. But overall the most important update, which we have been working on for a couple of months and that too because of some legal regulations and other regions as well be successfully incorporated credit card and debit card into the system.

Prashant Maurya: That basically means now anyone in the world can go and pay for the compute, not just in Crypto is just going to be one part of it. But we have also enabled, the fiat model for our self, we have integrated stripe, to make that happen. And then we did some legal structuring here and there to make that and make their workout. And that is where we are now. So that is what overall the update is. And we are going to be running a couple of hackathons just to kind of prove these things out. Yeah, this is what overall update is in the coming days as we are. Also excited about GPU. A lot of people are also talking to. We are also reaching out a few, folks, who are showing interest into that area. But we are kind of working in a way to kind of make it more,

00:05:00

Prashant Maurya: A robust and possible for Web to clients as well to make it run very smoothly Byron. So yeah, Tyler that, is it from our side? Thank you so much for having us here.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much for that update. Does anyone have any questions comments thoughts that they want to talk about right now while they have Prashant here?

Tyler Wright: One thing I do want to know it again in discord under the deployment section. There should be an ecosystem prefix on a number of panels that are related to things like a cash console. The CLI cloudmosphere on. These channels are designed for folks in the community that are using these various clients to do deployment. That they have any questions comments. If they see any bugs, This is the channels that we try to push folks. In again, they can have general conversations deployments. But if there's any issues related to any of the clients like yourselves, we try to push folks into those channels for feedback and Andy support. They just want to shut that out as channels that are available to the community and where we try to push folks. So again, as folks that manage some of these clients, please make sure to just stay in those channels as often as possible to engage with the community.

Tyler Wright: Again, the insiders and vanguards are also there to support those efforts.

Tyler Wright: There's no other questions for Prashant on anything of sphere on related, then I think we can move on. Go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: I just used a really quick question for you Prashant is and I'm sorry if I missed this in an earlier presentation. Yeah, with the UI changes. Are you basically separating out the storage and compute portions of your UI or what's going on? Because I looked at it yesterday There was the drop down where you can switch back and forth between compute and

Anil Murty: what is what? Yes.

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, So basically, there was a few uxa cups which we kind of seen. And we have intentionally put that earlier is to make compute, not directly reachable for all the users, but as we move forward, as we are opening our platform for more and more people after testing it out, we are revamping the UI. And yes, there is a clear cut separation, which is going to be coming in where you can clearly, see a sphere on compute, you can really see sphere on storage. You can clearly see history and we're hosting platform as well. So there are three major component in which is going to divide it. what we will do is as we move forward we will interconnect each and everything that basically said is, let's say if you're building on, I'll give you a classic example. one of the users who have build that is. Let's say deploy, a compute. All let's say mongodi being stands on if you want to create a backup for a cash, generally, what you have to do is to go either on pinata or some other places or even fireplace and kind of back it.

Prashant Maurya: There and then keep store. Even I don't know if they have that things or not but with this Firon what is going to happen is you go and create the backup, the moment you create a back of it is going to go and sit back into spheroid storage. So we are connecting the entire dots together now. So we have just started doing that. But yeah, you have got it, right? So as we move forward, this is how exactly it's going to look like. And everything's going to get interconnected.

Anil Murty: Okay, that makes sense. I was a little bit confused yesterday because in the drop-down it said Web App and compute and to me both are same. So it didn't but it makes sense what you say now?

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, basically, for us, the Web hosting what we treat. Webhosting is a static one, We don't read vapor swing.

Anil Murty: but,

Prashant Maurya: As a computer-compute, we treat inspiron compute. Basically is like whenever you need a dedicated instance for you, and that is what we call compute. So that is what our clear separation is. But instead of web hosting, I should call it, static hosting. So, thank you for that week,â€¦

Anil Murty: Yes.

Prashant Maurya: that I last team to kind of Update that to static where hosting

Anil Murty: Yeah. Yeah, I figured out that basically what you're trying to go for is something similar toâ€¦

Prashant Maurya: Yes.

Anil Murty: what the public clouds have. if you could GCP, for example, they have App Engine, which is for people that don't want to eat with me and instances, and then you have VM instances itself, which is You make sense?

Prashant Maurya: Right.

Anil Murty: That's Very cool. I guess one more question. If I can ask it, is I noticed that there wasn't a lot of mention of the underlying infrastructure providers itself within the UI, is that kind of the plan across the board. Meaning, you're not planning to mention where you're getting the actual hardware regardless whether it's storage or compute or

Prashant Maurya: So, for us at this point of time, while we speak, it's very clear. Cut is like web2 folks or even with three folks, everyone is just looking to solve the problem and the problem is to launch a compute. Nobody is going to be looking into from where we are getting that. So we thought there is no point of putting each and everything in the end and also clumps, create a clumsiness, enjoy the user interface as well, right? So let's say, if I have a cash and a sphere on and then we have to go and create that powered by our provider coming from this. So instead, we just wrapped it around itself. And then whenever you open a sphere on, you will find all this provider inside them and we are rolling out videos and wherever you go. And explain to the people, all of our pitch, takes sales, take or whatever. has the explanation from where these cheap computers? They come are coming from

00:10:00

Prashant Maurya: So that is what the intent was just to make our UI more simpler to look versus tool, like making it more complicated.

Anil Murty: I see. So basically you want people to think that your basically owning the infrastructure and people don't need to care where it's coming from andâ€¦

Prashant Maurya: Yeah. Yeah.

Anil Murty: you'll take care of but Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions for percent? Again Prashant, thank you for taking the time join us. there's a couple of other representatives from clients here, do we want to get an update from the cash console and then we'll get an update from Cloudmose team after that? So I'll hand it over to. I see Joseph and you're here. Does anybody want to Josephs Joseph, take it away.

Joseph Tary: I mean the main updates going on for console right now are all related to the main net upgrade and getting all the GPU support in there. I don't think there's gonna be too much outside of just, the general UI updates that are going to be relevant to anybody. But other users though, some of the changes are being done in a cost specifically related to things like manifest generations. So let's be a little bit more vocal about those changes since anyone's using them. There will be some changes going in shortly to address some changes to the SDL format. So just you're using current version that you'll want to update to make sure that you're getting those changes, otherwise you might see some validation errors, On manifest ends. Because that they should be going up today. So the new version will cut today.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Joseph.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, Joseph did.

Anil Murty: and just

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and yeah, sorry, I apologize.

Anil Murty: you can finish producing I should have made.

Tyler Wright: No, no, you're fine. I was just going to talk about the issue 104 and some of the changes. I'll need to be made to clients. I'll let you go first and I can follow up about that.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I think the stuff that Joseph was just talking about was exactly that which is the changes to the SDL generation and manifest. So I think it's kind of the same thing, one of four and 106 issues. but yeah, so I think a couple of things one is the changes that need to be made on the clients I think Prashant, I don't know, where you guys are in terms of supporting GPUs or all of that, but Basically, in in the course of testing out GPU support. We actually found a couple of issues that have existed in. The core code base for a long time. And these have to do with the way that the clients

Anil Murty: Order the services and the resources are requested for those services. So sometimes you end up in a situation, where if there's two services and there's two resource requests for those services, those two can get swapped. And this doesn't cause a huge issue, or in many cases. It's not noticeable because people request, very similar compute profiles for each of the services. But when you get into the GPU and that's where it makes a difference. Because if you have one service that only need CPUs and another they need CPUs or if you have two services that need to very different types of GPUs then you're going to see a difference in performance.

Anil Murty: So those issues are being addressed in the core code base right now, I don't know, where you guys are in terms of your development, but something to keep in mind, published documentation on this, but you guys might want to keep that in mind because when we go to Mainnet, this will be potentially a breaking change. For some other clients deploying on to Akash using Sdls today.

Anil Murty: So just wanted to put that out there for you to be aware of and then the other thing I was going to mention was on the console side. We are working on essentially kind of changing the landing page a little bit. So we're going to be supporting a more AI for this type of landing page. I'm gonna publish more on this in the next few days but there's a couple of issues within the console repo. If you want to take a look at them issue number 100 and issue one 12, I think there's a full request out there for making those changes as well. So those will be getting rolled out as well as we get through So that users get a more AI for his type of you into this and we'll be adding templates for all the AI apps that were created as a Result of the testnet that we just went through. so, those mean to updates I want to share

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you, I put in the chat issue number 104 so people can track where that issue is. As Anil mentioned, when documentation is available, I know internal testing is happening right now. Once that documentation is available, there will be a message that will be put in SIG clients for all clients to see and have an update on some of those changes. That'll be happening across again a number of different repos.

Tyler Wright: I know what this talk about issue. 100, Inside the console repos. I put a link to that issue in there as well. And then lastly, I just want to just throw this in there for folks. I know that art that there's a number of initiatives here. But I know the archer in the core team has been working on Akash API which he updates when he's making changes to a number of the features and to the core product. So I just want to put this out as a resource to folks that are building clients. That's something that they could leverage and again please kind of things will get automatically updated when using Akash APIs. I just want to just make that more available to folks to take a look at start with the Readme if they're not already using it, just sharing that. With everyone.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions about Akash console updates? Before we move on to an update from CLOUDMUS provided by Max?

Tyler Wright: All right. Mexican, take it away. And give us update on the cloud bus from

Max: Hey our focus in the past couple of weeks has been mostly about supporting the GPU testnet. As much as possible on cloud bows. So, What we did mostly was to first, add the indexing for the testnet, so installments when you switch to from the mainnet to the testnet. All the analytics and the provider status and attributes and all the stats related to the network are switched to the testnet. And that really helped, I think. People deploying on the TESTNET because previously it was all the main net data. That was provided to the Testnet interface which was not the best user experience.

Max: So, that's what we did. And recently also added The historical data for the network capacity. This is something that we abled. A few months ago, we started taking daily snapshots of the network capacity. To be able to have these kind of graphs. Since this data is not unchained, we can't have it from the genesis but that's why we started it without building a couple months ago to gather that data and We did it also for the testnet and then a bunch of optimization improvements to make it fast and

Max: Yeah, that's pretty much it. Focusing on making the testnet for GPUs as seamless as possible. And will be continuing the support and building it or probably working with the Akash team to fix the issue mentioned earlier about The bugs that were discovered on Testnet, so yeah, that's it.

Tyler Wright: Breaking Max. Does anyone have any questions about any of the updates that Max's gay for cloudless?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, not really question but just wanted to say again Thanks for making the changes Max to support the indexer for the testnet. That's been a huge help when we talk to providers. So one of the things we're trying to do is as we get to Mainnet, we are basically constantly talking with providers on one side and then on potential AI developers on the other side and try to match their requirements. So they're finding a AI development team that is looking for GPUs or running the GPU somewhere else. And then trying to find a provider that has those GPUs and then making sure that they're pricing matches and they can deploy when we get to maintain it. And so having this indexer has been a huge help because you can send them the link to that, as well as the great or dashboard. And then say about a bunch of people that are, spinning a providers and setting up leases. So we're in a good position to be able to do this in the community. So thank you for doing that.

00:20:00

Max: Sure, you're welcome.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright: couple things on the horizon. I just want to make this group aware of again, there is a little bit of additional testing that's ongoing. There'll be some internal testing about some of the bug fixes from 104. And potentially that Bug fixer 104 might fix issue number 106. So, that's being closely monitored at the internal testing is happening. There will be a private group of folks that are highly technical from the insiders in vanguards community that will connect with, to do some extent of testing on all these again. Bug fixes in changes. So I know that a number of the clients as mentioned the console as well as cabos teams are going to be able to support those efforts. Also on the horizon is going to be testing of take pay and stable pavements which is also a part of the main debt upgrade which is going to be happening very soon. So if anybody here

Tyler Wright: I know that a number of you are part of the insiders or vanguards. But if anybody here talking to mostly you Prashant, if you have any technical members of your team, that want to participate in any of those testnets, please just shoot me a private message and we can connect to make sure that they're working in the closer real time with some of the other clients as we push towards the main. Net upgrade

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else on the clients side that hasn't been covered that? Anybody wants to discuss right now?

Tyler Wright: Again, there are some outstanding action items. I know members of the core team will be finalizing documentation around some of those changes. I don't have to be made for issue 104, and those changes will be shared in SIG clients, and then again, testing, will continue both internally and with members of the Akash community to make sure that all things related to. Those bugs are solved work, very feeling, very comfortable, as we move towards the main end upgrade. And, again, take pay and stable payments testing will be shortly following, The testing of GPU one, the issue number 104, and following that we should be on our march toward may not upgrade where folks will get documentation on how to upgrade validators providers, etc. And that's a big next action item after these tests.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions or other comments before I let you go?

Tyler Wright: That's why I appreciate the updates. Again, the house from the sphere on team again. Thank you all to all those little bit listening to MP. I know he usually takes notes during these meetings but much appreciated everybody joining today. Have a great rest of the day and then notes will be available soon. Thank you. All.

Anil Murty: Thank you, Tyler. Bye everyone.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:24:08 ðŸ‘‹

