# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #8
## Agenda
- Updates on Cloudmos and Console
- Demo Presentation from Source Network
- Discussions on Clients Libraries
## Meeting Details
- Date: Thursday, August 16, 2023
- Time: 9:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#Transcript)
## Participants
- Addo Smajic
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Anish Maddipoti
- Boz Menzalji, Calvin Harris
- Carlos A
- Christopher Berry
- Damir Simpovic, Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- envy | Neta DAO
- Fred Carle
- Greg Osuri
- Ishan Dhanani
- Joao Luna
- John-Alan Simmons
- Joseph Tary
- Julius Haus
- Keenan Nemetz
- Mark Ntim
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Shahzad Lone
- Thomas Montfort
- Tyler Wright
- Tzu-Jung Lee
## Meeting Notes
### Updates on Cloudmos
#### Max's Update:
- Max expresses gratitude for support on [ the proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/216), noting high participation.
- Ongoing work on the CloudMos Interface and Tools, now open source.
- Integration of AkashJS library for SDL parsing and manifest creation.
- Anyone can use the indexer acquired by the community with documentation in the repository.
- Announcement of an upcoming release: the AuthZ manager for managing authorizations.
- Mention of plans to implement authorizations that can pay for deployments fees, inspired by Omniflix platform.
- The plan is to provide free trials for users without tokens.
- Mentioned that they have "no public roadmap," but they work closely with Anil on things to improve and build. 
#### Tyler Wright
- CloudMos and Console teams supporting a sandbox environment for testing network changes.
- Two bugs identified and resolved through testing.
- Community involvement in testing to ensure client functionality on mainnet.
#### Anil Murty
- Anil addresses a question from Julius and discusses synergies between the two teams(Cloudmos team and Console team).
- Emphasizes that Cloudmos is now open source on Akash Network.
- Highlights the product strategy aimed at leveraging synergies between the two teams and finding common features.
- Discusses the importance of finding common features between both platforms and reusing code where possible.
- Details the plan to identify common features and integrate them into AkashJS.
- Mentions that all the document he is presenting will be available in the Sig-Clients within the Akash Network's community repository.
- Discusses plans to clean up the roadmap and make it accessible, mentioning the Cloudmos deploy folder as a potential location for it.
- Highlights recent developments by the Cloudmos team, specifically UI for viewing and setting attributes for providers.
- Explains that providers connected to the wallet can now see and modify attributes they've set.
- Highlights that clients can view the attributes they're assigned.
- Clarifies that the intention is not to become a provider management platform but to test the [proposed schema](https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/blob/main/config/provider-attributes.md) for compatibility with providers before wider implementation.
- Highlights that attributes implemented by the Cloudmos team to help clients query and filter providers based on specific criteria, improved the client experience.
- Highlights that attributes implemented by the Cloudmos team addresses an issue with the SSH shell interface in Cloudmos, which previously experienced frequent timeouts. 

### Updates on Console
#### Anil Murty
- Anil Murty mentions that some bugs were reported in the Cloudmos channel on Discord during the Testnet phase. Fixes were made, including addressing an issue related to persistent storage.
- Anil Murty introduces a new landing page for Console 2.0 but clarifies that it's an interim solution until the new experience is determined.
- Anil Murty provides information about the Agora Labs team who are starting a project to build upon Console.
- Discusses their aim to create a user-friendly experience for AI developers.
- Mentions the team's plan to work on a prototype for an upcoming hackathon.
### Discussions on Client Libraries
- Joao Luna: Provides an update on the client libraries. The Java library is open source, while the GO library is still closed source and under discussion. 
- Greg Osuri: Expresses the need for a GO library for his client project and is open to either building it himself or receiving access to one.
- Joao Luna: Agrees to discuss the GO library further within the working group for clients.
- Greg Osuri: Discusses the funding aspect and suggests putting out a usable version of the library first. He mentions that he will work on it regardless of funding but would need funding for further development.
- Joao Luna: Shares insights into their approach in building the library and their need for a clients library to interact with the Akash network.
### Demo Presentation from Source Network
- Tyler Wright: Introduces the [Source.Network](https://source.network/) team and gives them the opportunity to demo their decentralized solution.
- Addo Smajic briefly explains the nature of their decentralized database solution.
- John-Alan begins the demo of their database solution, [DeferDB](https://github.com/sourcenetwork/defradb). Launches an instance with an in-memory store, explaining the use of schemas and Graphql for interacting with the database.
- Greg asked for a reminder about what a CID is.
- John-Alan explained that CID comes from the IPLD data model, which powers IPFS and Filecoin, and it stands for "content identifier."
- John-Alan mentioned the importance of the Merkel CRDT system for building decentralized databases.
- John-Alan mentioned the need for developers to spin up nodes on Akash to act as replication endpoints for users going through applications.
- Greg expressed enthusiasm for the Source project and its alignment with Akash's vision.
- Discussed the idea of having managed services, like databases, that can be scheduled with containers.
- Greg inquired about the consistency model supported.
- John-Alan explained that it falls under the "strong eventually consistent model," where all clients see the same state as long as they are on the same version.
- Greg Osuri inquired about the number of verifications required for eventual consistency, but the exact number wasn't provided.
- Greg asked about ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) support.
- John-Alan mentioned that GraphQL provides a native ORM-like system.
- John-Alan highlighted Akash's ability to allow users to spin up VMs easily with a private key, reducing the complexity of server management.
- A question was raised about how authentication to the database works.
- John-Alan explained that they have a Global Authorization service within their Cosmos APP Chain.
### Other matters Discussed
- Thomas Montfort provides a high-level overview of their projec and background as AI/ML engineers.
- Highlights their interest in Akash due to the GPU testnet and the support for GPU resources.
- Expresses the challenges in deploying and fine-tuning models due to resource availability.
- Outlines their immediate plan for the HACKATHON: creating an interface for fine-tuning models and automating deployment.
- Mention of handling model checkpointing and dealing with providers.
  #### Model checkpointing
- Anil Murty: Discusses the topic of checkpoints and shares that they are in talks with another team working on Lower Training, a technique that involves training large AI models on a smaller subset of parameters. They are exploring the possibility of enabling this training on Akash once the mainnet is launched.
- Anil Murty: Highlights that the training aspect of AI models can be exorbitantly expensive, and the Lower Training solution could be a cost-effective alternative.
- Anil mentions that he is working with the team on a proposal that will be published on GitHub discussions in the next few days.
## Action Items
- Cloudmos team to release new features and additional functionalities.
- Anil Murty to publish a high-level roadmap for Cloudmos and Console on GitHub.
- Anil to share presentation documnent in sig-client repository
- Luna to continue discusions with Greg on Go library development in sig-client discord channel
- Tyler Wright to check if the Source Network team has plans for future sessions.
- John-Alan Simmons to prepare a demo for a larger audience.
## Transcripts
