# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #9

## Agenda

- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #8.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, September 20, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://hy3zv6e5mxhxnese25p5cupfitg236o6aeivmow6fxfvpnqmjr3q.arweave.net/Pjea-J1lz3aSRNdf0VHlRM2t-d4BEVY63i3LV7YMTHc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Dominic .B
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Joseph Tary
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright

## Notes

- Max and the cloudmos team gave updates on the work that they have been doing
 - They have been working on AuthZ Manager.
 - Max talked about the work they are doing with USDC. USDC is tricky, but the functionality is billed into the UI of Cloudmos.
- Joseph Tary gave updates on Akash Console.
  - Joseph has been working on fixes to AkashJS as a result of the changes to the SDL structure.
  - AI templates for different AI sdls have been added to console.
  - A new feature is being added where you can configure GPUs from the actual SDL UI in Akash Console.
- Dominic asked about the status of GPUs on the Akash Network. Tyler reiterated that Mainnet 6 upgrade brough GPUs onto the Akash Network. 

### Action Items

- Cloudmos and Console teams will continue to develop new features.
- Please use respective Discord channels for further questions or in depth conversation.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody. To Sid clients monthly meeting number nine. During these clients, special interest group meetings, the group gets together and talks about again. Everything clients related on the Akash network. There was a number of things that have happened. Over the past month.

Tyler Wright: Since the last meeting, there's been a number of changes that both the Cloud most console team have made. I'm sure that they will representatives from those teams give some updates. There was a maintenance six upgrade. I know a lot of work went into making that upgrade possible by members of the community by clients that are 10 teams that are represented here. Again, the main That's six went up a minute. Fix upgrade went off fairly well. Again the upgrade with successful, There are a couple of things related to validator that are getting fine-tuned and actually are on chain right now for a small validator upgrade. But again, both cloud most and console, we're ready for the maintenance except grade and those are popular deployment tools being used by the Community Post upgrade. So again, shout out to those teams.

Tyler Wright: Also, we got a great demo from the Source network team. I know that they've been heads down working with integrating into the source networks into the accounts network so we'll get an update from them on discord and I think at the next Stig clients monthly meeting So, without further ado, I do want to just hand it over to the Max's. I know that they've been working on a number of things, Cloud, most related, I just want to start off with some updates in the Cloud website.

Max: Yeah, It's been a packed month, the past month. We did a bunch of stuff. Starting Officially open sourcing, our code, under the cash network. Organization. I'm sure everyone here has I could post it if it's needed. And also, We refactored. Our SDL handling code to use a cash JS. And the fixed a bunch of stuff inside a Cassius. Which is now fully supporting all the features of the current main net.

Max: We also added the main support for GPU and USDC. So users cannot deploy GPUs. And also Usdc is a trickier to deploy with because you need to know the exact IBC denim to get bids from providers on the main net. So we'll address this and work to make it easier in the coming months. Because obviously, the usdc, deployments add a lot of value to the attachment work. And we also added the new towels on the dashboard and graphs for the GPUs. And also for the US or yet. Yeah. The US and the Usdc.

Max: Spending. Which is also Nice to have in terms of Analysis of the network. Seeing the usd amounts of USB amount spent on the network. instead of just the Akt amounts, which is a very volatile and it doesn't Give a good representation of how much is being spent.

Max: We've also improved, the sandbox support. We run a separate indexer for the send, but not sandbox now. So, Just as we did for the testnet, you can deploy and test stuff on the sandbox. With the full support of all the features and the platform. We also this week. Improve the provided list. It's not released yet. We're releasing it today. So it's going to be a lot clearer on the r providers list, which Pro GPUs are available. also working with a bunch of providers so that attributes properly for the provides schema attributes.

00:05:00

Max: And lastly, we release the first version of the Oddsi manager with the feed grant features also. This is Going to be great for the future. Right now, there's a small bug That will be fixed in the coming year. Network upgrades that will enable ADSI to last longer than the deployment but yeah, so the Aussie management managers ready for supporting free trials, or managing multiple wallets and having a separate wallet for your deployments and stuff without having to transfer. Akts or usdc so yeah. that's about it or what we did in a bunch of bug fixes here and there,

Max: Improvements based on the feedback.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you, Max's. Again.

Max: yep, for the prototypes and for the SDL parsing and stuff. Yep.

Tyler Wright: Yes, excellent. does it?

Max: Code is open source so you can look at it.

Tyler Wright: I enjoys asking for message types as well, as Akasha has being used.

Max: I'm not sure for this. I'll have to look at it. You can DM it if you really want to know later on Julius,

Tyler Wright: I just want to add real quick. I know that there's a ecosystem cloud. Most channel in discord where if anybody has any questions, comments thoughts about any teachers bugs or any comments for the Max's. I know that both of them are very active in that channel and see messages. So does anyone else have any questions comments for the clubhouse team?

Tyler Wright: Cool, if there's no questions there, then we'll move on to an update from the console team. I know that they've been doing a lot of things related to again. Continue developing on console, as well as a cost JS. Joseph, do you mind giving us a quick update on all the work that you've been doing over the past month?

Joseph Tary: Yeah, so most of the work's been going into getting a cost JS. Working properly with all the new SDL changes and getting the new message types and everything integrated properly that works. Well complete now so August should fully support everything that's needed. And then all the actual console side, we added a new landing page with some additional template types. So now if you go to the console, there's deployment templates for some ML base workloads, as well as web services. They're kind of pulled out now, so there's no Webster or RPC stuff for Blockin. Web services stuff each separate categories of templates in the beach. And you can deploy with GPUs currently to configure GPUs. You do have to do it through the SDL.

Joseph Tary: manually through the SDL. There is a UI component that's going to be going in sometime this week, so that you can configure GPUs from the actual SDL UI that just hasn't been put up on production. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Joseph. I know that again, out of the last meeting Anil had mentioned some work that was being done around documentation of similar features for Cloud, most and console. I know that work now been updated in is now again, live in this sick clients repo, I'm gonna put in the chat that people could see and we could just again if anybody has any questions feel free to drop those in discord and we could just talk about those over the month. But I know that was an action item and there was working on and again that action is now available for everybody to look at. Julius putting the Chinese put in. I opened up to update the examples in the costumes. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Again, I'm throwing That client that I posture is cloud. Most accountable. MD in the chat.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any other questions for console or relate to Akash JS before we move on?

Tyler Wright: Related to clients in general. Again, I know the prey tour. Team is pretty heads down and they often give updates. During the sick providers meeting, I know, Luna has been working on a number of things. So again, he usually attends these meetings, but may not be able to attend today. I just want to see if there's anybody on this call. That's once to talk about anything specific or general relate to clients on the cost network.

Tyler Wright: then again, if there's no further updates, if there's no further questions and we can certainly cut. This meeting short again. I know that the store's network team has been heads down and we'll give an update probably in discord over the next couple of weeks and then a follow-up at the next monthly meeting. So, look after that, you've heard all the updates being made by the Cloud most team, as well as a console team related to the deployment tools, as well as a cashier. Yes. So if anybody has any questions again, there's respective discord channels, where you can ask for their questions and get a feedback from the teams building those tools. And again, I know that's one of the other action items. We'll talk to Luna about in between meetings. I know Luna.

Tyler Wright: Asking some questions about provider attributes, which we can have either a dedicated working group session or we can continue to have that conversation discord. And then I know there was conversation out of the last. Take monthly meeting around go client libraries, so we can see what Luna's thought about over the last month there. I know the core team has been thinking about it a little bit but again has been focused on the main net upgrade. So we can talk about that async and say If you need to have a dedicated session or if we can continue those conversations in discord. So I'll check those action items and make sure that we're pushing those items forward over the next month.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other talking points that anybody wants to discuss while we're all here? If not that, I'll let you all, enjoy the rest of your Wednesday.

Tyler Wright: again, Thank you. Joseph and others for joining the meeting and again, giving us updates. Thank you to all the questions. Thank you Julius for that. R update much appreciated, everyone's time today again. Please don't be shy. If anyone has any questions comments about any deployment tools or any clients in general, please feel free to ask and we'll continue Christian. Probably forward Dominic. Did you ever hand up

Dominic .B: Hello guys. And thank you to. I'm happy to speak with you. I have a question, maybe for the next three year. Did we see the mainnet on the GPU? and if we see the Alpha from the Japan.

Tyler Wright: I'm sorry. maybe as my connection, would you say, did you want to see that alpha of the GPU on the mainnet?

Dominic .B: Yes, I meant. I mean we are now on the better side. Yes. and I mean, the mainnet from the last part from GPU,

Tyler Wright: So again may not six It is been released. Yes, as an open the chat. So this is a live feature that is available on the network right now. People are actively deploying GPUs. And again, providing GPUs of all kinds from the Nvidia manufacturer actively right now in the network. So, there was a testing period. And then again, that's a couple of weeks ago, there was an upgrade that occurred, where that made that feature live, you can look at it again. I think Carlos Team mentioned, there are analytics on the cloud most pool that are available, that kind of showcase, what kind of GPUs available on the network, as well as deployments. And then again, pray to also as a tool where you can look at some of the analytics on again GPUs on the network and usage.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: I hope that answers your question, Dominic.

Tyler Wright: All Again if there's nothing else. Then if anybody has any questions feel free to reach out to myself or anybody inside the SIG clients. Discord Channel, Dominic, I tell you go on me. Do you want to get something to follow up?

Dominic .B: Thank you. And I am happy to be here from the beginning. Thank you guys.

Tyler Wright: Our place again. Thank you all much. Appreciate the participation from the community. Again, it's a community that's been helping building tools testing of the network. So it's very much group effort and all the progress of the class is made over last couple of years. So much, appreciate you all. If anybody has any further questions comments, feel free to reach out and discord and SID clients or in a specific channel like cloudnos, or ecosystem console. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day and we'll continue to talk online. Thank you all.

Rodrigo Rochin: You guys,

Joseph Tary: Pictures.

Meeting ended after 00:16:53 ðŸ‘‹


