# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10

## Agenda

- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #9.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 18, 2023
- Time: 10:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://yofgxnfxaqk4jruuwko7pyrfckw27dtg5thp6c6bv2sfvfq66jla.arweave.net/w4prtLcEFcTGlLKd9-IlEq2vjmbszv8Lwa6kWpYe8lY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright



## Notes

- Max B and the cloudmos team gave updates on the work that they have been doing
 - They have been working on AuthZ Manager. This is live and working right now.
 - The main issue with AuthZ is that the deployment only last for one deployment.
 - Working on user experience for the Cloudmos
 - Max has been working to select GPU model.
 - Max is adding features
 - Max is working on adding SDL builder in the creation wizard.
 - Max C started working on Cosmos kit to support for wallets.
 - There was a contribution from to support Leap Wallet
 - Cloudmos has added a FAQ page.
 - Julius asked Do you replace leaps integration then with the release of cosmos kit? Max B. and Max C.
 - The plan for the future is to continue to make it very easy to deploy on Akash
 - Max B mentioned that they are working on an agent to monitor provider uptime and beyond. 
- Anil shared that bug fixing and improvements will be paused for Console. The product is open source, so anyone else can do it.
  - The Cloudmos team is part of the core team. All traffic will be directed to Cloudmos.
  - Joseph Tary is going to be working on AkashMl.com
- Anil is going to post a message in Discord to let people know.
- All Links that point to Console will point to Cloudmos. There will be a banner on Console that pushes people to Cloudmos.
- Console open source repo will still be there.
- Julius asked Is there already work going on to transform the console to something mentioned in the updated product strategy? Anil mentioned that the thinking was maybe to use Console codebase, but the decision has NOT been made yet.
- Issues for Cloudmos should go into https://github.com/akash-network/cloudmos/issues.
- Anil mentioned that with the Console team being sunset, and some teams not able to join the calls regularly, should the frequency be changed? Tyler will bring this up between meetings, and this can be assesed. 
  
### Action Items

- Cloudmos team will continue to work on user experience improvements
- Cloudmos will be pushed as go to deploy tool. Console will remain open source, but new features and bug fixes will not be prioritized by Overclock Labs in the short term.
- Tyler will determine if the cadence of the meeting should change.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Welcome, everybody to the Special Interest Group for Clash of Clients Monthly meeting Number 10. During these monthly meetings teams that are building on top of Akash building clients come together to talk about updates, respective to their clients. There is a github folder that has a number of folks that have been participating and usually participate during these SIG clients calls. I'm going to put that in the chat so that people can see my cloud. Most console FLEEK open registry. Pray to our sphere on Terraform and others. I know that folks are very busy so much. Appreciate the cloud, most consult team. And again, Julius from the inside is for joining,

Tyler Wright: but out of the monthly meeting. Number nine, we got some updates on console the work that Joseph and Anil have been doing as well as updates from the Max's and all the works. They've been doing on the cloud most fronts. So, again, as part of the typical agenda, we continue to get updates on a monthly basis from various teams. I know that again, the console team is here today as well as a crowd, most team. So Without further ado, I do want to pass over to the club most team and I'll take the notes in the background on some of the updates that you all have been working on over the last month.

Max: Hey everyone. So yeah. Sure. I'll provide some updates.

Max: What was the updates from last month? I'll try to find it, but yeah, we've been Working on improving a bunch of things in the clubhouse. UX, mainly towards the appointment experience. More recently. I've been working on adding more features to the STL Builder.

Max: the GPUs being able to select GPU model in the SEA on Builder adding support for Usdc payments in the SL Builder. And other features that we're missing the IP Lease and HTTP options.

Max: of also working on adding the SEO builder in the Creation Wizard of Deployments, it's working right now. So being able to create a pull request later today.

Max: But else.

Tyler Wright: Max last week or last month rather you were talking about civil work that you were doing on the Offsee manager as well. I think everything else you've covered already from last month but only thing I know that you were working on last month was off the manager.

Max: Yeah, this is been released and it's life. So it's working for both the deployment oddity and the fee azi. But I think the main issue with the artsy for deployments is that The authorization only lasts for one deployment. So It's not. that useful right now but it will be a lot more useful once this Bug or feature is implemented. and it's on the timeline, I think for Implementations.

Max: but yeah, Max has been working on bunch of A very interesting features and project that you can talk about.

Maxime Cyr: Yeah, So yeah, recently was mainly bug fixes and started looking into integrating cosmoskit to support more wallets. So, right now, we have Kepler and recently we get a contribution and github for the daily wallet. And we all to support, even more with Cosmos Kit.

Maxime Cyr: and also I think since the last meeting we added the FAQ page, So in the discord we see of, then the same issue coming back. So now we can direct them to the FAQ page with the most common issues.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Thank you,â€¦

Maxime Cyr: Think that's it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Maxine.

Tyler Wright: Julius just asking a tattoo, replace leaps integration. Then with the release of Cosmos Kit.

00:05:00

Maxime Cyr: And maybe we'll need to see the planet there yet.

Max: It wasn't that many changes the leap to Cosmos, so it shouldn't be big change from leap to customer skit. We'll see.

Tyler Wright: Is that in the works? Over the next month or what are some things Max's that you are thinking? you're going to be working on over the next month. That might be worth.

Max: So we will. like I mentioned the earlier, our focus on the next week is really to

Max: make it much easier for a new users to deploy on a cash. So, Experimenting with you Types of deployment creation, workflows. and also,

Max: We've been working Creating an agent to deploy on all the providers to help monitoring the uptime. And A bunch of other attributes from providers to.

Max: monitor their performance at time and stuff. So yeah, I need that and just fixing the issues that are posted in our issues That Anil posted.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Max and Anil. Thank you for dropping in, just as a reminder, I think this has been spread on discord and elsewhere. If anybody has any issues related to most again, Cloud most has a specific repo in the Akash Network organization, where you can drop in all those issues I believe. And they'll drop in not only the access to the issues, but then, specifically issue number 34, that Max was just talking about so again, anything cloud most related. Feel free to drop those issues in the cloud, most repo inside the Akash network organization. And again those things will get talked about. If folks are there during the six support or again can be handled async be a github.

Tyler Wright: Also want to shout out the Max's for all the work they do inside discord. I know there's a specific channel ecosystem dash cloud, most where again, the max it's a very responsive when folks, from the community. Have any specific questions around cloudmouth so much, appreciate the Max's and all their efforts. Does anyone have any questions for the Cloud most team before we move on?

Tyler Wright: again, Carlos team, thank you very much for the updates. I know you have a lot going on. I don't know if you wanted to give any specific updates on anything console related. I know Joseph usually does that but I know he's been handling some other things this week. So I don't know if there's any specific updates. You were wanted to get today or if you want to handle that Asyn.

Anil Murty: You actually do have a couple of updates. So I think one of the big updates is that. We are going to be pausing active development and bug fixes on Console obviously is open source. So anybody else it wants to continue working on it from the community is, welcome to do. So to submit PRs in will be happy to review them or have others review them, but we are going to be pausing active development on console. Both bunk fixes as well. New feature development, This is family motivated by two things. Number one. Given that the club most team is now part of the core team.

Anil Murty: and the want to try to and given what Max said right there they're working on UI changes that in some ways would make potentially the workflow similar to what Console has in terms of, jumping in and potentially having the SDL builder be part of the deploy workflow. Given how similar that is to console and given that they're part of the core team. Now it makes sense to direct all traffic to that one too. As opposed to trying to divide up, the traffic of people that wanted to apply onto two different tools. so that's one reason and then separate from that is as people may have seen with the Akash, ml.com, webpage announcement.

00:10:00

Anil Murty: Joe is going to be spending time working on some prototyping efforts around that and so He's the primary developer on console from the core team. So he's not gonna have time to spend on console and so for those two reasons we're gonna, Pause active development on console, To communicate this, we are going to be posting a message on various discord channels about this change and directing people to use cloudmuse for the deployments and then we're also changing the website, our cash dot network and point pointing all links that point to console today. To point the cloud most

Anil Murty: Within console itself. They'll be a banner that will tell people that there isn't active development happening from the core team. And that people should. Consider using cloud modes instead of really used.

Anil Murty: That said, there have been a maybe more than a couple of teams that have Akashat on submissions, that use Console. So, by no means is console, open source report, not going to be there, or it's still going to be there for people that want to develop maintain or host in terms that still going to be there. And people are welcome to submit peers into console. It'll still be there a little bit working. It still works.

Anil Murty: yeah, so Julius to answer your question, we are currently looking at various options for the stack that we want to have for The Akash ML and AI ML strategy initially as the thinking was, to transform console into that. But we are rethinking that a little bit given night. The Akash Channel service is going to be a service that we want to target primary towards Web to developers. We're trying to figure out if it makes sense to build on top of console or build, something, completely different. So, That's kind of where that is. But, yeah, you're right. Initially, the thinking was, console will be that product, but there's still thinking, if we need a completely different stack, One of the challenges with building, the IML product is, We don't want to be tied to a specific AI model today stable, diffusion is very popular. But, in the next few months, there might be something else.

Anil Murty: and so, having something that is relatively flexible and can adapt to various models and allow us to not be rigid in terms of the inputs, we accept or the outputs that we put out and also being more developer friendly than just having a UI. So building something that is API driven and driven potentially so, it's kind of thinking over So that's kind of one main updated in. I think the other update, Is. if I think you mentioned the style there's issues on cloud, please submit them to the cloud. Most people given the cloud Moses, open source now.

Anil Murty: There is an issue section inside that repo. I've been submitting issues there and, encourage anybody else that is running into bugs or has suggestions for improvements to cloud, most to submit them there. And then we've seen a couple of people already Pull requests for changes to cloud modes, so hopefully we'll see a lot more of that way forward. That's all right.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Anil for that update? Does anyone have any questions about anything? I know just mentioned.

Tyler Wright: again, I know some teams are going to be giving some updates on some of the work that they've been doing over the last couple of months async in the Sick Clients, discord channel. If anybody here has any other questions comments or concerns between meetings, feel free to drop them in the sick clients discord, channel or again and ecosystem. Cloud, most channel if you have something specific to cloud, most Is there anything else clients related to anybody wants to discuss right now or while we're here?

Anil Murty: One thing I was wondering and we don't have to decide right now, but if the participation on the C clients client, is a call isn't super Heavy and it's primarily the Cloud Nose team. And given the proposing console development a little bit. One thing to consider should reduce the frequency of these calls, just to save people time, but it's something that we can probably socialize with other people that are building because, initially we had a bunch of different clients show up to these meetings. So maybe we can put our banner and say, Hey, people aren't able to join these calls regularly. We don't want to waste everybody's time, maybe because they may be other month or something like that.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think that's a great call out. And something that we can circulate as you mentioned in discord and look to change the frequency, if we get consensus

Tyler Wright: again, if there's nothing else and much appreciate everyone's time today. again let's look Stay connected in between meetings and again. we will reassess the frequency of these calls and make sure that we're optimizing the time that we're spending together. But much appreciate everyone's time today. And again, if anybody has any updates, questions concerns, feel free to drop them in the SID Clients discord channel. At any time, we'll talk to you online. Thank you, everybody.

Anil Murty: Thanks Tyler. Thanks everyone.

Max: Thank you.

Julius Haus: Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:16:43 ðŸ‘‹

