# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

## Agenda

- Teams discussed a review of 2023 and a look ahead of what teams are thinking about building in 2024. 
- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #10.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Monday, December 18th, 2023
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Damir Simpovic
- Derek Anderson
- Fireflies.ai Notetaker Nicolas
- Jeffrey Lipps
- Jr
- Jigar Patel
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Maxime Cyr
- Naman K
- Poroburu
- Prashant Maurya
- Pratik Balar
- Tyler Wright
- –ö—Ä–∏—Å –¢–æ—Ñ–µ—Ä



## Notes


### Cloudmos

### Spheron

### NodeOps

### Questions:

- Anil asked about Spheron Providers.
  
### Action Items




# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig clients monthly meeting number 11. During the clients special interest group a number of teams and individuals from the community come together on a monthly basis to discuss progress related to folks that are building clients on top of Akash. We've talked about in 2024 updating the Cadence in time so that we can have more participation from various teams. I know that folks are coming in from all over the world so much appreciate those that are taking time out there evening or early early morning to join this call. I know there's some other folks that are trying to make themselves available for this time slot. But again, I think we have a number of participants here today.

Tyler Wright: The last Sig clients monthly meeting that was planned for November was pushed out to today because the goal for this meeting is really to have each of the teams. That's kind of represented here today on the call kind of give and high level, two to three minutes updates on all the work that is maybe happened on that project in 2023, maybe highlighting a couple of key areas that they're of excitement to key areas for concern or issue for 2023 and then really spend a minute for each project looking ahead at some of the things that you all are thinking about respective projects for 2024.

Tyler Wright: The goal really for these calls is to make sure that various projects and teams are kind of aligned on what other folks are working on. So if there's opportunities for sharing of work or resources, at least there's transparency amongst folks on this call so that people know another team is working on this and they can ask for support and guidance. so that's really what the goal for this sick clients meeting is Anil has been doing a great job of leading these effort Month over month and kind of asking questions got in the conversations and communicating to various teams that they need anything. Usually there's members of the core team is here as well. But because of holidays those folks will be listening into the recording that I'll send them after this meeting today.

Tyler Wright: With that being said, I know again there's a number of teams represented here including sphere on I see the cloud most team the prey to our team. I see Derek is here representing the block list team. Again. My goal is to have each team kind of talk about review of 2023 for two minutes. I will cut some folks off if we need to because I want to make sure that every team here. Have some time to talk about their project and talk about future plans. And then again from there. I want to leave some time for open discussion or questions at the end and then we can wrap it up for this sick clients meeting and for 2023 and then in 2024, I'll meet with some of the teams.

Tyler Wright: I'll talk to some of the teams async to make sure that a time works so that we can continue to have these conversations moving forward. If it's not monthly we can do it by monthly. So finalize that that's moving to 2024. Does anyone have any questions about anything before we get going?

Tyler Wright: again much appreciate everybody's time and for being here. I know that cloudmouse has done a significant amount and is a steady participant at many of these Sig clients meetings. So from an order of operation standpoint. I believe I'll go from cloud most to sphere on to node Ops Team who I know is here and then I'll wrap it up with Derek from Blacklist will be kind of the order of operations. And if anybody else is representing a team and wants to participate field feel to drop it in a chat. I'll make sure that she have some time. But without further Ado, I'll hand it over to the Max's and they can get us going with some of the progress that they've made in 2023 and some of the things that they're thinking about 1524.

Max: Thanks Tyler for the intro. So yeah, 2023 he was a crazy year for us and for a lot of people I guess it was a hard time as well because it was the bear Market but we Powered through and continue to develop a lot of features a lot of stuff happened. I wrote a list of stuff our main points that we worked on and events that happened. So just go over that list quickly. So

00:05:00

Max: at the start of 2023 and cloudmose was a desktop app that was a Only available after downloading the application and running it look it so. We worked Putting that behind us and releasing the cloud. Most deploy web. Which is now the main? platform to deploy on a cache today we released a bunch of features after releasing the web version including the shell which is one or the only I believe clients that has this feature. Which is a extremely useful for debugging or accessing your deployment. And we've also previously.

Max: and Cloud most deploy and the explorer was two different apps because while we were working on the desktop app. We were also working on our indexer. which we eventually transform we used indexer to build an Explorer and then when we merged the desktop app into the web app. We also marriage the Explorer and the deploy app into one single app. Which is what you see today on cloudmouse.

Max: and then after that We got acquired by overclock labs and the community. Which was a good? Event, I believe for the cash ecosystem for us. And everybody involved.

Max: Then after that the main net released. And we added all the GPU made functionalities. Including the depy the indexing of GPU metrics both on the usage and the provider side We've added a bunch of templates including the GPU templates. which are gaining a lot of attractions lately

Max: valid a bunch of Network stats mainly the USD spent I believe is the most noticeable one because akt is a volatility token so measuring in akt doesn't really Give the best presentation of the amount of money spent on a network. We've added a bunch of Provider pages.

Max: We also worked on that you can edit your own provider attributes based on a schema on kalmos. Which gave a good boost in terms of standardizing the provider attributes on the network? We're still working on that to make it more. usable and

Max: better for the network and we also added the usdc support when that got launched. and also we Were previously closed Source because we were a private entity and we own the software, but when we got acquired by overclock labs. We open source all the source code that you can look at today.

Max: Or can do whatever you want with it.

Max: we've also added the Oddity manager. And it's a pretty important piece of software. But right now it's not used that it's full advantage because the authorizations they need a little bit of work that will be worked on in the early 2024. And after that the ultimate management should be use that is full potential. And then we also had the rent GPU form just another extra form similar to the sdl Builder. that makes it easier to rent gpus and a lot of small improvements and here and there that I'm not gonna mentioned because of this can go for a long time. But yeah, this is mostly the recap for 2023. I'm not sharing my face. Yeah.

00:10:00

Max: Yeah, the sdl Builder.

Max: The fact that you can save your templates as a user as well and share them. We're gonna work on that in 2024 to make better and improve it because we believe It's a good use case. But yeah, that's a recap for 23 2023. Do you want me to start talking about 2024 right away or?

Tyler Wright: Yes, please.

Max: yeah. So yeah.

Max: for 2024 our main objectives are to increase the accessibility like cash and just a ux in general to make it more easy. For a new users to join the network. And mostly 3 native users because just cloud cloud in general is used by majorly with two users. So it's going to be a big Focus for us. So we're going to work improving on-ramp credit card payments everything to make it as simple as possible for non crypto users.

Max: And we're working on rebranding cloudmose to a cache console. So that's going to be released in early 2024. And we're also working On our API to make it more open and documented. Because a lot of applications are building on top of our API. And right now it's not documented. It's just an API that we use to use or we currently use for cloud modes, but it's not made for the public, but we're going to make it more available.

Max: on top of that we're gonna work and it should previously on. The user template Marketplace. So right now the template Marketplace is mostly based on a bunch of GitHub repos. So it works. I can give a good base. But there's some issues with this that we want to work on.

Max: Make it more. Dynamic and

Max: have a better communication with the template creators and the users because a lot of the templates on the awesome cash repo or are old and not maintained so new users come and use the templates from the ultimate cash repo and they don't work for some reason and so we're gonna work on that to make it a better experience in general. So just to improve everything that we currently work on and add some more. that's it.

Tyler Wright: That's thank you Max. I know that it's hard to fit all that kind of stuff in the short amount of time because I know the cloud most team is we're working on a lot. And again as you mentioned it's been packed the air for the Max's from transition of cloud most to all the various things that you all supported from gpus and other network features to just general improvements and future distance so much. Appreciate the Max's I know that a lot of the work that they do is made available in the projects board and the max is doing a great job of updating it I think, like everything like adding wild support against supporting teams and clients that are trying to build on top of a cloud most the max is doing great job of making themselves available.

Tyler Wright: I know that there's some folks from the Mystic Labs team that have previously reached out to the Max's there's a couple other projects that are adding some functionality and add some PRS whether it be again the leap team the source Network team. I believe has also added some PR to the cloud most repo. So if anybody else is trying to build any functionality or any workflows for their specific product and Once a leverage open source tooling provided by the Max's and Cloud most feel free to leverage it as Max said you can Fork it or feel free to reach out to the Max's and Discord or when these meetings if you have any specific questions or need help with anything.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Before we move on to an update from prashant's and the sphere on team. Does anyone have any specific questions? They want to ask the Max's now? But I think cloud most related.

Tyler Wright: it also have We'll save some time for the end or obviously between meetings. But again Max's for that. Update Max B. Thank you very much for leading us through all that moving on. I know that the sphere on team just ended. I think they had a big event happening. And so I really appreciate Prashant. It's been a busy couple of weeks for him, but he's still making himself available on a Monday night. So I want to make sure the sphere on team has some time to give us an update all the stuff. They've been working on 2023 and then some of their plans for 2024, so Prashant take it away.

Prashant Maurya: Short hard Tyler. Thank you so much and a great update Max really love the work which you guys have been doing at cloudmoss. So on this Fair on site I was just writing down before even when Max was speaking what we have kind of achieved during Community 3. I think the entire focus on 223 for us was mostly around twist stabilize the entire deployment process ysiron over Akash, and we successfully did it. So today we can proudly say is if you go to cyran login to the system and try to play anything over Akash, it just goes through as seamless as possible without any kind of hiccups. So it is now crazy stable. So now anyone can go and use it without any issues on the stability angle.

Prashant Maurya: With that said what we have built around those stabilities, it is around the UI automation Suite which we have kind of built around it. So for example, you want to trigger a job via API, you should be able to do it. There are tons of other use cases which are been developed around the UI itself. So you can go and check out again. So there are a lot of automation tools which you have built. We also launch sviron Marketplace and I believe the max were saying rightly is awesome Akash temporary to us quite outdated and we had to have our own Marketplace which is updated and controlled and By us day-to-day activities for whoever we work with so we so we launch our own sis firon has currently supports a lot of now which are very updated once you can go ahead and check it out that as well.

Prashant Maurya: And then there was a high request from users obvious. Pharaon is we do not had the shell I select says we tried our best to enable it but we could not do it via our CLI directly, but we enable it why itself. So in the UI, you just enable open a shell and then you make a query and the things just works out. and then atmosphere and we have our first Focus From the day one is to enable

Prashant Maurya: Akash in multiple ecosystem and we have been kept on doing it in by making sure it's like we are getting into different chains altogether. So now we are almost all the chains out there. The only thing which we will be doing next year will be promoting that very heavily so that More and more people can know about how they can access the cosmos ecosystem by different chain as well with the sphere so there are a lot of updates which happen on the billing side on the token user side and all of those things. So that is already done. And then if you might have already noticed in the cloud mods, if you go to the providers, so the second highest workload, which it is handled by spherence provider now.

Prashant Maurya: So that basically means we are officially the players also on the Akash, but we only take our load from our system. We don't accept the workload globally because of certain restrictions, which we have put into the place to maintain this stability and the other thing which we have been working on. So that is also So combine we have I think if you combine both the providers in different regions, we will exceed the number of reasons which we also have added the obserability layer for these Finance providers. So now people can go and really check the compute usa the usage of the system internally that is already been built in we also have launched the status page for the entire thing so that people can go and check out if there is any kind of downtime or something which is happening, which is also life.

00:20:00

Prashant Maurya: and then there was a high demand for us being a Veterinary company. We were at asking people to have GitHub authentication layer. They're only reason why we did not want our system to be spammed. But when we kind of started looking into we also added with the authorization layer as well. So now people can go and with the authorization to log into the system and use the compute as it is from any chain, whatever we support. And then finally, I think one month's back. We also enabled the support for GPU, but we did not accelerated it a lot because there are a lot of things which we are currently working To build expertise into so this is what we have done so far in turning into three and a lot of major Improvement minor implements here and there.

Prashant Maurya: Which kind of went in 2024 if you kind of looked into recently during our event we also launched something called custom we call it as a decentralized Enterprise great Edge containers. we are calling it utilizing the akashicare and also today about it from our official channel. so officially Enterprises can use cyrans provider which is more audited and all the third party audit very good data centers already on board onboarding so our focus is going to be in the next year and that is what I was discussing. Tyler is to like it on a call as soon as possible before we make any decision and those areas because we want to align ourself with the whole Akash community on the line. But again, it totally depends how we can align those incentives.

Prashant Maurya: with that said we have CLI widgets and sdks which are coming in and what basically it means our aim has always been his very simple is Mick compute so easy to use so that we can directly compete with any web to companies out there. And now we are at on the ux level we have sorted it out. The only level which you have pending is down the local level when I say local localized is basically means your system and the other things and that is going to be our next thing which will be working on so soon you are going to hear we able watching clients and sdks and tons of other things different languages and different programming languages and different things which will be coming out. As I said we did not push GPU because we have been working on few things. So most in the next year. Our plan is also going for more for driving the GPU adoption as much as possible.

Prashant Maurya: The most interesting part of which we are going to be working on is the multi-service support. What does that basically means with this firon you should be able to spin up so just write Tera form and Let's say you are building a SAS company and you need a database. You need a microservice. You need all of those tensor different services to be spin up in undle a command. So you should go and execute one bundle command and your entire suit of services will be up and running inside the same cluster.

Prashant Maurya: So that is what we have been working on and it is called multi-service support which we are calling it out. They are naming convention which we will work out. But that is what our 2020 and then major push interning before is going to be more on marketing more on making sure we are pushing now we are ready to get in the market and on board as many chains and as many people who are working around and initiate a heavy discussions around how we can enable more and more people and when I can still see Naman is also here from a node Ops and they are also utilizing spherence API based model to deploy. There are things on So a huge huge congrats to the team to note off as well and it's all so it was one of the best things which happened in 2023 because

Prashant Maurya: that also shows is what we have been building there is a use case of it and the use cases what node apps. I'm just shown it and there are a lot of other teams working on you guys are going to hear it as well. So that is where we are going to be settling into 24. but I mean in 10 in 204 is to work on the more incentive and those layers to make sure it's like we have more and more people kind of joining in the economics model and that is where we have a discussion pending and we'll do that discussion. and that is it from my side and if anyone has any questions, please feel free to go and ask.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank I know that spear on team is been working a lot over the last year. So again much appreciate that update. I do that is a good natural segue because I know you just mentioned the work in demand and his team at nodeops. So we'll say some questions for this year on team if we happen towards the end. I want to give a Naman of the ability to give an update all the work that nodops has been doing over the year. So Naman take it away.

00:25:00

Naman K: Thank you so much and good to see prashant's as well here. I mean for us the journey had been more about the initial level of 0 to 1, right we started in, February March of this year 2023 was purely focused towards number one having a thorough. So we've been done in terms of what developers are facing challenges when it comes to leveraging any kind of decentralized services and applications. Right? So first couple of months were more focused towards identifying those pain points picking a couple of them and resolving it as early as possible Right There was the focus for us at an initial level and starting from the first iteration of how we build the new laws interested today. I think we were able to scale it up to an extent that today if anyone asks us that hey or any chain,

Naman K: Us in terms of if we want to spin up this in flow for our chin as well the turnaround time for the team is less than an R, right so our objective was to First automate the entire process as much as we can and one of the main challenges for us was the deployment side right wherein of course we would have gone through with leveraging other Cloud providers, but to actually make it more decentralized because in

Naman K: What we are going to bring in next in 2024 is an exciting one and to ensure that we align with that Vision. It was more focused towards first leveraging, Akash at its best. Right and we were able to successfully deploy all the developer instances, which we typically call playground across all the chains that node of supports. All right on Akash, right and this includes more than 12 chains right now, we tested it out very successfully in three different hackathons as well. One of them was recently in the blockchain. We can Bangalore India called entity in a carouse wherein we had around 220 or devs working there. They were able to spin up around I think 2200 instances over this panel of 48 Hours literally bombarding over the 48 hours session. That's why Tyler. I think I shared with

Naman K: As well that disclaimer, this is not an attack. This was actually consumption by the devs there and it was good to see that this was more focused towards new developers very seamlessly getting started, with the new protocol but again using a decentralized infrastructure for it, right? So that was the focus for us. Next was having a one-click deployment for everything that we do right we started first with

Naman K: Templates, I know Max your Prashant is here. Our templates are moved towards developers right not just limited to infrar provider not just limited to node operators, but also towards developers who want to spin up their own testnets who want to spin up do any cli-based interactions or a simple transaction altogether. These templates are more contributed by developers and built for devs as So that was the focus that they don't need to go from any other instances or anywhere else. They can just use the platform click on try it and it would automatically run and deploy the templates right? So that one click deployment first for simple quotes Snippets was a huge milestone. We have successfully integrated that entire one click running the code Snippets within the documentation as well for certain protocols. And that is what we are preparing for. This would be announced very soon in 20.

Naman K: For first month itself January where you would see lot of protocol documentations now being more interactive where not only you can copy paste those quotes Nicolas or leverage it you can actually now run those code Snippets as well and everything is been deployed and maintained, at Akash and thanks to spare on team initially. We faced huge amount of challenge to be honest in terms of hey, how We take it to a scale where we can just have an API based approach to deploy. I think prashant's and team was super helpful in terms of being on calls with us to understand how the overall architecture works and that's how we were able to leverage their own to deploy today everything on Coming to what's next for us in 2024. First one is as I mentioned. January is going to be full of

00:30:00

Naman K: showing the journey so far with all the chains, right? We have collated across 12 different chains Spa, created a pipeline for 30 days to Market it properly, starting with the base infra then moving to the application and then moving to the actual incentivization layer as well. Right? So that is going to be the focus where we would also introduce contracts and everything has been deployed. But very soon we would be introducing an onion chin incentivization module that would enable and drive more traditional developers from the web to front to have a sustainable Revenue stream, why are this contributions? And this contributions can be towards bounties ideas hackathons issues resolving if I am looking for something I can just come on the platform raise the request and developer who is cont They might be rewarded for it right in every calculation. The economics has been set on chain for this next one would be

Naman K: Make the accelerating modular but to make it at a much higher scale, right? We would be looking for more vertical integration. So for example as Prashant was mentioning about the marketplace. we already had a chart about this where we could bring in our templates and our contributions right with inspiron's Marketplace, which is again more deaths focused which is again, no operator focused and gives a better visibility. And again this kind of brings in a very seamless execution for no operators as well as developers that are interacting with nodeops today to kind of go and explore all other platforms where we are integrated, right? So first thing would be to tap into marketplaces. Second thing would be to actually tap into all the developer focused in initiatives as well. We had hackathons. We workshops when it will be giving them a four full line of code just as an iframe all

Naman K: To is just plug that code snippet into their website. And now rather than sending the documentations to the developers. They can just send them this playground link and they're good to go to start building out their application. That was the vision why we started with nodeops and very glad to share that by q1204 will be at a stage where you would see noodles vertical integration across the places. So that's going to be the focus for us over the next. as well back to you Tyler

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much.

Naman K: Okay here as well from the team pratik if I missed anything or if you have anything to add.

Pratik Balar: yeah, I

Tyler Wright: No, I go ahead.

Pratik Balar: No, sorry, I guess nothing left. I guess you covered pretty much everything, them so far. props to

Tyler Wright: Sorry to catch up. Yeah, I was just gonna say perhaps to you all as well because I know the namanas are joined a couple of meeting concluding six support sick chain has given demos of the note Ops products has been very keen to again have conversations much appreciate everything being deployed in the class. I know that we'll continue to work closely. With the note Ops team in the coming year.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know go ahead.

Naman K: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Sorry.

Naman K: No, definitely looking forward to it Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. I asked that

Tyler Wright: everybody if they can throw in the chat so I can just put it in just some links that folks want people that are looking at this call later or on this call now to have I know the deploy Cloud most things we could drop those that I dropped in the link for again the project board so you can track some items at the cloud most team is doing There was another team that signed up in Derek had to drop it a link for Blacklist in there. I know that he's gonna be putting and I'll make sure to follow up with him to put an update on the progress that his team is doing. inside the sick clients Discord Channel I think part of me

Tyler Wright: And then again, we'll make sure that at the next meeting we can follow up with him or if anybody has any questions on what's going on at Blacklist. We can set up a separate conversation. If we need to does anyone have any other questions, I know that the pray to our team is also here. but part of me they've done a great job of giving an update on 2023 and what they're working on 2024 and sick providers calls as well as

00:35:00

Tyler Wright: the work that they've been doing around content moderation. They update the project of the content moderation Highland project inside that project board. So again much appreciate the ball and jigar for all the work that they do. I know that sometimes previously they participated in some of these calls, but does anyone have any questions about any of the conversations talks are given today? I think I know just dropped one. About the auditing of the sphere on specific providers.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, we can't seem to I nearly was asking against him to find them. Okay?

Tyler Wright: They're talking inside the chat. Does anyone else have any questions about any of the clients presentation that went on today?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and you?

Anil Murty: Yeah, just a quick question for the nodeops team. So awesome. This is the first time I'm hearing about your project. It sounds really cool. Is there anything specific that you're doing in the ethereum ecosystem or are they specific ecosystems that you're focusing on more than the others and I'm asking this sort of two ways one is

Anil Murty: I'm just trying to figure out how we can leverage some of the work that you're doing in the context of our marketing efforts next year and then second specifically we are going to be replying to have a presence at least from the overclock team as well as the Akash community at eat then we're in February. So if you guys applying to be there or if there's anything that you can Showcase in terms of leveraging Akash compute for either dereki deploying and running ethereum validators and nodes or any specific projects between ecosystem utilizing your network will be awesome video, please

Naman K: Yeah, so to answer your first question in terms of Beyond Cosmos that we have already tapped into a launch right now. I am in talks with cdk guys as well from polygon front. I think they are not yet ready to be honest in terms of having the entire automated process part. I will launch with all the sea chains and subnets, Landslide network is working very closely with us. We are the ones who are preparing the entire infrastructure for them and similarly there are two more in the pipeline. So we have 18 chains in the pipeline for next two quarters. I think seven to eight of them are non Cosmos, right which includes Avalanche Aptos polygon cdk being one of them as well and a couple of new testnets. So one interesting thing, which I observed over the last two quarters was of course because we are more application in order.

Naman K: Infra testnets are really looking forward to leveraging this and for faster execution, right? So we have got couple of more testnets from again subnet side of ecosystem as well. I am in talks with Couple of I would say ZK Focus chains as Right? So, just hard and Lois signed with air chain guys, right so they are basically leveraging Cosmos for a settlement layer, but creating a zika layer on top of it for further execution, So they would be leveraging the entire node of infrastructure starting from one click deployment to setting up the foundation notes to having the templates been prepared for the depths. So today only we signed the otherwise so glad to share with that as well with you. So yeah.

Naman K: for noodles the plan for us has always been to take it Beyond Cosmos, Because there is a very limited set of developers that are getting started with Cosmos. So, we would be tapping more into I think aptosis also getting lot of developer interest right now specifically in India as well. So that's why Prashant then we were chatting last week as well in terms of how we can best leverage spread on as well to tap into Aptos ecosystem. So yeah plan is to go to as many changes the architecture is very modular right be it any new chain coming in. We've spent considerably enough time to test it out make it much more a chain agnostic right and that's why I can't share it.

00:40:00

Naman K: Now but just partnered up with one of the largest Dev initiatives of Asia, right? they've been able to onboard around like 30 30 K plus devs towards etherium and polygon ecosystem. So I'm just looking for them that if they're open to tap into multiple of the chains, we be the infrastructure partner for them, So that's the plan secondly in terms of wheat, then word. I am considering I'll definitely be looking forward to be there and participating in all the events. But would be happy to chat if you have anything specific in mind so we can plan together as well, honey.

Anil Murty: Sounds good. Thanks Naman. We'll reach out to you.

Naman K: Perfect. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Does anybody else again have any other questions for any of the specific teams? Here that have not been asked.

Tyler Wright: Again, I do want to call out and appreciate all the hard work of teams here. I know there's a couple of folks here that have mentioned that they'll put some updates inside a Discord, but it's really exciting that a number of folks understand the power of a cost building on top of Aka So again wanted to continue to have these discussions in 2024. I believe this time around 8:30 seems like the time that might work best for most people because again, we have teams from anywhere from

Tyler Wright: India Africa the Pacific Northwest of the North America. So I think I'm going to try to keep it 8:30 AM time for our Pacific and then again find a day of the week that works for folks and just make sure that we may have a number of stakeholders so that when we do have these sick clients calls, there's a lot of collaboration communication kind of like how there's been here today. So Must appreciate everybody. Again, we have representatives from a number of teams here who are often just heads down working a number of things as you heard today. Does anyone have any questions for the cloud most team the nodox team the sphere on the pre-tour team

Tyler Wright: cool

Tyler Wright: if not, I'm much appreciate all the efforts of the team leads for giving the presentation today for those joining from those teams again much appreciate all your work and efforts really looking forward to what 2024 is going to bring for all of us. please stay connected through the holidays and into the new year on some of the things that you're doing. If you need anybody else from the Kosh Community, feel free to reach out in Discord. If you need help reaching out to anybody specifically, please use me as a resource again much appreciate your all and I'm always looking to support you all behind the scenes to make sure that you have what you need from a technical standpoint or anything or otherwise, I know and Neil's doing the same thing. So again, happy holidays Happy New Year and we'll continue the work and continue to discussions in the new year but much appreciate everybody's time this year. I know it's been a hectic year but we've made this far so I hope everybody get some time to relax spend time.

Tyler Wright: Family and friends and then, get going again in the new year.

Tyler Wright: Have a great rest of the day everybody and a great holiday season. Thank you all again. Goodbye.

Max: Byron

Pratik Balar: Thank you. Bye. Good one.

Meeting ended after 00:47:40 üëã

