# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #11.
- Artur Troian update and discussions on Akash API.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 17th, 2024
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://75iuscsrjioekyahvk6vad3taa5ikpweibvxs2rf4amjvzvj6gfa.arweave.net/_1FJClFKHEVgB6q9UA9zADqFPsRAa3lqJeAYmuap8Yo)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- Anil Murty
- Artur Troian
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Deval Patel
- Greg Osuri
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- Julia Holden
- Max
- Prashant Maurya
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Carruthers
- Taiwo Omoyeni
- Tyler Wright

## Meetings notes
#### Tyler Wright:
- Emphasized the goal of alignment among teams building on Akash, discussing tools and solutions for common problems.
- Acknowledged the decision to move the meeting to an earlier time to allow broader participation.
- Mentioned discussions with the Spheron team and the decision to adjust the meeting time. 
- The objective is to facilitate participation from different time zones.
- Highlighted updates from the last meeting, including progress reports from teams such as Spheron, Cloudmos, and others.
- Discussed Cloudmos' open-source efforts, particularly the Cloudmos API, and its adoption by teams like Praetor.
- Shared the project board link for Cloudmos' open-source efforts in the chat for reference.
- Teased upcoming discussions, including Artur Troian's insights on Akash API and Joseph's involvement in supporting Akash JS.
- Spheron is planning to share statistics over the last 17 days of January, highlighting their recent work and active leases.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of understanding how people are utilizing Spheron built on top of Akash.
- Commitment to making these statistics available to the community.
- Mentioned a conversation about NodeOps seeking support from Cloudmos.
- The support is specifically related to deployment, not indexing.
- Expressing the hope that NodeOps could join future calls to discuss their needs and receive assistance.

### Max's Updates on Cloudmos:
- Max shared progress updates from the Cosmos team, focusing on rebranding Cloudmos into the Akash console.
- Announced the completion of rebranding the analytics side, with the launch of the new analytics app imminent.
- Work is underway to make the API more accessible and well-documented to facilitate usage by other teams, with a release planned soon.
- Addressing bugs and issues related to the customers kit, with support added for additional wallets like Leap, Cosmostation, and Kepler mobile.
- Max highlighted ongoing efforts to enhance the user experience for both new and existing users on Akash, with a focus on mainstream adoption.
- Tyler commended Max and the Cloudmos team for their proactive updates, which are regularly shared on the [public-facing and open-source project board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/5).
### Discussion on Cloudmos API:
- Tyler inquired about Praetor team's experience with Cloudmos API, seeking confirmation that they obtained everything they needed.
- Jigar Patel from the Praetor team confirmed that they received all the required support from Cloudmos, enabling them to successfully launch the lease transport quickly.
- Expressed gratitude to Max and the Cloudmos team for their assistance.
- Rodrigo Rochin sought clarification from Max regarding the upcoming API key feature, inquiring about potential limits and whether it would be free for users.
- Max and Greg Osuri clarified that while there might be some rate limiting, the use of the API will be free for all users.
- Additionally, the possibility of running one's own API server using the open-source suite was mentioned.
- Max acknowledged the need for improved documentation, especially for users interested in running the services themselves.
- He expressed a willingness to contribute more effort to documentation based on community needs.
### Update from Joao Luna on Client Libraries and Quasarch Platform:
- Luna shared that the client libraries are close to launching and will be open-sourced soon.
- Mentioned that certain logic within the libraries was initially coupled to their platform but is now being made open-source ready.
- The client libraries will be a part of their platform, which is closed source, but Luna expressed the intention to open-source the client libraries for community use.
- Luna highlighted that the client libraries have undergone intense testing and form a core component of their platform.
The libraries, responsible for various functionalities, have shown stability, with a focus on logging-related testing remaining.
#### Quasarch Platform Overview:
- Luna provided a brief overview of the Quasarch platform, targeting web2 developers familiar with services like Google Cloud Platform and AWS.
- Described the platform as a decentralized cloud platform, with the first protocol integration into Akash.
- Luna mentioned the potential for expanding services beyond compute to include storage, identity, and more.
#### Self-Custodial Experience and Crypto Abstraction:
- Responding to Greg Osuri's question, Luna clarified that the user experience is self-custodial, and the platform handles all crypto-related complexities in the backend.
- Emphasized the goal of abstracting crypto complexities for users, providing the benefits of decentralization without burdening users with crypto intricacies.
- Greg Osuri expressed fascination with the platform and suggested the possibility of a more private session to delve deeper into its details.
- Luna acknowledged that while the discussion around funding and open-sourcing had been ongoing, it wasn't a top priority.
- However, they now plan to open-source the client libraries to give back to the community.
- Greg advised Luna on the importance of open-sourcing the libraries to receive valuable feedback before seeking funding.
- Greg emphasized the challenge of assessing the library's quality without the ability to use it and suggested building credibility through open sourcing.
- Luna inquired about a repo called "node API" in the Akash Network organization and asked if it might be a tentative client library.
- Greg was not familiar with the repo but suggested following up offline or potentially involving Artur for more insights.

### Discussion on AKT Requirement for Deployments
- Tyler welcomed Prashant from the Spheron team and highlighted the issue they encountered regarding the AKT required for each deployment.
- Prashant provided a high-level overview of the issue faced by Spheron as they scaled their activities on the network.
- Noted that with around 550 active providers, they faced challenges related to liquidity and locking up funds for creating leases.
- Shared that Spheron is working on launching providers with zero AKT as a solution to mitigate the problem.
- Plans to announce and test this approach, considering its potential effectiveness for addressing the liquidity and scalability issues.
#### Greg Osuri's Response and Offer of Support
- Greg acknowledged the challenges faced by Spheron and suggested a stopgap solution, offering to provide some AKT as a loan from the core team.
- Raised the idea of reconsidering the five AKT parameter, suggesting a potential reduction during a network upgrade.
- Prashant acknowledged the offer of support from the core team and reiterated the challenge faced by projects in terms of liquidity.
- Discussed the impact on projects as they drive adoption, emphasizing the need for a solution to avoid potential problems for projects.

#### Artur Troian's Clarification:
- Artur differentiated between two types of deposits: deployment deposit and big deposit, confirming the focus on the deployment deposit.
- Explained that the value of the deployment deposit is under review internally to determine the optimal parameter.
- Greg proposed initiating a governance proposal to change the deployment deposit parameter to one AKT, considering the current value of AKT.
- Prashant questioned the necessity of the deposit, prompting Artur to suggest moving the discussion to GitHub for further elaboration.
- Tyler directed Prashant to create a GitHub discussion specifying the deployment deposit issue for community involvement.
- Encouraged prompt action from Prashant to initiate the discussion on GitHub
- Prashant committed to initiating the GitHub discussion promptly and informed the community within the week.

### Additional Discussion on Deployment Deposit:
- Greg Osuri recalled that the deposit was initially required because the escrow needed some AKT to get started, preventing misuse.
- Artur clarified two reasons for the deposit:
  - Preventing providers from creating deployments without a deposit, exhausting resources quickly.
  - Ensuring providers remain active; without a deposit, providers might become inactive.
- Max suggested using USDT for the deposit, and Artur acknowledged the potential, but mentioned concerns about the availability of providers accepting USDT
- Prashant explained that Spheron had its own providers to address bidding cost concerns and liquidity challenges associated with using USDT.
- Prashant proposed reducing the deposit to zero, arguing that maintaining liquidity and capital for USDT could be burdensome for clients.
- Artur clarified that setting the deposit to zero would break the deployment and bid processes,
- Emphasizing the necessity of a deposit for the SQL account to work.
- Artur suggested lowering the deposit rather than setting it to zero, acknowledging the need for a deposit but discussing the value.
### Artur's Presentation on Akash API 
- Artur is working on the Akash API and shared insights on solving issues related to changing API versions.
- The challenge discussed was the lack of visibility on the client side regarding the supported Akash API version on the RPC node.
- Artur proposed extending the RPC endpoint to serve version information. This feature will be available in the upcoming partial version.
- There will be proper examples and guidelines for implementing this feature in different languages.
- The clients' discovery checks the supported Akash API version and generates clients accordingly.
- Documentation for providers, including information on types and API requests, is being generated for better human readability.
- Feature Discovery will be available for both provider and node sides.
- Tyler encouraged Artur to initiate GitHub discussions and share information with the community.

### Additional Points from Artur on Akash API
- The primary goal of the Akash API is to simplify documentation and enhance external user access to products.
- Aim to separate it completely from the Converse, considering them as distinct entities with different purposes.
- Using protobuf for types description from providers like jpcloud to streamline generation.
- Instead of generating protobuf every time, supply already generated protobuf things, ensuring compatibility.
- Focus on making it easy for developers to start interacting with the blockchain.
- The Akash API is still in progress, with upcoming additions to the [repository]( https://github.com/akash-network/akash-api).
- Plans to release it as a mainstream version in the next few months for broader implementation and understanding.
### Discussion on Moderation API and CRDs
- Deval Patel raises a question about whether the Moderation API, which is being developed to expose the CRD (Custom Resource Definition) for white listing and block listing, should be exposed through the Akash API or the Provider Service API.
- Artur suggests keeping it in the provider repository for now.
- Artur clarifies that the CRD itself is not an API but rather a behavioral description of how certain things operate within Kubernetes.
- It is decided to keep the CRD inside the provider repository for the time being.
- Artur informs Deval that the PR review for this matter will be held until some releases related to feature discovery and deploy operator are completed, as these changes affect the deployment process.
- Deval explains that the reason for exposing the API through Provider Services is to provide a UI where users can view the list of filters and update them.
### Closing remarks
- Tyler highlights Luna's upcoming discussion on the Provider schema for next week's meeting.
- Tyler encourages participants to engage in GitHub discussions related to Provider schema and upgrades.
- Prashant's question on provider upgrades to be addressed as a topic in the next meeting.
- Alani Kuye expresses interest in Luna's discussion on the provider schema for its relevance to provider reviews.

### Action Items
- Tyler will ensure that information regarding the upcoming API improvements and documentation release is communicated to the broader community.
- Tyler will ensure the sharing of Spheron's network statistics in the SIG Clients channel for community awareness.
- Tyler will follow up offline, potentially involving Artur, to provide insights into the "node API" repo.
- The core team will work with Spheron to provide some AKT as a loan to address the immediate liquidity challenge.
- The possibility of reconsidering the five AKT parameter will be explored, with potential discussions on adjustments during a network upgrade.
- Prashant will create a GitHub discussion to address the deployment deposit value issue
- Continue development on Akash API; release mainstream version in the next few months.
- Joao Luna to provide Alani Kuye with details on the provider schema offline

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the first state clients monthly meeting of 2024.

Tyler Wright: During these clients special interest groups. The group comes together to discuss anything related to deployment tools or anything else clients related on a cost. again out of the last meeting of number of teams gave updates on their progress for 2023 including the sphere on team the cloud a couple of other teams are working on various clients. Also participated again, really the goal is for everybody that's building on top of Akash to be aligned on various schools that they can all leverage ways of solving problems and Beyond one thing that will change moving forward is I will move this meeting up a few hours. I know that there's a couple of teams that are base in Gulf Coast time and so it's just far too late for them to join.

Tyler Wright: got off the phone with The sphere on team who again, we're trying to stay up to join today's call. and not so again, we're going to move this call up a few hours. So it's earlier in the day for folks that want to participate on that side of the world. Again out of the last meeting there was a cloud most gave a great update and I know there's been significant work that they continue to do much of the efforts of the cloud most team is doing that open source efforts are available on the project board, which I'll attach in the chat right here. I know that they have been working on various items related to the cloud most API, which is now open source and is being used by teams like pretor and others. And so again we might talk about that a little bit today. I do also have some time on the agenda for

Tyler Wright: Artur who was on the call to talk a little bit more about Akash API, which is a resource that again is available to clients and everybody in the community to be to use and Joseph who is usually on this call has been Hands-On and active in supporting a cost JS which is another tool available to clients and I know something used by Cloud most and others and again just want to make sure that folks that are looking to leverage these tools have access to the those that are core contributors and Developers.

Tyler Wright: if anybody else has anything that they want to add as an agenda item for today again in future meetings, we'll have more participation from other teams, like spheron and others look out for fearon is talked about putting up some Statistics over the last 17 days of January of some of the work that they've been doing and some of the active leases as again Spherion continues to grow. So again, I'll make sure that those numbers that they want to share with the community are available on how people are using spheron built on top of Akash.

Tyler Wright: And then again, I know there was some conversation from node Ops that needed some support from cloud cloud most so they thought I believe that the support they need is really related to deployment not necessarily related to indexing. So again, I was hoping that they'd be able to join this call, but I know it's late for them. Cool. I just want to get everybody caught up with that being said I know that the Max's and the cosmos team are working on a number of items related to indexer as well as personal kid max speed. Do you want to give an update on some of the things that are working on and share some wins and update with the community?

Max: Yeah, Hey, everyone. So in the past few weeks or in 2024. We are currently working still on rebranding for those into the cash console. So we're done with

Max: rebanning the analytics side of it. It should be announced. soon there are the launch of the new analytics app. So there will be any more analytics in combos. We're also working on making our API more accessible in documented. It's also something that we will soon release. So it'll be easier for other teams that need more specific data. For your application like Prater or other? people that I know from the community that the user API currently but it's not documenting or anything so Yeah in the future. I'll have a Swagger documentation and it'll be much more structured with versioning and

00:05:00

Max: Eventually API key access or not depending on the needs. So that for the API and we're fixing. bugs and issues even there for the customer skit because we transition to customer skit later late in 2023

Max: That's been great. There's a few issues that we're working on. But overall it added the support for a bunch of other. Wallets that we didn't support earlier leap customer station. Kepler mobile so you can actually create deployments using your mobile device today with or monitor for current deployments with your phone, but very you use it for and so yeah. what we continue working on the

Max: the API and rebranding these to a cash console and then after that, we have a bunch of projects just in general intense the user experience for your users or even existing users on a cash to make it more mainstream.

Max: It's basically it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max. again on a weekly basis the cloud most team updates all the work that they're doing on various projects that are public basing and open source in that project's board. So if anybody has any questions for them, they could feel free to reach out on those specific projects there. The Max's also do a great job of staying active and Discord on the ecosystem Cloud most channel. So if anybody has any specific questions on the Max's or various insiders are there to help and then again anybody has any specific issues the cloud most repo inside the Akash organization is where you throw those issues and the Maxi do a great job of managing those issues and solving those issues in a timely fashion.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone have any questions on anything Cloud most related?

Tyler Wright: Pray to our team. I know that you all had previously been leveraging Cloud most for some API stuff. Did you get everything you needed for the time being and they're all set. And then from there also go to Raji has a

Jigar Patel: Yes, we already get everything what we wanted and because of that we launched the lease transport. That was very quick. Thank you so much Max and the team

Tyler Wright: excellent Awesome Rodger. I see your hands up. Go ahead.

Rodrigo Rochin: pay off so this is for Max and what you said about the API keys that will be coming soon any ideas if there's gonna be limits or something or free for some of us or something that

Max: yeah, pretty sure it's going putting the chat that's gonna be free for all I think I'm not The entirely sure it's just the ideas they need to avoid abusing the API from random developers. So yeah, it's just a matter of controlling the access but The generality is to make it accessible to everyone for free, I think. to be determined

Rodrigo Rochin: Hey cool.

Greg Osuri: Jim, there will be some degree of rate limiting, but there's no charge for using API and I don't know what we feel about even in the past Suite is open source, right so you can run your own API if you want.

Rodrigo Rochin: Actually tried but it didn't continue because I figured it out quote for my needs. But yeah. cool

00:10:00

Greg Osuri: Why weren't able to run the API server?

Rodrigo Rochin: I tried to download the database or I wasn't sure how I was going. But I wasn't able to for some reason and then said it worked…

Greg Osuri: .

Rodrigo Rochin: what I was working on. So I just didn't try to

Greg Osuri: If you tell the specific error or specific reason you're unable to run API server, we should address that but I was able to run a fairly easily.

Rodrigo Rochin: I'll give it another train if it's a mirror, which I guess is not maybe I don't know I didn't have enough resources or I don't know why but if I find something I'll share it in this quarter.

Max: Yeah there we know…

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Max: if you need help and because there's the API and the indexer they're both Application that you can run but for Our documentation to run the services yourself and definitely be improved. We haven't put that much effort into it. But yes, that's something that the community Wants to have we can put effort into it.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions for the cloud most team before we move on?

Tyler Wright: cool I see Luna has joined the call. I know that Luna in 2023 and even prior to that in late 2022 was working on some clients Library stuff as well as again can be found on the ecosystem for Terra phone provider in Discord manages that Luna. Is there anything specific that you want to update the team on? And I know that again you also have some quasarch efforts that you are leading as well. But is there anything I don't mean to put you on the spot but anything specific that you want to update the group on today?

Joao Luna: Yeah, we are actually close to launching and will be open sourcing the client libraries as well. We haven't done it yet. Just because there were some couple logic over there. That was coupled to our platform. We are kind of making it to open source ready. And that's a component that will be open sourced as part of the launch or should be open source as part of the launch of our platform which our clients will be closed Source. it's a whole platform that we are building but as for the clients libraries, they will be open source and for the community to build upon and perhaps even donated to the Akash Network organization later on.

Joao Luna: I'd say we are pretty satisfied with…

Tyler Wright: that the great you

Joao Luna: how It's being a very intensely tested as it's really the core of our platform is that clients Library specifically it's what allows us to do all the punch all the stuff. We just have some further testing to do in regards to the logging part of the clients library in terms of accessing logs and things like that, but overall, it's pretty stable and should be ready to be open sourced together With the platform Max are you asking for them of the platform or the clients livers? I think I did the clients libraries demo.

Joao Luna: On the platform not yet, but I can send you some screenshots if you are interested and some videos as for the clients libraries. I think I did a demo as a steering committee meeting in 2023. There was a demo perhaps if you are interested, you can also check the recording. But me on this cards…

Tyler Wright: 

Joao Luna: I can share more details on the platform as well. I think it's not the Focus right now. It's the client libraries, but if anyone is interested, just yummy.

Tyler Wright: excellent Anyone have any questions on clients libraries again? I know that will be made available publicly soon. Luna in terms of quasarch platform, is that something that you feel comfortable giving a high level maybe 30 seconds to two minutes overview of what you all have been building. I know that you've been

Joao Luna: Yeah, what puts simply is. It's kind of our main target our web to developers that I used to use in Google Cloud platform AWS and are familiar with those kinds of services and provide a way for them to use them. But in this centralized infrastructure our first protocol integration into the cache, of course, I think it makes sense. But we'll later on be interesting other services be storage identity.

00:15:00

Joao Luna: Whatever or even other services built on compute. So I think akashes a very broad potential and even I mean we could brainstorm a little imagine once we support VMS we could provide something like decentralized ec2, which perhaps is a little bit more reliable than just serverless containers as we currently use them. So yeah, there's lots of potential but it's basically just a decentralized cloud platform, but targeting the web to developers but two people

Greg Osuri: It is the experience self-custodial or is it posted?

Joao Luna: and all the crypto is self-custodial. So we handle everything we don't want the user to worry about crypto. they wouldn't even know or need to know that there's crypto involved in the backend. Obviously, we are transparent on that, but it's none of their concerns. we try to just provide the benefits of decentralization and self-serverity. but keep the crypto complexity kind of out of it or abstracted for them.

Greg Osuri: How does that work either wallet in front for Authentication?

Joao Luna: that there's a lot of stuff going on, but I can go into more detail that a specific.

Joao Luna: Meeting or session I'm free to share what we have built. It's just that maybe as of time and Technical complexity. We will be spending a lot of time you're talking because it's interesting stuff. I find it interesting and I love to talk about this stuff, but

Greg Osuri: Yeah, I'm fascinated. I mean anything that's going to reduce the complexity for a user to use.

Joao Luna: we are really trying to.

Greg Osuri: Sir, if you want to do a more private session happy to it's really good one, but I'm very serious.

Joao Luna: But yeah, just as also just went to that. I know the libraries have been ongoing for quite a while. We haven't really put much effort in open sourcing it yet. I know I opened the discussion for funding but as it wasn't like a priority and I understand it I mean

Joao Luna: Perhaps other people could have built it but yeah, we'll be open sourcing it because it makes sense. It's just that it took so long because it was not a priority for us because we are just going through building these and trying to get to Market as soon as possible and from Australia perspective. It makes sense because it's kind of strategic asset for us and we can use it to build and deliver something and then we really want to give back to the community. So that's why we will open source the clients and allow people to build a similar stuff or leverage what the clients however they want, but it kind of offered a slight Advantage. Let's say

Greg Osuri: Yeah, so when it comes to funding I highly suggest you open source a libraries and let us give you feedback from using libraries very hard to determine the quality of the Library without even being able to use…

Joao Luna: Yeah, I understand.

Greg Osuri: and the space.

Joao Luna: That's the feedback I got that idea as So no more is there and…

Greg Osuri: So I think it's most likely to get funding you got to give something right?

Joao Luna: I understand.

Greg Osuri: You got to show something you like build credibility and…

Joao Luna: Yeah, yeah, it makes sense.

Greg Osuri: then you can make a case saying that look we spent I don't know 200 hours billions API. We're going to be giving it for a community and we like some degree of conversation,…

Joao Luna: Yeah, I might have been in a little bit of let's say maybe on my high horse.

Greg Osuri: and

Joao Luna: Let's say as I was like, I built the telephone provider. I think I have some credibility. maybe I can ask before actually open sourcing. But yeah, I know but I understand the concerns and we still developed it. The mission is also to open source there's no change there.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Luna for the update. I think we'll follow up on a number of items offline but much appreciate the update. Anyone have any questions for Luna at this time about anything clients libraries related or the kuye Stars platform coming soon?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Luna.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I also saw there was a repo. I think it was called the node API. Is that a tentative client Library something that we perhaps can merge later on just some insights there or is not related.

00:20:00

Joao Luna: I think it was the repo on the cache Network organization called node API, I think.

Greg Osuri: I'm not familiar. I'm not in front of the computer to give you better, but I'm not sure.

Tyler Wright: That might be a question that Artur might be able to answer but we might be able to take that offline with artur's not near microphone right now. I'll follow up there.

Tyler Wright: cool All right moving along again. As I mentioned at the top of the call, the future calls will be at an earlier time. so that some teams like spheron node Ops and some of the other teams can join us. I know that they try to join us but it's just far too late for them. So again, we'll take that into consideration moving forward. One thing else. I mentioned at the top of the call is fearon is going to provide some numbers on what the sphere on network has been doing. Of course the start of the year in terms of deployments leases Etc with a Kosh Network as their base layer.

Tyler Wright: So again, I'll make sure that that gets shared and sick clients. So because they want to make that data available to everybody. So everyone can kind of see what's going on in terms of engagement on sphere on currently.

Tyler Wright: Right, are there any other teams here that want to talk about their specific clients that haven't had the opportunity to yet?

Tyler Wright: cool

Tyler Wright: All right, moving along as a part of the open framework and the open structure around a cost. One of the things that were the core team was trying to do a better job of in 2024 is make sure that members of the core team are available. I know that there's six support meeting that happens by weekly where folks can dive into the support repo issues that are waiting triage folks can ask any questions about any specific issues that they need some more guidance on or if they want to help participate in solving issues they can do so, I know Scott Artur and others join that call regularly, but Archer was kind enough to make himself available today to talk a little bit about the Akash API, which is something that again the goal is for more clients to leverage this tool Archer before you jump in there. I do see

Tyler Wright: that Prashant has joined again. He's a leader over at the sphere on team. I gave a high level update on, some of the stuff Prashant you're going to do in terms of providing some data, but I know that you were talking about a specific issue related to why they KT needed for each deployment. Is that something that you want to talk about at a high level right now, or is that something that you want to kick off in a GitHub discussion?

Prashant Maurya: I can speak about it on the high level as of now. So if you guys thank you Tyler again for bringing me on I kind of rushed where my house to kind of make sure that I got in this call. So if you guys might notice there are a lot of activities which is happening on the network. And in the past 15 years, we have around today we have seen around 400 closer and 400 actively just found on this front providers. and this is where we kind of found that issue when we started scaling that 550 issue while creating a lease. Is pain like we literally have to go and buy a lot of these who can to ensure is we are able to create those activities. Now whenever we do that our liquidity is locked in.

Prashant Maurya: And that creates another problem for the projects. We don't have a lot of liquidity in house and we don't Millions of dollars in the pocket to kind of to keep on doing this and we realize now while we were knowing that this issue will come but we were not doing is as we scale that scalability will get hit because of this issue. So before even this call, I think I had to call I had the quality Tyler and I was mentioning the same. and this is causing us a lot of problem. We are trying to solve it we are. Going to be launching some of the providers which are going to be having a zero a kitty bit. We are making some changes around that. And we'll also announce that we'll see if it works out for us. Then we'll also roll it out for everyone to kind of like who's already looking forward to leverage from that. I think they can go ahead and do that.

00:25:00

Prashant Maurya: but yeah, that is what the update is. As of now. I think a lot of people who will start scaling on they are definitely going to face this issue.

Greg Osuri: It's a good point, I think. As a stopgap we can happy to give Some akt as a loan or something that we can figure out as a immediate solution so that you can continue scaling. From the core team, but I think it's time to reconsider the five. Akt, I believe it's a parameter that can be changed easily during Network upgrade. If not, it will require Network a great bit. I think reducing that to.

Greg Osuri: When it was designed that I mean this was introduced in. 2020 And we didn't have any insight into how big it could get but why we could eat ourselves a lot of money now, right? So

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, that is weird. That is where the problem is providers Mighty making lot of money, but the projects were driving that option will leave the money and that creates a problem. And as you mentioned we are as ready to learn the thing we need to see how exactly but we are already working on few things but in the shorter period of time because we are going to see A good amount of new deployments going to become kicking in. So we all have to be waiting for it. You can use this. Yes, Yeah, but…

Artur Troian: I'm just real quick.

Prashant Maurya: how much is that is going to be that uses?

Artur Troian: I was talking there are two types of deposits. There is a deployment deposit and there is a big deposit. Which one are we chatting about beat or deployment?

Prashant Maurya: deployment

Artur Troian: Deployment Yeah, so we've been playing with the value a few clients need it was actually so we change the steel sort of trying to understand there has to be some value from

Artur Troian: as a deposit for a number of reasons, But we still trying to figure out the best. way for that of this parameter is the network parameter, and it has to be changed through governance proposal So we reviewing that all internally and hopefully, maybe next week or so even a conversation on that. But yeah, I think most likely is going to be the governance proposal to over the police.

Greg Osuri: So why don't we put a proposal to?

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, I think I think.

Greg Osuri: to make it one akt

Artur Troian: so we said it initially to five…

Greg Osuri: that's

Prashant Maurya: So my question here is before.

Artur Troian: because the problem because

Prashant Maurya: Before you guys even move forward in this direction. I have one question to put forward. So I was very curious is why do we even need the deposit?

Artur Troian: So let's probably help move this discussion over to GitHub because I didn't saying this is the clients talk…

Prashant Maurya: Okay, okay.

Artur Troian: but there's a specific reason for that. So we've already to five when the ADT was what 20 25 cents novices like three dollars. It creates painting about so you can review it.

Tyler Wright: So Prashant, I think and I appreciate you joining. I know it's late. If you could create a GitHub discussion for this kind of setting your problem and be specific around that's being deployment. Then folks like Greg Archer and others from the community can get involved in that discussion and we can just figure out what the next steps are in terms of. If we need to adjust the deployment initial akt amounts. And then how we go about doing that? Prashant if you could throw that on chain, either before you head to bed tonight or early tomorrow, that would be great and then we can just have a discussion over the next couple of days around that subject.

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, so we are just so sorry for this. I'll ask him to kind of open that on the tech game side. We're gonna take it forward and open that decision. I inform them as soon as possible within this week.

Tyler Wright: excellent much appreciated

Tyler Wright: cool, but

Greg Osuri: I think if I remember correctly the deposit was required because the escrow needs Summit 80 to get started or some crazy reason like that if I remember correctly. Yeah.

00:30:00

Artur Troian: Yeah, yeah. So the two reasons for that the first of all you can create without deposit. Talent can create deployments run for a few blocks and then it's just gonna be exhausted pretty quickly.

Greg Osuri: Right, right.

Greg Osuri: I remember.

Artur Troian: So there has to be so…

Artur Troian: what happens is if there is no deposit. The provider is Rock command review gonna be close to me. So there has to be some kind of deposit. So I think yeah Max's point is right. You could guys use usdt for that. The only question is how many providers are. offering usdt

Artur Troian: During the beat process.

Greg Osuri: Sounds good.

Artur Troian: But yeah, we're going to change it.

Greg Osuri: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: excellent So again members this fear on team will add that discussion and we'll follow up there on GitHub with next steps.

Tyler Wright: Max just asked spear on you have your own providers is that is correct, but Prashant do you want to Yep, perfect.

Prashant Maurya: Yeah, so the reason we wanted to have our own provider again is because of the same reason because a lot of things which we have kind of made those changes into our side is the first is like that becoming a provider again the bidding cost which was Associated again, that was also the pain for us. So we kind of solved it for ourselves. If somebody is kind of looking forward to that have that solution. You can definitely kind of get it done but we don't know how cool that code is I respond of time so we never raise that you are around it, but we can always open a branch where we can submit that so that if somebody's looking forward to that code

Prashant Maurya: But yeah, that is one of the reasons why we had that and we'll keep on running these providers. You could enable Yes, again, the problem with the usdc is again, so we are running back to the same question is maintaining the liquidity part. even if we go with one one uses right now, imagine if you have to just scale every time whenever you scare, you have to go and keep buying us this on Market keep exploring into your side. what happens if you go and buy too much of how use DC and it doesn't even steal. So there are lot of different birds on the clients side. It basically means we have to come up with a lot of capital first in order to kind of get started. So that is the reason I'm kind of will write down that proposal. we'll write it down. I think that deposit should not be needed. It should just go to zero. And there should be some way around using which we should be able to. find I

Artur Troian: The Prashant just s. Yeah, I'll jump in real quick on that. You cannot do that to zero as Greg mentioned earlier. This is requirement for SQL account to work and simply removing the setting deposit to zero. We'll just break entire beat processes and entire deployment process. So we kind of do that. The only thing that is doable at this stage is lowering the positive so there still have to be depositive right? It's just the question of what Spies of this deposit is.

Tyler Wright: I just want to be mindful of time. I know that we'll take this discussion offline. I see a number of folks that are getting involved in chat and I appreciate that again after the sphere on team adds this to discussions. I will share this in sick clients and elsewhere and we can have a wider discussion as a community about this.

Tyler Wright: cool I did see a question from Luna that's not related to this issue. But it's more related to running a Luna asks having your own providers has that allowed you to have private registries?

Prashant Maurya: So yes, it does.

Tyler Wright: Okay, Any other questions for Prashant again, I know it's late. And again, we'll be adjusting the time moving forward so much appreciated Prashant representing Spherion and joining us today.

Tyler Wright: Cool moving along again. We have about 23 minutes left allotted, but I do want to give some time to Archer who I know has been working on Akash API, which is again available to the community. So I'm going to hand it over to Archer to Talk a little bit about cost API how he thinks it should be used Etc. So Archer take it away.

Artur Troian: thanks our all Yeah, I'll try to be real quick on that. I'll just quickly share screen.

00:35:00

Artur Troian: So I'm trying to find the tab the issue you're trying to sort of solve here is we are changing API from time and for example adding new features to the deployment process big process at a new modules and so forth that requires us to change the API versioning which every time and that causes problems. from the clients side as there is pretty much no way to

Artur Troian: understand what kind of version of the API is being supported right now on the RPC node. So we try to sort of hack it initially which was probably not good idea and just before the end of 2018.

Artur Troian: As I would say, maybe the most easiest and other solutions to that problem. We can extend.

Artur Troian: RPC endpoint to serve the Russian and it looks pretty easy right now. This feature will be available to the current mind in the partial version. So people are similar idea. Is that the extra?

Artur Troian: endpoints in the RPC Handler that just reports currently supported the crush API version and then there's a clients discovery that checks that and generates and actually it's a case correct clients for the CPI version right now. It is available in golland. And both provider and not repositories are using this. feature as of right now, we will be having proper examples and guidelines on how to implement this thing for other languages including not just I think so in the idea is that

Artur Troian: it's just pretty much the product message over here just to show off. what the extent in their Pacino, but if you go to actual discovery oops online So what it does is pretty much just hits the API where RBC important on the Note side and checks if the version is okay, if it supported you just pretty much okay, it's the new. Clients and you don't have to worry about if types are correct. It's a new version and it's also for especially kids with the deployment as the updated quite often in the Portland groups. We have that resources new features like gpus. and we've been having this issue happening quite a few times.

Artur Troian: After upgrade, so we also generate right now documentation for profs and it can be found over here. Right now it is sort of just generated. Whatever.

Artur Troian: Provided by grpc. Sorry protocol compiler We will be updating that slightly more human readable information. So this provides just shows up what kind of types and API requests can be handled by RPC at this stage. but then we will be providing examples on how to create clients and how to

Artur Troian: Use future discovery on the Note side the feature Discovery will be available for provided side as well as we have quite substantial API that is been migrated entirely to what about right now? As soon as we clean is that you should discover on the provider side.

Artur Troian: I think is it yeah, but

Tyler Wright: Thank you again, just as Artur and other members of the core team are working on a number of new items in the code base. I want to make sure and they do a great type of volunteering themselves, but make sure that they share These thoughts with the community so they can ask questions anybody that joins these calls especially Sid clients with so many people that are technically working on number of things. And then again we have record for the rest of time from these conversations so our church. Thank you for sharing. Does anyone have any questions on Akashi API related stuff that they want some more detail from Archer over the core team one.

00:40:00

Rodrigo Rochin: That might just share something about my issue.

Tyler Wright: No, appreciate it. real quick. Did anyone have any questions on a cash API? Again, that's open source. It's available inside the cost Network organization. I've shared it in.

Artur Troian: It just real quick on the graphic. I think so the sole purpose of that was to simplify

Artur Troian: documentation as well as access to products for external users and you wanted to just untie it completely from the entire Converse because those things are completely different from this Cycles. Does number one number two was?

Artur Troian: Just because we use the product for the valve for jpcloud for types description. We found that. Generating from above every time is quite painful second of all environments can be completely different than just troubles. So what we do instead just pretty much supply all generated product above things as for example cubing the last so for user that let's say luna for you guys, whenever you want to do some extent that a clients implementation. So instead of generating product itself to access a cardboard chain, you just use whatever is already and make sure that doesn't create any problems. and the third thing with the Akash API is

Artur Troian: to make sure that it is really easy entry for the developer. to start interacting with the blockchain so that was the Three main points for Akash API. It's still underway. We are going to have a few more things push to that repo and hopefully in the next few months, we will release it as a mainstream version. So everybody could I have a good implementation and understanding how this thing works.

Tyler Wright: convertible

Deval Patel: So under the question here is that regarding the moderation API. that we are trying to expose the crd what we are building through for the white listing and block listing. The address is a hostname and I are images we have created the API in the provider service right now. Do you think so we should expose it through the Akashi PA as well or the provider service API is okay for now? your thoughts on

Artur Troian: Yes, I slowly provide guys. Thank you. So. I'm still unsure where we want to keep shared use of it because the crds are provided specific and more over there kubernetes specific. I think you're gonna keep them in provider repo for So first of all that this year and the crd right now is leaving inside the provider Repository. and I don't know so the crd is not actually API per se Wright. So the crd is some behavioral description of how some turning things work or operate within the kubernetes, right? It doesn't mean that it exposes API.

Artur Troian: So for now, yeah, we're gonna keep it inside the provider I think. Shortly, we will be holding this PR. Review until we do some releases related to Future Discovery and deploy operator. Those things are actually changed the big process a little bit. So you will have to revise it when we are ready to review this pure and merge it. I'll give you a follow-up in the pr when you have to do that.

00:45:00

Tyler Wright: Don't go ahead.

Deval Patel: Yeah understand and the only thing I mean, we expose the API through Provider Services because we want to give the UI all where people can actually look at the list of filters they have right and they can update it. But update will not happen directly through API for now, right so up to be directly through CID, but at least they can read the CID from APA pers.

Tyler Wright: Thank I think that's a great segue. I know we're coming up on time. Just a reminder next week. There is a number of special interest groups and working groups happening including docs on Tuesday Sig support and sick providers on Wednesday as well as steering committee and some others on Thursday. just want to quickly shout out again. Our chair has reviewed some of the work or not some but the work that the prayer team is done around content moderation. There will be some follow-up happening there. So thank you Archer. And thank you pray to our team for getting that ready.

Tyler Wright: I know that leading up until next meeting as a part of the state providers agenda. I'm sure we'll talk a little bit more around the discussion that I believe Luna put forth in terms of Provider schema. So again, please we'll save any conversation for that for next week. But go into discussions on GitHub and feel free to chime in there and then we'll follow up next week. And then I just saw prashant's question around provider upgrades and so we can talk about that as a topic next week as well. Is there anything else? Related that anybody wants to discuss today that hasn't been discussed.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Alani Kuye: Hey guys. Thanks for the updates. This is very very helpful. Luna if you get a chance offline within Circle, I'll be very interested in that provider schema. Because we've been circling around provider reviews and things along those lines. So I would like to see what you have cooking there and what relationships might exist.

Joao Luna: Yeah, definitely. I'll DM you.

Alani Kuye: Awesome. Thank you.

Alani Kuye: I yield sorry.

Tyler Wright: Alani always good to hear from you Archer. Thank you very much for walking us through I've dropped the discussion around a provider attributes in the chat for folks much appreciate again Prashant staying up late and joining and talking about some of the things that they're working on. We'll look out for a discussion around the deployment amount as well as we'll follow up all offline about how we can support you all in the meantime Prashant and then I know the troll I talked about providing some data and just like showcasing some of the successes you've had at the start of 2024 with activity on network again built on top of the class.

Tyler Wright: But again much appreciate everyone's time today. Feel free to reach out to me if you need anything, but I'll be updating the notes making the video available shortly and then we'll continue these conversations online after we move into the rest of this week and next week. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thanks again for participating talk offline.

Rodrigo Rochin: you guys and they

Joao Luna: Thank you guys.

Jigar Patel: picture

Meeting ended after 00:49:26 👋

