# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Quick follow up from sig-clients monthly meeting #12.
- Update on specific Akash clients from representatives present at the meeting.
- Presentation fron Piyush ( Hooman HQ team )

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 22, 2024
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://x5g5djwxzxixepgqsmxl6rupiipshcicdmq5bf2tjac35fjv5f6q.arweave.net/v03RptfN0XI80JMuv0aPQh8jiQIbIdCXU0gFvpU16X0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Anil Murty
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Julius Haus
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Piyush Choudhary
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Tyler Wright

## Meetings notes
#### Tyler Wright:
- Tyler Wright opens the meeting, emphasizing its purpose: to discuss client-related topics concerning tools built on Akash.
- The focus is on improving user experience, avoiding redundancy, and fostering collaboration.
- Tyler mentions the influx of teams integrating Akash into their ecosystems and encourages them to join the meeting.
- The meeting format may adjust to accommodate new teams and their needs.
- Updates from Cloudmos Team are integral, as they address bugs and community issues swiftly.
- Community members can ask questions or report issues via Discord Channel or Cloudmos repo.
- Tyler expresses gratitude for the Cloudmos Team's responsiveness and support.
- Max from the Cloudmos Team is expected to provide updates later in the meeting.
### Recap of last SIG Clients Monthly Meeting
#### Tyler Wright:
- Discussion on Luna's team updates regarding client libraries and potential collaboration offline to push libraries forward.
- Sphereon team's discussion on scaling their tool built on Akash infrastructure, expressing concern over the 5 AKT bid deployment.
- Sphereon team desires a lower AKT amount for scalability due to increasing AKT price.
- Discussion initiated, feedback provided, awaiting further parameter changes to lower AKT amount.
- General discussion on APIs.
### Updates from Maxime Beauchamp (Cloudmos Team)
- Released a new stats app, extracted from Cloudmos into its own domain [stats.akash.network](https://stats.akash.network/)
- [Cloudmos API](https://api.cloudmos.io/v1/swagger) updated with its own documentation on Swagger.
- Working with the core team to implement the server provider service Discovery endpoint, rolling out slowly to the mainnet.
- Continuing work on rebranding Cloudmos into Akash console 2.0, progress tracked on the project board.
#### Console Migration Progress:
- Tyler confirms the console migration is ongoing and not yet finished.
- The migration is a significant effort, tracked on the [project board](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/5/views/1) , and prioritized but may face delays due to other priorities.
### Introduction of Piyush's Project
#### Tyler Wright:
- Piyush has been working on an LLM solution and has successfully revamped the website and managed the Akash Network website.
- The team has participated in working group sessions and discussions.
- Next step after initiating a discussion was to present a demo to SIG Clients.
- Piyush will provide details about the project they're working on and give a one to two-minute demo.
- Tyler hands over the floor to Piyush to discuss the project and provide a demo.
### Piyush Choudhary's Presentation
- Piyush discusses their work on revamping the official Akash Network website 
- [Proposes a solution](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/487) for streamlining the deployment of LLM models on Akash.
- They highlight the complexity involved in deploying LLMs on Akash compared to other platforms like Amazon SageMaker.
- Piyush presents their solution, including a universal SDL to load LLMs from Hugging Face and deploy them on Akash.
- They divide the solution into a universal backend UI for deploying multiple elements into a single deployment and a dedicated LLM deployment option for Akash.
- Collaboration with Alani and ongoing development efforts are mentioned, along with obtaining PRC.
- Tyler encourages attendees to watch the attached video and provide feedback/comments on the discussion board.

### Other matters Discussed
- Piyush proposes starting a dedicated support group to assist users with deploying applications on Akash.
- Piyush highlight the need for dedicated support due to numerous user inquiries and discussions on various platforms, including Discord.
- Piyush suggests providing guidance through written guides, local video explanations, and personal assistance from themselves and their team.
#### Tyler's Response:
- Tyler acknowledges the value of Piyush's proposal and notes the existing support provided by Akash insiders and vanguards.
- While recognizing the support structures in place, Tyler appreciates Piyush's contributions and willingness to assist users.
- Tyler mentions the responsiveness and assistance provided by insiders and vanguards in addressing user inquiries and needs.
- Tyler encourages brainstorming on how to enhance support, such as documenting Docker image generation and deployment processes.
- Suggestions are made to create documentation, videos, or other resources to address common questions and issues.

## Action Items
- Tyler to continue pushing for updates from other teams and encourage them to drop updates in SIG Clients.
- Community members to push opportunities or projects related to Akash integration to SIG Clients for discussion.
- Tyler to adjust schedule due to community members attending East Denver, with the steering committee meeting moved to the following Thursday.
- Attendees encouraged to reach out on Discord for any questions related to SIG Clients or other projects in the ecosystem.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to sync clients monthly meeting number 13 during the sick monthly meetings. The group goes over anything related to clients that are building tools on top of Aka Usually we get updates from cloud most team. I know there's previously been updates from Luna who's been working on clients libraries a number of other teams that are building Integrations either on top of a cost or folks to deploy or other tools that again make it easier for people to use Akash.

Tyler Wright: So during these conversations we talk about themes around again improving user experience just general tooling so that there's not redundancy of efforts as people are continuing to build on top of Akash and just a place for collaboration. I know there's a number of teams that have reached out to myself and other members of the core team Community about Integrations that they're building to again bring cash into their ecosystem. So those are really exciting things. We're trying to push as many of those teams to join this meeting just to participate and show off some of their work.

Tyler Wright: Again, as we continue to move forward at the time needs to move will do that so that we can accommodate a number of new teams that are learning about Akash testing out a cost and figuring out ways to Leverage The plethora resources that are on a cost right now and they're coming down the pipe.

Tyler Wright: Quickly before we go into just updates from various teams. I want to go over some items from the last say clients meeting as always we talked about some of the updates from the cloud most team. I know they do a great job of addressing any bugs or any issues that anybody from the community has as they use cloud most which is right now the preferred deployment tool.

Tyler Wright: if there's anybody that has any questions or comments, there's a Discord Channel ecosystem Cloud most where you can ask and get pretty quick feedback. You can also put any specific issues that you see with the cloud nose app inside the cloud most repo in their cost Network organization. So any issues there the max is and the rest of the community do a great job of looking at those issues commenting on this issues and then stopping them pretty quickly so much appreciate that. We'll get some updates from Max later on.

Tyler Wright: Beyond that there was a discussion around some updates that the Luna's team has been doing as a potential s libraries. So some next steps. I'll be taking offline in terms of pushing clients libraries forward. I know that Luna has been working on a number of other efforts of related to quasarch and some other projects. So again again update there and then a member of the sphere on team joined the call and was talking about scaling of their tool that's built on using a cost infrastructure. There was a discussion around the five akt bid deployment that goes in and it's held the sphere on team talked about wanting that akt amount to be lowered so that as they continue to scale.

Tyler Wright: It's easier for them to do so because five akt because the price is growing it's going up, it's becoming more expensive. The action item from that was again. They put a discussion in there folks gave their feedback the next exercise was if they had any additional thoughts because again Akash is open if they have any parameter changes that they would like to put in to lower that akt amount. anybody else is more than welcome to put those Unchained up for vote and again, we would love to see that participation.

Tyler Wright: But it has not happened quite yet. So we'll continue to track back to action item as a move forward.

Tyler Wright: Other than that there was some general discussions around apis. But again, that's a wrap up of what happened at Sid clients monthly meeting number 12. Before we move on to a presentation from peers. I do want to see if there's any updates. Usually we check in with Max B or other representatives from other teams that might be here today to talk about any updates on cloud most or any other tools that are being built that are in the Sig clients category. So does anybody have anything that they want to specifically give an update on before I handed over to Max the given update on some of the progress has been made over the last month with clients.

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Max, I'll hand it over to you. Is there anything on update side that you want to get to the community and relates in regards to what's been going on the cloud most over the last month?

Maxime Beauchamp: Thanks so yeah in the last month, we released a bunch of things including the new stats app that is now extracted from the Clubhouse app into its own app under the domain name stats that I cache that didn't work. You should be redirected to this app. If you go from the Akash Network website or simply from the cloud multiplier. It's been also updated to remove these pages and In the sidebar, you can just click on the link and bring you to the app. Also, we released a new version Of the cloud most API which has its own documentation under a Swagger. app API Can make it there in a chat?

Maxime Beauchamp: which is now live in the functional functioning pretty well. We're also working with the

Maxime Beauchamp: with the core team that we are part of as well and to implement the server the provider service Discovery endpoint, which is the now slowly rolling out to the mainnet which will provide more information about the hardware that the provider has and we're also continuous continuing our work to Rebrand Cloud nose into the Akash console 2.0 which is the going and you can follow the progress on the project board in so that's all I have in the big lines of updates for the past month.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max. Does anyone have any questions for Max about anything Cloud most related they want to ask at this time?

Tyler Wright: All right as mentioned I do reach out to all of the teams that are The Sid clients repo page on a monthly basis to check in with them. See if they can come to the meeting. Some folks they can and then may not always be able to make it I try to get them to also give updates and sick clients so that they're giving the community updates on their projects. Think if they can't make this meeting live and I'll continue to push that as we can do as we move forward.

Tyler Wright: You Julius asking the chat is the console migration finish. No, this is an item that's currently in progress. I know that on the project board as Max is dating in the chat. There is a large item for the refactor. This is a big effort and it's ongoing and sometimes the Maxes get pulled in a number of other directions as it pertains to updating things like endpoints API. Are so it's important effort and it's certainly prioritizing in progress right now, but you can contract that in a project board.

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: If all right, if there's no other questions related to Cloud most and nobody has any questions or any updates on any other specific clients, then I do want to hand it over to huge who again has been working for some time on an l and llm solution. Let them go into more detail on exactly what he's been building. But again piyush and his team worked on the website revamp and successfully completed that work and have been managing the Akash Network website as well. the team again has also put up a discussion as participated in a number of working group sessions. And so the next item related to the specific project that here in the human.

Tyler Wright: HQ team are working on after putting up a discussion was to join a safe dude, give a demo and talk to folks live about what they're working on. So I thought that say clients would be the best place for them to do that. I'm going to drop the discussion in the chat just in case people haven't already seen it, but then I'll hand over the floor to be used to talk at a high level about what he's building and then maybe give a one to two minute demo for people on this call and then people watching the video and then if anybody has any questions, we'll hold those questions until after that short demo and then we can have a continued discussion from there. So without further Ado I'll hand over to piyush appears if you want to share your screen or anything. Feel free.

Piyush Choudhary: So good everyone. So I'm beautiful. So I've been working on the official occasion Network website River and we successful area from the official occasion Network website, which is already and instantly we put forward a proposal that is live discussion board 87. So the audio was to streamline the process of deploying elements onto the cost. so that is a huge requirements or use demand from the community sites but the complexity is too much when doing something to Akash, we have to first figure out how the islands are looking. What is their code Base by going on to the hurricane face and then we have to be a talk of image and all so this is a huge work involves all deploying elements under cast and we can see how many face is kind of a GitHub for elements and if we can have a streamlined process of

Piyush Choudhary: Alums onto cast the uses of the network can increase in this case for example, if you say this is the Alum example that you can see on hugging Pace. I want to deploy it on to Amazon airlift. I have a option to directly deploy it onto Amazon Spacemaker SDK, but if I want to deploy this model onto Akash, I will have to go to the complexity of

Piyush Choudhary: Setting up a local environment creating a Docker Park creating a documentation SGL file. which might be to complex and to learn the process to the purchase single elements and there are thousands of them that are available on being page. So to streamline this process we created this solution and I have attached this video which shows a quick demo that we have created to showcase the proof of concept and validate the So the idea is to create a universal STL which will load all the elements into a single place from hugging face and these auction to launch the elements and it will launch albums in a machine that I still has been deployed and then there is a base other which can be used just like an API to talk to them anywhere similar to the church if it's kind of the universally I think any number of others interested in this case we have divided this

Piyush Choudhary: Into two part one. Yes. We are creating a universal backend. So this is kind of a universal UI backend UI which can deploy multiple elements into a single deployment. So you just have to launch rsgl file and it will load and all multiple elements from the base and it will provide you an option as you can see in the videos to launch the elements and then there is a second solution, which is more towards how the Amazon image is being struct.

Piyush Choudhary: Example, let's say and we have option to deploy or it on Amazon salesmaker. So in this case dedicated Alum deployment, so we are going to create a similar kind of functionality for the cost where we will have a deploy onto a cost the cloud modes option and it will deploy. Of course, you will be ours because you cannot add options onto the plugin face UI so we will have our UI where all these elements will be loaded and you have the option deployed on broadcast and also Alani is our advisor in this case and we are developing the solutions and we are working on the solution for past few months. So also we have got the PRC in this case. So any questions for more than welcome.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you for your site. I know some folks may not have had some time to watch the video yet. But again if folks on this call and then folks watching this and take a look at this discussion, give some feedback write some comments. Ask some specific questions. If you need some time to digest today, that would be great. So again that we could take the next steps on figuring out how we want to move this idea presentation forward or if the network is potentially not ready for it or just again some comments on this discussion would be a great. I appreciate PSU staying up a little bit late too at least talk about the discussion a little bit with this group.

Piyush Choudhary: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: does anyone have any initial questions again? If not, then feel free to drop those in the discussion and leave questions there so that more Community time and

Tyler Wright: All right at this part of the agenda. I want to open it up to anybody that might have anything clients related that they want to discuss. Is there anybody that wants to discuss anything clients related that's again the floor is yours. Feel free to raise your hand and ask any questions comments Etc.

Piyush Choudhary: So I have one thing like I'm considering to start deployment as a dedicated group says it's something that I can talk about here.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah, feel free to talk.

Piyush Choudhary: Yeah. Yeah, sure So there is in blocks of the users who are asking how to deploy Into Cash. There are multiplicative discussions that are being started and all Discord also they were a lot of questions but please no dedicated support available to help them write their applications on the gosh and this is something that is required. I guess at this point and also I've been opposed finite my God the website on the car with proper guy and local video explanations and all so I think I was just being installing starting with employment Health dedicated book which can be a primary point of contact and can help anyone deploy any type of applications on drugs with dedicated support and I can relate this through me and myself and my team so yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank I know that my initial feedback on this idea. I think I shared there is the Akash insiders and their cash vanguards that do a lot of that kind of work.

Tyler Wright: this is something that as I think about it. We'll talk to Adam a little bit more because I know that you do a great job here just individual helping folks.

Tyler Wright: I know that folks like Piper dents and others are helping people with complex and simple sdls and helping them. I know Rodrigo's doing the same thing Max. I'm sure and others. So again, there is currently infrastructure through Discord and we push people from other places into Discord to have those kind of real-time conversations, but I don't want to diminish the input in and the value that you as an individual certainly can bring to Discord, but I do want to make it clear that there are institution there are places that do that right now and again support structures that have been in place for some time that I know users from the community of expressed to me privately in publicly that they get responses from insiders and vanguards in a very reasonable time and anything that needs to get taken to

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: anything specific that they need they get so I do want to shout out the support that's currently happening at the beginning to deployment and setting up providers and discordant elsewhere. But does anyone else have any? specific thoughts about

Tyler Wright: What Peter's just brought forth brainstorm?

Tyler Wright: All Yeah This is something that I've taken note of as part of the open discussion for this sick clients meeting and we can continue to brainstorm something like this because again, I'm much appreciate the help that you provided to the netted out team and all the help that you provide to anybody that's trying to interact with the website and elsewhere. So want to make sure that we continue to utilize those skills wherever we can.

Piyush Choudhary: It say I agree with you, I think. There's already some things of in place. I think the only thing that I want to say that what things can get it by the vanguards is like they can start pushing on to describing how GitHub bills through Docker images can be used to deploy on to the cost like how they can automate the docker image generations to get a bills and then how they can have a deployed on a constable problems. So yeah, there is something that and godsend about

Tyler Wright: Love that and we'll talk a little bit more about some of those ideas that you have and maybe they could be. Docs videos Etc. There's a number of ways to Make sure that users have that kind of information especially if you get those questions, that's a lot. I know that again kind of sidebar but shimpa put out a great video on the provider side. I know some people ask or asked about Forwarding all the time. And so you made a specific video about that that will touch on next weekend providers.

Tyler Wright: Is there any other open discussions that haven't been discussed at anybody wants to talk about right now?

Tyler Wright: again much appreciates the updates from the clubhouse team and participation here today. Thank you Max. I will continue to try to get updates from other teams and have them drop it in Sig clients and pushes hard as I can for them to do that and then again, I'll add it to the notes once it's dropped in Discord. and then I as more teams are finding out about the costs understanding the power of Akash and looking to integrate, again, the core team and members of the community. If you see any of those kinds of opportunities or projects out there, please push them to this stage so we can see how folks are building on top of Akash. And again leveraging the resources.

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else then again, I'll let you all go much appreciate everyone's time today. Yeah, I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. There's a couple of cigs and working groups next week, but the schedule has been adjusted a little bit because of I know a number of folks from the community and the core team will be at East Denver. So the steering committee meeting that was originally planned for next Thursday has been moved to the following Thursday. So two weeks from today. And again, there's a couple of other changes but much appreciated everyone's time and efforts today. If anybody has any questions ready to see clients, feel free to drop those and Discord or feel free to reach out to the cloud most team or any of the projects in the ecosystem area. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thanks again everybody. Talk soon. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:26:13 ï¿½
