# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda
1. Welcome and Introduction
2. Updates on Akash Clients and Projects
3. Discussion on Meeting Cadence
4. Updates on Terraform Open Sourcing
5. Cloudmos Updates
6. Human HQ Team's Automated Pipeline Project
7. Demo by Chaitanya Rai
8. Open Floor for Questions and Comments
9. Overview of Console 2.0 Plans by Anil Murty


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, April 24, 2024
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://j3gehsinfdsmtozvozl7ne3dv2w255mnewbmwe3unblpiayao3ya.arweave.net/TsxDyQ0o5Mm7NXZX9pNjrq2u9Y0lgssTdGhW9AMAdvA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Anil Murty
- Bold Panther
- Chaitanya Rai
- envy | Neta DAO
- Nicolas
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Scott Carruthers
- Tyler Wright

## Meetings notes

- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Welcomed everyone to the SIG Clients monthly meeting for April 2024.
  - Mentioned the group focuses on anything related to Akash clients or those building solutions on top of Akash.
  - Proposed changing the meeting cadence from monthly to every two months to improve attendance and participation.
  - Requested feedback on the proposed change in meeting cadence.
  - Highlighted the ongoing coordination with Luna to open source Terraform, which is expected to be completed soon.
  - Mentioned the efforts to push teams into public channels for better visibility and communication.
  - Discussed the Human HQ team's work on an automated pipeline project in collaboration with Neta DAO, Cloudmos, and Overclock Labs.

- **Maxime Beauchamp:**
  - Provided updates on Cloudmos, including the refactor and rebrand from Cloudmos to Console.
  - Mentioned the work on improving features based on new chain additions, such as storage classes for AI workloads and private registry support.
  - Discussed improvements in TypeScript type generation in the Akash API to streamline JavaScript client operations.
  - Announced the onboarding of a new team member, Yarrow.

- **Bold Panther:**
  - Updated on the progress of the Human HQ team's automated pipeline project.
  - Mentioned meetings with the Overclock Labs team and Cloudmos team to define the project scope.
  - Described the implementation of the base container to handle automated deployments and integration with GitHub webhooks.
  - Offered to provide a demo of the project's current progress and requested feedback and participation from other teams.

- **Chaitanya Rai:**
  - Demonstrated the automated pipeline project by showing the SDL file configuration.
  - Explained how the SDL file includes image, environment variables, repository, port number, node version, build command, and build directory.
  - Demonstrated the process of cloning a repository, building it on the provider's machine, and deploying the application.
  - Showed a diagram explaining the workflow: cloning the repo, installing dependencies, running the build command, transferring build artifacts, and serving the application.
  - Emphasized the use of a lightweight Alpine Linux container image to minimize overhead and costs.

- **Anil Murty:**
  - Commented on the code commits related to the core repositories and network upgrade scheduled for next week, enabling data people inside services.
  - Mentioned a draft document on workflow improvements and offered to share it with the team for feedback and collaboration.
  - Provided a quick overview of plans for Console 2.0, which will start once the rebrand and support for private registries are completed.
  - Encouraged the Human HQ team to continue developing and integrating their work with Cloudmos and Akash Console.

**Discussion on Console 2.0 Plans:**

- **Anil Murty:**
  - Presented a draft document on the Console 2.0 project, highlighting several key goals:
    - Eliminate the need for interacting with crypto or obtaining AKT.
    - Allow users to try Akash services without spending money, similar to free trials offered by public clouds.
    - Simplify provider selection by offering instance-based selections.
    - Improve notifications for lease closures, low funds, and billing.
    - Enhance log and event management by saving historical logs.
    - Enable SSH access to VM instances similar to public cloud services, with reliable connection and command line access.
    - Provide pre-built Linux images for common distributions and versions, allowing easy customization.
    - Automate HTTPS setup and custom domain configuration.
  - Explained the proposed workflow, including login options via Kepler Wallet or GitHub, and the creation of custodial wallets for users.
  - Mentioned an existing solution involving a Telegram bot for notifications and expressed interest in exploring its integration.

- **Bold Panther:**
  - Offered to share information on the Telegram bot project for notifications.

- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Thanked Anil for the overview and expressed excitement for the upcoming Console 2.0 features.
  - Encouraged continued tracking and discussion of these features as they are developed.
### Clossing Remarks
- **Tyler Wright:**
  - Expressed gratitude for the updates from Max, Anil, and the Human HQ team.
  - Confirmed work with Luna next week to finalize the open sourcing of Terraform, with an announcement to follow.
  - Noted Human HQ team will add more information to their discussion, and he will supplement it with the meeting video.
  - Reminded everyone about the ongoing Akashathon hackathon, ending on May 17th with over $200,000 in prizes.
  - Shared the link to the hackathon for those interested in participating.
  - Announced the rescheduling of the steering committee meeting to May 2nd and the planned network upgrade also set for May 2nd, pending a vote.
  - Invited everyone to stay engaged via public roadmaps and Discord for any questions or further involvement.

## Action Items
1. **Tyler Wright:**
   - Post the question regarding changing the meeting cadence to the SIG Clients Discord Channel.
   - Collect and review feedback from the Discord Channel on the proposed cadence change.
   - Announce the final decision on the meeting cadence based on the collected feedback.
   - Coordinate with Luna and Andrey to ensure the open sourcing of Terraform is completed before the next SIG Clients meeting.

2. **Group:**
   - Provide updates and announcements in the SIG Clients Discord Channel if unable to attend the bi-monthly meetings.
   - Participate in the discussion on the proposed change of meeting cadence in the Discord Channel.
   - Report any Cloudmos-related issues in the Cloudmos repo issues area or the Cloudmos channel in Discord.

3. **Maxime Beauchamp:**
   - Continue to provide updates on Cloudmos/Console development and new features in the relevant public channels and meetings.

4. **Bold Panther:**
   - Share a detailed update and next steps for the automated pipeline project in the SIG Clients discussion and Discord Channel.
   - Provide a demo of the project's progress and invite feedback and participation from other teams.
   - Share information on the Telegram bot project for notifications.

5. **Chaitanya Rai:**
   - Share the demo details and workflow diagram in the SIG Clients discussion and Discord Channel for further feedback and collaboration.

6. **Anil Murty:**
   - Share the draft document on workflow improvements in the communication channel for feedback and collaboration.
   - Provide updates on the network upgrade and its implications for the project in the next meeting.
     
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to say clients monthly meeting for April 2024. During the special interest group for clients. The group goes over anything related to Akash clients or those that are Building Solutions on top inside the sick clients repo you can track various teams that are working on again various initiative building on top of Akash. Usually we get updates from teams that join this call and we ask all other teams to leave a message in sick clients.

Tyler Wright: I know that folks have been very busy and It has been difficult to get folks to join these meetings. I know there's teams building all over the world. And so again a number of people have historically said, yeah, I can make it and then have not been able to make it for various reasons. The plan potentially for this sig is to maybe change a Cadence of it instead of it being every month. There is some discussion and I want to pose it to this group to change it to every two months similarly to Sig analytics. Hopefully with slightly less than a Cadence it'll drive people to take the time every two months to get updates and then we can continue to attract. again other updates via a announcements from those various teams or again updates inside of Discord before we move on with the agenda. Does anybody have any issue with?

Tyler Wright: And I'll post this question also in the state clients Discord Channel, but does anyone have any issue at this time with lessening the Cadence for this meeting?

Tyler Wright: I'll take that silence is nobody has any issue. One thing that we talked about last meeting that is still not done. I'm trying to coordinate with Luna is the open sourcing of terraform. There was a discussion that Luna brought forth. He did receive some community pool funding for

Tyler Wright: Terraform provider and again, I believe his work is completing. He's going to open source that and add that to the Akash Network organization. I will add it as an action item and I work with Andre offline to make sure this is done before the next state clients' meeting. And then again, we'll make an announcement in Sid clients and in Discord in general just where the new app is and how people can use it. So that's one thing that again Luna and I have talked about offline but need to get over the finish line.

Tyler Wright: Again, there are a number of teams that I try to push into public channels, but I know that myself Anil and others have been talking to various teams that are building clients that building their own Solutions on top of a cost.

Tyler Wright: cool one person that we usually get update from is from Max who just joined the call. you can also track updates many of the updates happening on the cloud most public road map inside the product and Engineering roadmap again any issues that are in the cloud both repo that are public facing or our actively being worked on rather get added to this roadmap. I know that Max and the most team had been working diligently on the cloud most deploy refactor and Rebrand from voice Cloud most console.

Tyler Wright: I'll give Max a little bit of time to give an update on all the work that they've already done. But again, I know that he has been working consistently to refactor a number of items that are available in Cloud most that will now be a part of console and part and as a part of that reason. Max don't feel like to go in detail because I know that you give an updates often and various other special interest group calls and as well as steering committee, but do you want to give a short update on some of the wins from cloud most of our last month? And what's next?

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, we've been working on a lot of different issues that I mentioned in this board. So yeah, like you mentioned I've been working on the refactoring Rebrand. It's a very close to being done and So that's gonna be rolled out in the coming months. We are also improving in or adding features based on what is being added on the Chain. So the storage around class that is to support.

00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: some AI workload that need to have this type of storage class. So we have also private registry. Support that is gonna come out soon. We're improving the typescript per above types generation in a cache API. So that will make it. better streamline for a Cassius or any clients just doing stuff with JavaScript. So yeah, that's the stuff going on and I think everything's going in the decent pace and we have the new team member that we onboarded yarrow you can see the board.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Max. Again, if anybody has any Cloud most related issues as we're leading up into that transition, you can always drop them inside of the cloud most repo in the issues area as well as in the ecosystem Cloud most Channel inside a Discord the max it do a great job of being very responsive.

Tyler Wright: Max one other thing we talked about the top of the call is and I'd much appreciate the time that you take there are a number of other teams, as you know that are building on top of Akash. They have an open invite and many of them are invited literally on the event to these meetings and between meetings tell me that they're going to come but when it comes time for the meeting for whatever reason or not able to join. There was discussion around changing the Cadence of the sick clients meeting to every two months. So maybe that with lots of vacations folks will be more driven to join that meeting and give updates every two months. just continue to update folks more regularly inside a Discord. Did you have any initial concern with changing the Cadence?

Tyler Wright: If you do have concerns feel free to speak. Otherwise, you can just thumbs up or stay muted.

Maxime Beauchamp: I think it's fine. I mean currently today other than how those clients who else is here to talk about clients.

Tyler Wright: No, nobody.

Maxime Beauchamp: So yeah, I guess that makes sense to move it to every two months. I'll see an issue there.

Tyler Wright: Again, we'll still look to track updates and obviously the updates on the cloud on the side are reflected in this roadmap, but I'll still look to track updates from other teams and happen put them in a public place. If not, I'll start throwing them in a public place and protagon people to correct me.

Tyler Wright: in addition. to those Cloud most efforts at the last declines meeting there was discussion around some work that the human HQ team wanted to do around again making easy for people to deploy and create an Implement to blind automated pipeline. I know the human HQ team has been working with the net of Dao team on this kind of work.

Tyler Wright: Homemade HQ team was able to meet with the cloud most team as well as the overclock Labs core team and you can track the discussion on where progress has gone since those conversations. I know that members of the human HQ team are here today. if anybody wants to get involved since discussion, please get involved, but I do want to see if anyone from the human HQ team wants to talk about progress made since those meetings with the clouds and over with the clients clean on next steps here.

00:10:00

Bold Panther: Yeah, so yeah, thank you for the interest. So I saw the last meeting the last six clients. We are made with the world clock lab screen as well as the Carlos team. So complete the scope that is defined in our proposal was to ask that I would have required some changes in the code base of console, but

Bold Panther: To test out the plan that we have invented. So we have been guided into basically first implement the less Scott person of and he will be building and still Park and behind the scenes with the base container of we will be handling the guitar presentation that the Deploy on the cloud onto the cost. So the base continuous will have the capabilities of other handling obviously able to fetch the wheels like George using and automate the process of building onto the providers machine.

Bold Panther: Yeah, I thank you so much for a great. Yeah, so obviously basically you can Bachelors about what all the JavaScript Frameworks and also ash as soon as the new pull requests or new push happens on to GitHub web books. We will figure the really deployments of respect or the guitars of this case to the pride and machine. so yeah, that's the plan and we have progressing good. So we were writing some test cases. So if anyone wants to see the demo that we have made I would love to presentation.

Tyler Wright: Thank you Pierce if you're able to drop a note because you were speaking a little bit fast. I got 85% of it and I believe I got the gist but if you can drop a quick comment inside this discussion on next steps, that would be great. And then maybe even drop the demo in there too. Just so we're all aligned.

Bold Panther: Yeah, so to conclude the things that I said, so the movement is we were testing some test cases which can basically fetch all retails about the guitarists that has been provided by the users to be deployed on Akash and our basically script all the base container industrial power will be able to get what JavaScript framework sorry post is using and it can deploy and grown and run the scripts directly onto the provider machines. And as soon as the new push happens on the guitar proposes, this logic is being reaching basically redeployed applications onto the provider machines being push to the main branch. So we also take it some good quality demo, so Of Japanese to share the skin and presentation.

Chaitanya Rai: Yeah, thank you for handing it over. So I'll be showing you guys the demo. So I'm sharing my screen.

Chaitanya Rai: Yeah, I hope I'm Audible and my screen is visible.

Tyler Wright: You are Audible and your screen is coming up right now. Your screen is visible.

Chaitanya Rai: Thank you for confirming so we have created an SGL file which has the image. So you just go in here upload this sdl file. And so this is how it looks so it has this image and in the environment variables you can specify the repository that you want to deploy the port number the node version as well. Some people might be using different node version than our base image and then a build command and then a bill directory but these three options are not necessary. You can even go ahead and omit them. If you don't need them. We have the most commonly used things as the default settings for them. So the idea is just we can get this Rippling from the environment variables and we do the container and it will just deploy

Chaitanya Rai: So it will keep on rechecking whether some changes have been made if the changes have been made it is going to pull them and show the new changes show the new version. So I'll go ahead and quickly show the demo.

Chaitanya Rai: So currently our idea is just making this sdl file as good as possible and as good in handling as possible and I'm using only a single one to basically be enough for all the JavaScript Frameworks out there Because we're giving them so many options of what node version to use if they have a different build directory or if they have a different build command, so by using this we will be able to mimic a render kind of experience on a cash.

00:15:00

Chaitanya Rai: Yeah, so one started container service one. We can go ahead in the logs Yeah, so you can see that it is cloning. Okay, so it was a relatively small Ripple so it's done so it clone the o. It build it here on the providers machine only and then it ran the serve package that we have in here. And if I go in here and I do this you'll be able to see the library. Yeah, so that is kind of the vision that we have and I would quickly also like to show you the quick diagram that I made for how this thing is working. So basically we have a GitH remote repo and we are using first and foremost is going to do a good clone using this shell script. So basically

Chaitanya Rai: All we are doing is running this shell script inside this Docker container. And as soon as the change is found it pulls the change The needed nbm packages runs the build command transfer build artifacts into the directory to be served and we are serving using G server HTT server, whatever is best suited and the image is Alpine is the container image the node images and Alpine version of Linux, which is very light. So we don't think that is going to create that much extra overhead over the hardware of the provider and it will keep the cost as minimal and as minimal as possible and with all the functionalities So yeah, this was all.

Bold Panther: ation

Chaitanya Rai: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much as much as you can share of that inside of the discussion would be great for folks and I'll drop in the link to this client meeting. So folks can also have access to live demo. Does anyone here have any questions or initial thoughts about the demo just put forth by whom an HQ team go ahead and deal.

Anil Murty: Yeah, chaitanya and MPS. That's Very cool. I guess just one or maybe two comments one is if you follow Some of the code commits on the core repositories you may have noticed that there was a code Commitment Report Industries So I just pasted the link to that as well. that's in the code, but it requires us to do the network upgrade which is scheduled for next week. So once that is done, then you'll be able to specify the credentials for the data people inside the services and it'll be awesome for you guys to test that out once it's in the code along with your cloning sdl

Bold Panther: Yeah, I think that looks cool and it can be great. step forward

Anil Murty: Yeah, and then the other thing I was going to mention was I know last time when we spoke about this after you posted the discussion we talked about making sure that any workflow that you build subsequent to this. So this is obviously just a template but they eventually goes I have a workflow in console itself. one of the actions on us was to discuss with you the workflow that we are thinking about in terms of other things that we want to solve. I have a draft document on that I can share with you on the channel that you have communication. and we can certainly take it from there. But if you want I can just provide a quick overview of that as well.

Bold Panther: Yeah, yeah for sure. You can share I think this is the first question that we are developing and as we progress more I think that problem stream as well as a period team to build things tightly on the ground most or maybe and now gosh console and I think that would be cool like that. I use other signing into GitHub and justifying that application style to the cash without having to worry about right industry fights. So I think that can be a dedicated clone on cloud nodes or console. Which the data.

Bold Panther: Atmos and us are together can Implement if and the version that we had everything is a success for all the JavaScript Frameworks. So we are still writing some of the test cases where it has the L handling capacities and also can detect what jobs can pay books are using and we were all six exploring your suggestions about build packs. how we can build a systems are directly to get actions build artifacts on YouTube actions and then use those artifacts directly to plan to the party emissions. So the exploring multiple waste so our proposal and I hope to push the proposal regarding this what we actually are related to the first versions pretty soon.

00:20:00

Anil Murty: specifically if we have time, I'm happy to give a really quick update on what we're thinking in terms of the new experience for Various calling it console 2.0 which is something that we hope to start working on. Once the Rebrand and the support for secret money or support for private Registries is done. I'm happy to do that as well.

Tyler Wright: Sorry Anil. Are you suggesting doing that right now during this call or doing it at a later time? Yes,â€¦

Anil Murty: right now if this thing

Tyler Wright: is there any before we jump into?

Tyler Wright: Just update from Anil. Is there any other thoughts on? the presentation from the human HQ team

Tyler Wright: again If you all can just add to that discussion much appreciate all the efforts that you all are putting in and pushing this forward and really excited for you connecting with the net of Dao team coming up with the idea sharing it getting some feedback and continuing to fight soon. So appreciate you all.

Tyler Wright: cool

Bold Panther: Thank you.

Anil Murty: Yeah, so this is understate this document. It's not complete at this point. It's still a draft and I've also drop this in the communication channel that we have with you guys. But our goal essentially with this console 2.0 is to solve a bunch of problems. We may not solve all of these in the very first go in the MVP version of this but ultimately the goal is to try to solve a bunch of problems the main problems. We have identified so far a kind of called out in this list here. Most of these should be pretty obvious. I think a lot of people have thought about these problems that are thinking about building clients. So, the first two are eliminating the need for interacting with crypto. basically obtaining it with the wallet or having to obtain akt the third one is be able to try the service or try a cash without having to spend any money. So, being able to basically get a free trial similar to what?

Anil Murty: Public clouds to give you a hundred dollars or two hundred dollars of money that you can use to stand on AWS or gcp Etc. The fourth is not needing to select a bunch of providers from a list of providers if you don't want to so, offering people the concept of an instance if you will and just being able to Say I want to get one of these instances as opposed to saying here's a bunch of providers and pick your own. So that's kind of number four. notifications for when at least is closed or when you're running low and funds or if there's billing then when you get build here.

Anil Murty: Dealing with logs and events better. So today if you have a bunch of logs and even said came out and then you release closed. There's no way for you to go inspect those later. So having some sort of historical saving of logs will probably go a long way because we hear from customers all the time that they have no idea what happened and why a certain thing closed and then the seventh one is probably the most relevant here, which is one of the biggest problems today is that customers that are coming from public clouds like AWS so gcp they're used to the mode of being able to just get a VM instance and get an SSH into that. We have instance and the expect to be able to do the same thing in And there's two challenges there one is while we do have that lease shell in console today.

Anil Murty: The least Channel because of a bug that exists in core code base is not reliable every time the Provider Services restart, you lose a connection to the least yet. And then also in general developers want to be able to just SSH from their own command line. So right now the thinking is we can potentially solve this one of two ways or offer essentially both the ways. One is follow what the public clouds do which is Linux images for the most common Linux distros as well as versions. So if you go for example do gcp or AWS, you might find you wouldn't do sync OS Susie, maybe another the next favor and you will do NTS 22 or something and then one version older one version you are then that And you can pick those and give you a vanilla Linux image that you can then install anything. You want to?

00:25:00

Anil Murty: so that's one option is to build refer these images and have them available that are user can select from and be able to have that instance file along with dropping Their public key so that we can load that on into the Container as well. And then the second one is what you guys are working towards which is building that custom image from the user's GitHub repository in case the user happens to be reactive or a JavaScript user and is informative with infrastructure. And then the last one here is once the services fun up then dealing with the issue of setting up https and a custom domain which today requires a lot of interactions outside of the core workflow.

Anil Murty: a lot of understanding of other services typically configured in cloudflare and stuff like that. So those are kind of main problems. This probably other ones that will come up with as well. But the ultimate goal here is to be able to get from the GPA pricing page on our cash Network slash GPU. Use the clicks on that and then ultimately ends up with their own command line SSH into the running container instance. That is either a plane Linux instance or their own custom build application of Any questions so far on that?

Anil Murty: but I think that you

Bold Panther: in the directly email logins

Anil Murty: Yeah, great question. So you jumped a little bit ahead in the dark. So basically the share the workflow that again this is not hundred percent second stone or final but this kind of the general thinking right now is we would have both of these options. So everything on the right side is what is supported already in consoles Nationals today. The one on the left is what we would have to implement. So you comes in and we give them the option of logging in with Kepler. Wallet or with GitHub And I didn't get up Then we would create a wallet on the user. We have essentially a custodial wallet and manage it for them and take it. Both options would be supportive.

Bold Panther: and there is a fourth point where you said the lack of notifications. So if I remember in last it's on there was one participant who kind of solve this problem by creating a telegram board. which was kind of notifying anything what's happening with their deployments if they are running on low, if you on the fundings they can get a notification library on the telegram. So if I clearly remember there was a one project I was getting that on because they could notification itself and I think I can search about that and share with

Anil Murty: Yeah, that'd be great. Would love to learn what they have and how we can potentially use that if we can.

Bold Panther: Here it shows.

Anil Murty: Yeah, I just want to give you kind of a preview of what we were thinking in terms of this. I'll share this document with you on the channel that we have established with you.

Bold Panther: Yes, sure.

Anil Murty: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Anil for walking us through that a little bit again. I'm sure a number of those items will get added to a pack and Engineering roadmap over time which continued track them and talk about them as I get bills, but very exciting things ahead for cloud. Most less console console 2.0.

Tyler Wright: Is there anything else that anybody wants to discuss that hasn't been discussed already?

Tyler Wright: again much appreciate the updates from Max from Anil from the human HQ team. I think we have a number of action items all around. I know that Luna is traveling right now going to work with Luna over next week to make sure to terraform is open source. And again announcement will come out there soon. Human HQ team will drop a comment in the discussion that they're created with some additional information. I'll add to that with again video from this Sid clients meeting.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: But yeah, I get much appreciated everyone's time and effort today. And then again, we'll talk over the next maybe 10 to 15 days about changing the Cadence. It sounds like nobody on this call currently has any issue with that said I again Mo most likely change the Cadence, but I'll reach out to a couple more folks and get some more input again much appreciative once time today in the update.

Bold Panther: But They said yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead pierced.

Bold Panther: I found the notification Bell that was submitted in the last of town. So this is the bill that is being created by I think Nicki Harper. So there's something like kind of notifications that we can. Think of using it and also each other anyways interested to contribute.

Tyler Wright: Yes, Feel free to reach out to ping me if you need any support there.

Tyler Wright: That's a great shout to that if anybody here or anybody listening to is called later the akashathon the hackathon is underway believe it ends in the middle of May. So there's still a number of weeks to get involved. I will drop the link to the hackathon in the chat and I'll drop in the notes for people. But again, it ends May 17th with over 200,000 in prices in akt, so I'll drop that link in but again much appreciated from time the updates today and we'll talk online again. No steering committee meeting tomorrow steering committee meeting has been moved to next Thursday May 2nd. There is also a planned Network upgrade. that's up for both right now that is scheduled for May 2nd pending that vote, but we'll just stay in tune online. And again, please feel free to look at the public roadmaps or get involved in Discord if you have any additional questions in between

Tyler Wright: Thank you all have a great rest of the day.

Bold Panther: And I would never buy.

Anil Murty: Thanks, sir.

Tyler Wright: Bye.

Maxime Beauchamp: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:34:04 ðŸ‘‹

