# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #19

## Agenda
- Introduction and purpose of the SIG Clients meeting.
- Updates on Akash Console 2.0 (Deployment and Provider Console).
- Updates on Akash network upgrades and migration to Cosmos SDK 47.
- Discussion on Terraform integrations and testing updates.
- Open floor for questions, discussions, and community contributions.


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, February 18, 2025
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://oeukk3oexur7cpv27f7ufog3ef3rnuitdvfgwgu3l3ghcyvrlaqa.arweave.net/cSilbcS9I_E-uvl_QrjbIXcW0RMdSmsam17McWKxWCA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Anil Murty
- Jigar Patel
- Deval Patel
- Damir Simpovic
- Fenil Modi
- Forbes Analos
- Joao Luna
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Rodri R
- Scott Carruthers
- Zeke Ezagui
- Boldpanther
- Other community members from the Akash ecosystem.

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- **Tyler Wright** welcomed participants and provided an overview of the meeting.
  - SIG Clients is now a bimonthly meeting to better manage participants' time.
  - Updates on the Akash Console, network upgrades, and client-related tools will be discussed.
  - Participants were encouraged to share updates and pain points.

### Akash Console 2.0 Updates
#### **Provider Console**
- **Anil Murty** provided an update on the new Akash Console for providers:
  - A new provider setup and management experience has been built.
  - A closed beta was conducted with select community members.
  - A pilot was run with two data centers that were new to Akash.
  - Based on feedback, improvements have been made, and a general availability (GA) release is expected soon.
  - Once GA is launched, current users of the Praetor app will be transitioned to the new Provider Console.
  - The Praetor app will be deprecated in about a month after ensuring a smooth transition.

#### **Deployment Console**
- Updates on the Deployment Console since the last meeting:
  - **New Deployments Page**: Enhanced workflows for different developer types (AWS EC2, Vercel/Netlify, container-native users).
  - **Storage Dashboard Enhancements**: Now displays both persistent and ephemeral storage.
  - **Deepseek AI Model Support**: Six new templates added for Deepseek deployment.
  - **Escrow Automatic Top-Up Feature**:
    - Available for managed wallet users (credit card payments).
    - Automatically tops up escrow balances to prevent deployment shutdowns.
  - **Upcoming Features**:
    - **Alerts and Notifications**: Users will be notified when their escrow balance drops below a threshold.
    - **More User-Friendly API**: Development of a simplified API for deployments, targeted at non-crypto developers.
    - **SDK 47 Migration**: Adjustments are being made to ensure compatibility with Cosmos SDK 47.

### Akash Network Upgrades and Cosmos SDK 47 Migration
- **Tyler Wright** provided an update on network upgrades:
  - A testnet is active for testing Cosmos SDK 47 functionality.
  - Phase two will introduce a sandbox environment for client developers.
  - A network upgrade before the SDK 47 migration was discussed in SIG Chain.
  - Developers should follow the product engineering board for milestones.

### Community Contributions and Discussions
#### **[Phase 2 Proposal for Deployment Pipeline Enhancements](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/770)**
- **Boldpanther** presented a proposal for Phase 2 of deployment pipeline enhancements:
  - Milestone 1 enabled direct GitHub deployments on Akash.
  - Current supported frameworks include React, Vue, Next.js, Angular, Ember, Gatsby, Astro, and more.
  - Phase 2 proposes expanding support to **Python, Go, Ruby, and CMS platforms**.
  - Community members were encouraged to review and provide feedback.

#### **Terraform Integrations**
- **Joao Luna** inquired about Terraform updates.
- **Tyler Wright** clarified that Terraform testing was being conducted in Testnet 5.
- The Terraform module is being prepared for post-SDK 47 deployment.

### Closing Remarks
- **Tyler Wright** thanked participants for their contributions.
- Encouraged everyone to track milestones in the console repo and join discussions.
- Noted that the next SIG Clients meeting will be in April 2025.
- Encouraged community members to stay engaged via Discord and the SIG Clients channel.

## Action Items
- **Community Members**:
  - Test new Akash Console 2.0 features and provide feedback.
  - Review and comment on the **Phase 2 Deployment Pipeline Proposal**.
  - Track updates related to **Terraform integration and Cosmos SDK 47 migration**.
- **Developers**:
  - Monitor Discord and GitHub for updates on **Cosmos SDK 47 and network upgrades**.
  - Participate in testnet activities and provide feedback on integration issues.
- **Akash Console Team**:
  - Finalize Provider Console for **general availability release**.
  - Improve **automatic escrow top-up feature** based on user feedback.
  - Develop **simplified APIs** for managed and non-managed wallets.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG clients. the date is February 18th, 2025. this SIG clients meets every other month as of recently to discuss everything that's client related on the AOSH network. this meeting used to meet more frequently but oftent times it was just members of the core engineering team giving updates on the Kosh console which they also do a great job of updating via project boards and also during steering committee meetings. so again just to manage everyone's time I know there are a number of other folks from the community that are working on things building different client related tools but getting them to participate in this meeting turned out to be quite challenging.

Tyler Wright: So again, we changed the cadence of the meeting to be a little bit less frequent. but again, I know there's a great deal of work that happens across a number of different efforts. so again, thank you to all those that have joined today. again, at our last SIG clients meeting, we got an update on console. we also got an update on some of the other efforts from the product team around clouds SDK. I know that we talked extensively in SIG chain and other meetings around Cosmos SDK and some of next steps there. So we won't talk anything about that here.

Tyler Wright: but again thank you to all those that have been participating in various test nets and helping to test various functionality as parts of the client are continuing to be updated as we get ready for the Cosmos SDK 47 migration.  But again, there's just a number of efforts from members of the core team on the client side as well as the community and helping us get there in terms of testing and getting ready for that Cosmos SDK47 migration. I know there's another again network upgrade that'll be happening prior to that that we talked about in SIG chain. So there's more updates on the core engineering product or project board.

Tyler Wright: All right. Usually as a part of this agenda, we get some updates from the team working on the Akash console. I know there's updates on both the deploy side as well as some pending updates on the new AOS console provider experience as a part of the console 2.0 efforts that anal often oftentimes talked about during this meeting. after that I did want to see if there's anybody here that want to talk about any other client related efforts that are Feel free to again drop a note in the chat. I know there's some Terraform related items and there's been some testing there as we get ready for again some network upgrades as well as some other efforts. So if anybody has anything else that they want to cover outside of just console 2.0

Tyler Wright: O efforts. feel free to drop them in the chat and then we can have it as an agenda item following an update on the console 2.0 All right. again, we usually get updates from Anneil. I know there's a number of other people on the call that have been working on some stuff. So, I'll quickly hand it over to Anneil who again did a great job of, describing console 2.0 a number of months back. And since then again a great deal of work has been done on the deploy side as well as the provider experience through cash console. So I know there's a number of updates that you maybe want to hand over to some other members of the team who have been working on some of these things.

Anil Murty: Yeah, can you hear me? Okay, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Yes, hear you very

Anil Murty: Okay, Thank Hey, everybody. So, we'll start with provider console. So, as many of you might know, Jigger and Dave and few of us on the core team have been working on building a new loyment provider setup in management experience that we're calling a cash console for providers.  And so that thing is at a point where we think it's ready for gender availability. And so there's kind of three things that have happened or are happening on that front. Number one, we've been running a closed beta with several members of the community for the last several weeks and thanks to everybody that participated in that and provided us feedback. there's been a lot of issues that have come out of that that the team has been working on.

Anil Murty: subsequent to that we have two or three provider customers that are data centers that have never never set up a provider on Akash So over the last week or two we've been running a pilot with one of them. and again these are people that have never used Akash or are not familiar with how it works or how provider works. And so it's basically completely fresh eyes going through the experience.  And so we've gotten a bunch of new feedback from that experience as well. And there's a bunch of issues created around that. But overall, we're tracking pretty well to be able to make this week. And so you'll see our Caesar marketing announcements go out about the availability of provider console.


### 00:05:00

Anil Murty: Once that is GA and once we have gone to these two or three brand new data centers using it then we will work towards making sure that everybody that is using the Ptor app today is comfortable with using provider console and we'll plan for that over the next approximately one month or so and assuming that there's no issues in people transitioning over to using provider console we will plan for an end of life of predator

Anil Murty: app. So that's the general updates on that. I'll see if they're on the call want to add anything else to that.

Jigar Patel: I think you have some raised to well on it. Thanks.

Anil Murty: Any questions on the provider console before we talk about deploy console? Okay, take that as a no. So, on the deployment side, I actually don't remember when was the last time we had this call. Probably before the new year. so yeah, since then there's been a bunch of updates to the deployment console as well.

Anil Murty: I can't recall if we had a call after we pushed the new deployments page but one of the things that we did probably towards the end of last year was introduce the new deployments page where there is clearly defined workflows for different developer types whether it's somebody coming from a AWS CC2 type instance and wants to get a experience or somebody coming from a tool like Versel or Netlify and wants to be able to have  his their code automatically get created and deployed onto Akash or somebody that is container native. All of those people have an experience with console now. and so that was one of the first things that came out maybe going back to two months ago and then subsequent to that there's been a bunch of updates. I'll try to remember all of them but I might be missing some.

Anil Murty: But yeah, one of the things we added was the storage chart that shows up dashboard inside deployment console that now shows both persistent and ephemeral storage. before it used to only show ephemeral storage. So when that's an update that went through. we added templates for the deepseek model probably a day or two after the model was released, the open source model.  So there's I think six templates in console that show up now for deepseek including one that is featured in the new deployments page. and then we also added a new feature called escrow automatic topup. So I talked about this I think in the last six clients where I said there's kind of two points that there's one main pain point that customers have today which is deployments closing because they run out of escro funds.

Anil Murty: And so we're solving that one of two ways. for people that are using a managed wallet, meaning somebody that is using a credit card to pay for deployments, they now have a feature called automatic topup where after you create a deployment, you can toggle on this UI toggle that says automatic topup.  And what that does underneath is it basically run there's a job that runs in the background that goes and checks all the deployments that have this feature enabled and if there is a deployment that has it enabled that it tops up the escro balance every hour. so that's been out for a couple of weeks now. We have gotten some feedback from early customers that have used it and there's a couple of improvements that we can make to it that we're going to work on.

Anil Murty: but that's a pretty significant feature. for the users that do not use credit cards basically their own wallet. as well as for people that use credit cards, we're going to work on another feature called alerts, which is basically getting alerted when your escro balance drops below a certain value. and so that's one of the upcoming features I'll work on related to this problem that customers have. but before we get to alerts the other thing that the team is working on is basically building easy to use API for credit card users. So we have an SDK today called Akash JS but that SDK is geared towards primary people that understand not just crypto and blockchain but specifically Cosmos SDK.


### 00:10:00

Anil Murty: and so one of the requests we have gotten from non-crypto customers is having a more friendly API where there's just a simple endpoint for creating a deployment for closing a deployment and for updating a deployment and so Max has been leading the effort to basically create more friendly APIs for that and then this coincides with some of the other work that other folks on the team are doing  for implementing the changes necessary for migrating to SDK47 that the core team has been working on. So those two things are going to merge together and we're going to have a new API for managed wallets as well as for non managed wallets. so that's the next big thing that's going to come out.

Anil Murty: And then subsequent to that, we're going to look at alerts and notifications as well as some improvements to overall UIUX for various things like being able to show people more contextual help improving the onboarding experience and then also being able to see what new features came out within the product itself.  So, some of the things coming up there. Max, I don't know if you want to add anything more to what I said.

Maxime Beauchamp: No this will resume.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Anal there's a question in the chat from Luna around is it focus on JavaScript only? for now I think that perfect and then I'll put her answer JavaScript and go away. any other questions on anything that Anneil has talked about as it pertains to deploy side of the couch console?

Tyler Wright: Thank again, there's been just a number of updates that have been going appreciate everybody that gives feedback inside Discord, inside the console channel. and helps, again, if anybody has any Again, issues for console live inside the console repo. And I know the team does a great job of u making responding to those, leaving comments and solving them. Max did just put in which also lives inside the console repo a link to milestones where you can track a number of the efforts that the product team has outlined over the next couple of quarters on efforts that they're going to be working on.

Tyler Wright: Again, I know this is a running list that always gets updated, but I know that the group spent some time drawing out milestones for again console experience over the next couple of months, and we'll continue to execute on these. Thank you, Max, for dropping in that link. Again, thank you, Anneil, for the update. Any other questions for anal or anything related to console 2.0  know before we move on with other agenda items. All right. Again, I know that there are other folks that are building client solutions on Akos. some of them closed source. again, they've been in and out of the community.

Tyler Wright: We try to offer them a platform to talk to again other members of the community that are thinking about these kinds of problems and talk in an open framework and have open discussions around some of these things. Does anyone have any other client related items or updates that they wanted to share with the group at this time?

Tyler Wright: Go ahead Panther. Yes, I can hear you very

boldpanther: Yes. Hey everyone.

boldpanther: I hope everyone is doing well. So am I audible? Yeah. So I'm dropping a link to the phase 2 discussions that I proposed. So as we all know there are some updates going on over console regarding the deployment side.  So one of the update was about the pipeline that allows users to deploy application directly from GitHub onto Akash reducing the friction. So we had this milestone one proposal which if you see this proposal if you go to the top you can see what are the frameworks that are supported in the current phase.


### 00:15:00

boldpanther: So you can see react view nextJS angular amber gets spy next estro and others and in this is our phase two proposal where we are proposing to add some more support around some demanding languages like Python, Go, Ruby and CMS. So this is something that we want to do and we have proposed and the discussion is open to everyone to comment.  So I'm just hoping around to have any feed. If anyone of you have any feedbacks, you can just go through this proposal and drop your feedbacks. Some of the feedback that we have received so far is to remove the documentation component that we can probably assign to the community especially around creating the videos and how to use this pipeline and stuff. So we'll be doing that.

boldpanther: Besides that, if you have any more feedback or any requests about the new languages that we can feel free to go over the proposal and comments your thoughts. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, B Panther. Again, I've got the proposal shared on screen. and again, you've dropped a link to discussion 770 in the chat. So again, if anybody has any feedback, thoughts, support, questions, please feel free to drop them inside the discussion and we can continue to push this forward. Thank you.

boldpanther: Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Any other updates from anybody that's working on specific clients or any other questions for anybody around console or any other active clients that are being used. Cool.

Tyler Wright: If not then again much appreciate the updates from Anneil and others around console 2.0 efforts. Again you can track the milestones in the console repo which has been linked by Maxine and I'll make sure it's in the notes for anybody that's listening later. again, thank you to Bold Panther for following up on the discussion that you put forth following around phase two discussion 770. Again, please get involved. Anybody listening onto this call right now, anybody listening later, please get involved in again community based efforts, contributions from the community, make your opinion heard so that we can again more efficiently push some of these efforts forward.

Tyler Wright: All right, y'all. If nothing else, then please look out for continued updates inside the client and pro product engineering board. again, you can follow updates there on specific projects. You can track milestones related to some of these efforts as well as it look out for some announcements coming soon as it pertains to provider console.  Thank you to everybody that helped tested it. and again, appreciate everyone's time here today. and we'll stay connected between meetings. And thank you to those that are listening in to this call later. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Again, we'll keep this at an every other month cadence. If anybody has any questions or comments, feel free to drop them in Discord. and then we can go from there. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: Yeah, sorry. Very quick question. you mentioned terraform at the beginning of the meeting.

Joao Luna: Was it like a mistake or were there any new updates regarding theirform?

Tyler Wright: No, no.

Tyler Wright: I was talking about some of the work that you had been doing testing in test net 5 as we get ready for the Cosmos SDK47 upgrade.

Joao Luna: Got it.

Tyler Wright: No,â€¦

Joao Luna: Got it. Okay.

Tyler Wright: no other updates, but I know that you're getting it ready for and again, we have an intermediate update upgrade that we've talked about in SIG chain, but I know that you're preparing the Terraform pool for post postcard 47 life. Sorry, my brain is a little today. All right, all. again, appreciate everyone's time. thank you for all the updates. We'll stay connected in Discord and just follow up on anything.

Tyler Wright: at the next meeting which should be in April. hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you again for the participation. Talk soon. Bye-bye.

boldpanther: Thank you all. Have a good day. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:22:18 ðŸ‘‹

