# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Console updates: recent feature developments and roadmap highlights
- Discussion on the status and future of GitHub deployment CI/CD pipeline (Phase 2)
- Terraform and documentation-related updates
- Community feedback and planning next steps for the Human HQ proposal

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, April 15, 2025 
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Jigar Patel
- Joao Luna
- B S
- Adam Wozney
- Chaitanya Rai
- Julius Haus
- Rodri R
- Boldpanther

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks
- Tyler Wright welcomed participants and introduced the meeting's focus on client tools and console development
- Noted that updates can be tracked via GitHub milestone boards and the console repo
- Mentioned that provider-specific updates will be covered in the upcoming SIG Providers meeting

### Console Updates
- Maxime Beauchamp shared highlights from the console development team
  - Managed Wallet API is near completion and undergoing testing with selected users
  - [JWT authentication](https://github.com/akash-network/AEP/tree/main/spec/aep-64) (AEP 64) is being built to improve deployment experiences with providers
  - Alert infrastructure is in development to notify users about wallet and deployment balances
  - Chain SDK for TypeScript/JavaScript is in progress, pending Cosmos SDK 47 deployment
  - Internal improvements include better test coverage and infrastructure scalability
- Emphasis placed on tracking all milestones and updates in the [console GitHub repo](https://github.com/akash-network/console/milestones)

### Terraform Updates
- Joao Luna continues maintaining the Terraform provider
- No major updates currently due to dependency on Cosmos SDK 47 implementation

### GitHub CI/CD Deployment Pipeline [Phase 2 Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/846)
- Boldpanther discussed the Human HQ GitHub deployment initiative
  - Phase 1, completed in December 2024, supports JavaScript frameworks for GitHub-to-Akash deployments
  - Phase 2 proposes adding support for Python, Go, Ruby, and WordPress (CMS)
  - Plans include documentation, tutorials, and workflow templates for easier deployment
  - Emphasized that competitors offer similar GitHub CI/CD workflows, especially for AI use cases

### Community Feedback and Next Steps
- Tyler Wright and Rodri R noted low awareness of the feature as a challenge
- Participants suggested better documentation and promotion to drive adoption
- B S mentioned interest from NetA DAO as potential users
- Boldpanther committed to:
  - Publishing official documentation
  - Gathering user testimonials and usage analytics
  - Presenting the updated proposal at Akash Insiders Office Hours
  - Reviewing the budget and feature prioritization before moving the proposal on-chain

### Closing Remarks
- Tyler Wright encouraged more promotion of Phase 1 to gather community traction
- Recommended documentation updates and community engagement to validate Phase 2
- Invited the community to test the GitHub workflow and provide feedback in Discord and GitHub
- Thanked contributors, including the console team and Human HQ, for their work
- Noted that the next SIG Clients meeting will take place in two months

## Action Items
- Human HQ / Boldpanther:
  - Add Phase 1 documentation to the Akash Docs site
  - Present Phase 2 during Akash Insiders Office Hours
  - Collect analytics and feedback on Phase 1 usage
  - Finalize and refine the Phase 2 proposal and budget
- Akash Insiders:
  - Promote the GitHub CI/CD feature to the community
  - Engage in feedback discussions for the proposal
- Developers and Community:
  - Try the GitHub deployment workflow on console
  - Share testimonials and feature suggestions
- Console Team:
  - Continue work on Managed Wallet API, alerts, and chain SDK
  - Maintain updates through GitHub milestones


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG clients by monthly meeting. the SIG clients group gets together every other month to discuss all things related to Akos clients. historically this group has been around some of the efforts by Cloudmos now Akos Console and some other clients that were being built on top of AOS. currently again on a bimonthly basis we get updates from the console team on all things that are happening around Akash console. You can also track many of these efforts in a number of places.

Tyler Wright: There's a projects board that the console team keeps quite up to date with various issues that are in progress and otherwise as well as inside of the console repo there are a number of milestones inside the issues section that I'll display here for folks to see as well as I'll drop in the chat where again you can track

Tyler Wright: some of the bigger events and milestones happening across the console you can track again this covers both the provider console experience as well as the deployment side of AOS console there's timelines you can track various sub issues inside theirs and see when these items are done so again I know that there's a number of things that have happened over the last couple of months I will pass it over to I think Max B who just joined to give us update. all things related to provider console usually happen during the SIG providers meeting. That meeting is going to be happening next week, Wednesday. there might be some time changes. So I'll make sure that the schedule is properly affected. If anybody wants to be added to the SIG providers meeting for next week, please drop a note in the chat. I'll make sure that your email is directly added to that meeting.

Tyler Wright: if you want to be directly added to this meeting as well, feel free to reach out to myself or anybody from the Akash Insiders to make sure that you get added as an invite. again, all these meetings can be found on the Akos network website on the development tab. there's a calendar that folks can track all the various SIGs and working groups. One other agenda item that we will discuss today. thank you to Bold Panther for joining us. they finished I think phase one of simplifying the deployments on Akos and a bristal experience.

Tyler Wright: I think maybe three months ago or maybe a little bit more so at this point at this they followed up with a phase two discussion. I think they did an initial draft discussion that got some feedback as well as now they're going into a final draft. I just want to see if there's anybody that has any thoughts or feedback for them before again a tech next step.  So that'll be another agenda item that we will discuss today during SIG clients. There's any other client related efforts that anybody wants to feel free to drop it in the chat and then we can make sure that they get covered as a part of the agenda here today. Cool.

Tyler Wright: While folks are adding some potential agenda items, I'll hand it back over to Max B to just give us a highlevel kind of update on all the things that maybe have been going on as it pertains to console over the last couple of months. I think we last met in midFebruary and now it's April 15.  So I know there's been a lot going on in terms of console everything from manage wilds API to some of the items with indexer to just the deployment console experience.  So, Max B, don't feel like you need to go in detail because again, folks can track some of these items via the milestones or some of the issues inside the console repo, but just want to see if there's anything over the last couple of months that you want to highlight as it pertains to, some of the big wins for our Kash console.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah, Thanks, you said, most if not all the major projects that we're working on are in the milestones section of the console repo. And we're really putting a lot of effort into tracking everything there. So that's very visible of the progress that we're making on all these projects.  But the main ones are the manage wallet API which is very much under way almost completed for most of the features and we're testing with some real customers right now which are very happy to have access to this now and we're making adjustments based on the customer feedback and we're going to continue


### 00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: working on that because of the upcoming feature of JWT authentication with providers which it's a 64 where it's a new way of authenticating with providers which will make it much easier to create deployments with using the manage wallet API. we also currently work on adding alerts to console for deployment balance or wallet balance or any other alerts that we will implement in the future. We're creating that infrastructure right now to support that.

Maxime Beauchamp: we're also doing a lot of work on chain SDK which will be the new library or toolkit to integrate with a cache using TypeScript or JavaScript. this will be delayed until the SDK47 is implemented on chain, but otherwise we're doing most of the work that we can do right now, adding tests and making sure it works before that gets released in a couple monthsish.

Maxime Beauchamp: we're also doing a lot of work internally to improve our infrastructure for scalability and maintainability. We're adding tests and make sure that things that we produce or features that we add or fix are not broken after some other fixes or  So that'll help for the stability of the product which we've done a lot in the past weeks. So that kind of sums up the big developments. We did a lot of bug fixes and just improvements in general that just make the product better in general for better quality of life.

Maxime Beauchamp: That's it for me.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much Maxby speak. again there's just a number of efforts that are going on across console. Again we get updates related to all the things going on from provider console from Jigger and Deval on a monthly basis. because again there's a number of folks that have talked about building clients and experiences on top of AOS but I think many of those are a cash console is the most used and the only open source way that I know of to deploy from a guey tool.

Tyler Wright: so it's really really impressive with all the work that Max Buro and the rest of the console team have been doing over the last few months. and again they've really been working on trying to make it easily trackable for all the things that are happening.  So folks can ask questions and if folks have any issues or anything that comes about they can use a console repo to drop an issue in there and then again track development from the product and engineering team that are working on some of these items. So big shout out to the entire console team for all their work.

Tyler Wright: does anyone have any specific questions around any of the items that are being tracked in terms of milestones whether it manage wallets alerts or some of these other items? Cool. I know Max talked about some work that's happening around JWT. this will be discussed I think a little bit further during SIG chain as as well as SIG providers because it affects providers as well. So this is something the core engineering team has been working on since the last network upgrade to continue to optimize and improve the experience on AOS. there'll be a number this will affect console as well as a number of other parts of the codebase.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: I'm going to drop in again access to that AAP 64 that Max B mentioned and all this can be tracked on the Akash network github but I'll drop in links for notes and for those that I'll be again looking at this later any questions about console related updates  or anything that Max may have mentioned. All right, I'm dropping in again. just a little bit more information about the 864. All right. I know Luna's on the call.

Tyler Wright: again, I think it's been mentioned that Luna has joined the core team as a core engineer working on a number of items both on the back end and front end experience. He's still managing and maintaining the Terraform provider and all the work around Terraform.  I think right now that work is continuing to be maintained. and again there will be some more changes that will be happening once COS SDK 47 is in the testing phases. and obviously following the release, but being that that effort is blocked right now. I'm not sure that there's major updates in terms of Terraform at this time, but again this is a place to talk about Terraform as well as the SIG providers call if need be.

Tyler Wright: so if anybody has any questions, there's also a Discord channel, I believe, for folks that want to talk about it All right. if there's nothing there, then again, I do want to move on to having a follow-up discussion around the work from Human HQ.  a B panther. again, I just want to take this time. I think there was an initial draft discussion that went out some time ago and there was some feedback that Ax B Panther and his team took and revise their proposal. I think the next steps are to put this on chain for a vote.

Tyler Wright: So again, I just wanted to see if there was any feedback, questions. B Panther, I'll hand it over to you to maybe talk one or two minutes about what phase two entails andâ€¦

boldpanther: So first of all,â€¦

Tyler Wright: and why you think it's the right time for phase 2 to be implemented. And then from there we'll see if there's any questions, comments or concerns from this group right here.

boldpanther: thank you for inviting us to join this call.  So this is Panther and I have proposed the CI/CD workflow that allows users to deploy their application directly from GitHub onto the Akash network and I think at the end of December 2024 we kind of completed the phase one which almost supported most of the JavaScript frameworks which allows users to deploy that from GitHub.  So then at the end of Jan we proposed the phase two just around 22nd Janu blog was posted with explanations of different workflows that exist on the console and one of the workflow was the GitHub deploy pipeline that we developed.

boldpanther: So if you want to explore more about this workflow, how this works and highle overview feel free to go through the blog that I shared in the chat. And the second thing is in this space too we are kind of targeting to add more supports with possible guidelines for the community to expand it further once we complete the phase two.  Of course this will require some good knowledge around shell scripting DevOps practices front end etc. But there will be the technical documentations that will develop as a result of this phase. So in this phase we are proposing to add some popular languages support like the Python, Go, Ruby and for the CMS we are proposing WordPress which can be expanded to the other if required.


### 00:15:00

boldpanther: so why we are doing this there's a clear demand for such things for example if you take a direct example of some competitors that exist in the market they have these kind of feature which allows developers to deploy their applications directly from GitHub especially when it comes to the AI applications most of the applications are developed in Python and user prefer to deploy  directly from GitHub. So I won't be name I mean it but there are direct competitors to a network which are already doing it. So in the draft proposal that we posted at the end of Jan we had the proposals we had the feedback from multiple committee members around budget and the proper breakdown and the proper explanations of each and every feature.

boldpanther: So we took and kind of took that feedback to refine the final proposal where we reduced the budget. Plus we also try to explain each and every aspect of all the frameworks that we are proposing to add in the space. So that's pretty much from my side. if there is any feedbacks or question from anyone of you feel free to ask us. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much, Bold Panther. yeah, I know that the budget has been updated. Again, you can find access to where this feature kind of lives. If you go to console right now andâ€¦

boldpanther: Great. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: you go to deploy area, I'll share this tab. this build and deploy kind of section is how you get started in using again this feature created by the human HQ team and brought to the AOS console again via phase one. my initial questions as I was trying to get other people to give feedback. I was trying to gather some data. I know the phase one feature has only been live for I guess four months at this point.

Tyler Wright: I was trying to better understand how folks were using phase one, if there was a lot of demand being driven for phase one and if this execution of phase two around go and some of the other languages WordPress as another again CM or content management platform if these were the right avenues I was hoping that there be some folks on the  Paul that have currently used this build and deploy pool created in phase one and had any necessary feedback on some of these additions for phase two and a vote for vote against some of these next steps.

Tyler Wright: has anybody here had the time to use this feature or I know that there's a number of Akash insiders on the call slash may be listening to this later.  I wanted to see if there's been some demand for this kind of user workflow on Akos and if folks have been driving people to this kind of build and deploy experience via GitHub and if there's been any feedback from members of the Akos community. Okay.

Tyler Wright: I know there's been an accompanying blog. Again, there's been effort to track some analytics and I think again at this point there's not that much on the analytic side in terms of traction after four months.  But again, I just wanted to see if there was anybody here or if there's any conversation in the community around usage of this automatic deployment and CD template. All right, that's all right.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: yeah I'm of the thought and again I'm just of one opinion but my hope is to before we move forward with phase two make sure that phase two properly outlines the key feature additions that folks in the community are looking for. maybe that means we need to do a better job of making sure that folks are aware of this kind of workflow in phase one and how easy it is to deploy on Akos via GitHub. But Is there any feedback from anyone here on this call around again traction of this kind of feature? Go ahead Rodri.

Rodri R: No. I mean, it sounds useful and everything. I haven't tested it, but I think maybe not many people know about it, so we need to promote it more. yeah, I haven't remember many questions about this in Discord. So, yeah, I think people just don't know about it yet, but does sound useful.  Redempt her.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I see BS put a message in the chat. I know this is something that NetA team were wanting to deploy from GitHub to Akos, but he doesn't know if there's feedback at the moment. He'll ask and see if they can test. but again I think metadow team is a perfect example especially during the initial phases before phase one of the kind of core audience that maybe would benefit from this kind of feature on Akos that andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: again that bold panther has rightfully said kind of exists on some other centralized and decentralized cloud computing platforms.

boldpanther: so yeah so I'll take it from here so the thing is sometimesâ€¦

boldpanther: what happen so the number one thing is I'll  try to highlight some of the comments. So I remember responding to some comments of the community around this feature. So I'll try to find them and screenshot them as potential testimials and comment under the proposal. The second thing is I see that there might be some issues in the budget.  So we'll see where can they reduce or what feature can be prioritized in this phase before going onchain. So this is something that I'm taking as a feedback from this call. So yeah that's something plus I'll try to respond with some I'll try to fetch the analytics from the kash console so we can have some idea.

boldpanther: But lastly I want to say that such features that reduces the friction to deploy anything on a kach in longterm they enhances basically the utility of the network which reduces the friction to get started with a kach.  So that was the initial plan when we kind of built the first phase that involved the JavaScript frameworks and now we are proposing to expand it to other frameworks like Python, Go which are a very popular languages when it comes to building the AI based applications. So yeah that's my thought and the motivation behind this proposal. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, B Panther. one question I have to you and this might just because I haven't looked at it recently, but is phase one the CD template experience is this documented in the Akash network documentation?  So is this a path that users can follow from the documentation if they want to deploy via GitHub onto Akos currently? Okay.

boldpanther: I don't think it's there in the documentations yet.

Tyler Wright: No, the reason why I ask is because again I am of the belief that this kind of feature andâ€¦

Rodri R: Test.

Tyler Wright: just as a general rule of thumb ease the barrier of folks trying to deploy on a cash is always a goal. I think that's one of the biggest goals of this sig client. so from that standpoint I'm a firm believer in this feature. I know that again B Panther you and the human HQ team did a great job and was very followed up and was very transparent during phase one. I know that you all have been transparent and have been responsive on a number of occasions as it pertains to the Kosh network website as well as just the entire website revamp.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: So, from a track record standpoint, I think that B Panther and the human hq team has a decent track record within their kosh community.  I think my hesitation is just around timing for this feature and should we be doing some stuff differently around supporting and getting more traction around phase one and then from there being able to determine what phase two looks like. again, I really like the idea around making it more accessible for other teams besides human HQ team, besides the core team to be able to add elements to this kind of experience. But again, the human HQ team has shown a great job of being able to deliver things on time and be transparent about it. So, I have no problem with both Panther H and Human HQ team continuing to work on the console.

Tyler Wright: It's just about is this do we need to do a better job? Do the insiders need to be more up to speed on capabilities and be offering this as a potential solution for folks and then get some more traction and see kind of what people are looking for and what's missing currently. Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: Yeah. I don't think I've seen this in the official docs yet. I think maybe having something to guide users or whoever reads the ducks and us would definitely help and then we can share it in Discord and we'll get more users to use it. but yeah,â€¦

boldpanther: Thank you.

Rodri R: cuz I don't really know where to start, but yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Bull Panther.

Rodri R: I mean some docs,â€¦

Tyler Wright: I don't Yeah.

Rodri R: some instruction to start testing it.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I think there's some marching orders out of this meeting that Luna and I think the NetA team are going to put this through the paces hopefully in the next couple of days because I do know that Human HQ team wants to push this proposal forward and I also want to push this proposal forward one way or the other. I know that B Panther is going to take some feedback from this call as well as get some more testimonials and feedback. I was wondering and maybe this week because I know it's late in the evening for Bull Panther even now.

Tyler Wright: So I appreciate you making yourself available now but even on Thursday but it'd be great B panther because you are an Akash insider to maybe present this at the Akash insiders office hours so that more insiders can ask questions and start to push this to the community. I would also say it might be great to have somebody documentation that gets added to OS console. and so I think between the blog that you've already shared here in the chat as well as again documentation updates as well as just more insiders saying hey have you tried this hey do you have a GitHub do you here's an easy way you want to deploy a website you're using word or again you're using GitHub try this way what could make this better folks are like I have a

Tyler Wright: WordPress website. and it would be easier for me if this was more geared toward my needs. Then again, it's another testimonial for this phase two that we want to get underway. So, those will be my thoughts in terms of next steps for this week with the hope and goal that we can continue to try to push this forward rather quickly beyond that.

boldpanther: My thought I'll add document

Tyler Wright: Is that fair next steps or does anyone else have any other feedback for me for Bold Panther at this time? B Panther, what about you? Do you have Any thoughts? Any other things that you want to mention in terms of yeah, what you think makes the most sense?

boldpanther: mentations to the dark side so the users can find out but my final thoughts it's just the motivation to reduce the friction to get started with the cash and with that motivation only we propose this proposal but at the end it's on the community to decide whether to move forward with it or not so we'll probably do whatever it takes within next week and present the solutions and do the comments and if it sounds good to the community and the community  That's it. They can approve it or else it's fine. Thanks.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Again, I'll make sure another note is dropped in various channels. and again, for those that are watching this recording later, please make your opinion heard inside the discussion. look for some followup inside the sick clients discord channel and we'll look to track this with a lot of momentum over the next five to seven days. so that again this is something that I want the community to focus on and give feedback, testimonials for most of support whatever over the next five to seven days. So insiders push on other insiders to try to share this with the community and then look out for some other updates from P and others or excuse me Panther and others.

Tyler Wright: All I just want to see if there's anything else on the client side that anybody wanted to discuss while we have some time. If not then again please look out for updates in terms of console. Again, you can track everything related to the sh console. and in the console repo in the Kosh network organization andâ€¦

boldpanther: I don't know.

Tyler Wright: GitHub, again, there's a number of milestones you can track. Everything related to the provider console experience we talk about on a monthly basis during SIG providers.

Tyler Wright: We will be having again some updates from Jigger and Devolve next week at SIG providers as well as a discussion from a team that's working on are potentially working on TE trusted execution environments on So again there's a discussion that just went up today around that and that team will look to present a demo at sick providers next week.  So feel free to join that meeting next Wednesday. If there's nothing else at this point then again I will let you all go and thank you to for participation. The human and the bold panther thank you very much for giving us some additional time to the community on phase two of your proposal.

Tyler Wright: Much appreciate Max B for taking some time out of his busy day to give some updates on the Kosh console.

Tyler Wright: And again, we'll see you again in two months. and if anybody has any questions, feel free to drop them in SIG clients discord channel and we'll answer them async from there. But hope everyone has a great rest of their day. thank you everybody. Bye-bye.

boldpanther: Thank you.

boldpanther: Have a good day.


### Meeting ended after 00:35:11 ðŸ‘‹

