# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #22

## Agenda

* Updates on Akash Console features and upcoming improvements.
* Discussion of chain upgrade and its impact on client features.
* Review of new billing and wallet management functionality.
* Preview of upcoming testnet and client onboarding flow improvements.
* Community updates including Terraform contributions and Akash Insiders program.


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, August 19th, 2025
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://a535ixxee7aawvf56fpelhgpl25gurmqwrw3akn6l2ef2f3v2qjq.arweave.net/B3fUXuQnwAtUvfFeRZzPXrpqRZC0bbApvl6IXRd11BM)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Tyler Wright 
* Maxime Beauchamp 
* Chinedu Nwadike
* Fenil Modi
* Joshua Meyer
* Rodri R

## Meeting Notes

* **Opening Remarks (Tyler Wright)**

  * Welcomed participants to the bi-monthly SIG Clients meeting.
  * Highlighted that the group discusses all things client-related on Akash, including console, chat, and other open-source or external clients.
  * Mentioned availability of previous meeting notes and updates in the SIG Clients GitHub repository.
  * Called for any additional agenda items before handing over to Max for console updates.

* **Console Updates (Maxime Beauchamp)**

  * Shared ongoing work on features to be released gradually in the coming weeks.
  * Noted several features dependent on the upcoming chain upgrade, expected within the next 1â€“2 months.
  * Detailed the **new onboarding process for managed wallets**, designed to significantly improve UX for new users; mostly complete and awaiting chain upgrade features.
  * Highlighted **manage wallet API improvements** with JWT implementation; work is complete but awaiting chain upgrade for release.
  * Announced development of a **log forwarding feature** to integrate container logs with third-party services like Datadog; expected first version soon.
  * Confirmed release of the **billing module**:

    * Users can now track total spending on cloud resources.
    * Ability to view number of transactions for cloud credit purchases.
    * Accessible in console settings under the billing section.
  * Discussed **auto top-up feature for escrow balances** (already live) and upcoming **auto reload from credit cards**, expected within 1â€“2 months.
  * Noted work on **improving notifications** for user accounts and deployments (e.g., deployment closures, provider maintenance updates).
  * Encouraged participants to follow progress via GitHub milestones and issues.

* **Additional Context (Tyler Wright)**

  * Reinforced importance of onboarding flow improvements, currently blocked by core engineering but expected as part of the upcoming testnet.
  * Shared that customers will be testing integrations (including managed wallets) during testnet ahead of the network upgrade.
  * Highlighted new blogs from Annil (Product, Overclock Labs) detailing recently launched features; encouraged community to read and engage.
  * Mentioned community contributions such as **Lunaâ€™s work on Terraform** and invited participation.
  * Pointed to **Akash Insiders program**, encouraging developers to join and contribute to ongoing Akash Chat API efforts.

* **Closing Remarks**

  * Next SIG Clients meeting scheduled for October, likely after the network upgrade.
  * Suggested participants use support calls and GitHub console repo for issue tracking and transparency between meetings.
  * Encouraged continued community involvement through Discord, Insiders chat, and GitHub repos.


## Action Items

* **Console Team (Maxime Beauchamp):**

  * Finalize onboarding flow and wallet API improvements once chain upgrade is live.
  * Complete and release Datadog log forwarding feature in coming weeks.
  * Implement auto reload from credit cards for escrow balances.
  * Improve user notification system for deployments and provider events.

* **Community Members:**

  * Engage with Terraform contributions initiated by Luna.
  * Explore joining the Akash Insiders program and contribute to Akash Chat API efforts.
  * Test console and managed wallet features on the upcoming testnet.
  * Review Annilâ€™s product blogs for feature details and updates.

* **Tyler Wright:**

  * Share GitHub repo links and ensure meeting notes are posted.
  * Coordinate with core engineering on timing of chain upgrade and unblock onboarding improvements.
  * Continue promoting resources and blogs to the community.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG clients by monthly. it's Tuesday, August 19th, 2025. During the special interest group for clients, the group gets together to talk about all things related to clients on Akos. originally this started as a conversation with the Cloudmos team Max and Max and since then it has evolved into conversations around a number of different clients some open source some not to talk about all updates across again many of the client ecosystem as we usually do we get an update from

Tyler Wright: Max from the console team to talk about all things related to the AOS console. but again, if there's anybody else that has any other questions related to client that they want to make sure about, I think we usually talk about AOS chat related items here and some other clients that have come through at past meetings. but if anybody has anything they want to add to the agenda, feel free to drop it in chat. I'll make sure that it gets discussed. before I hand it over to Max, again, I'll drop in the SIG clients GitHub repo. just for anybody that's wants to track along on previous meetings and all that goes on. Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright: if there's nothing specific again at our last meeting we talked about the chain SDK which again we'll talk about a little bit more as we get ready for that network upgrade. we talked about the network upgrade in great detail during SIG chain earlier today. but we also talked about console updates.  So without further ado, I'll hand it over to Max to give us all things that have been going on related to console and maybe some things to look forward to.

Maxime Beauchamp: Thanks we've been working again it's a continuation I guess of what I mentioned in the previous meeting. we've been working on a bunch of features that are going to be released gradually in the next coming weeks.  There's a bunch of features that are waiting for the coming chain upgrade which is also coming in the near future. there's no solid date yet, but it's coming definitely in the next month or two.

Maxime Beauchamp: And one of those features is the new onboarding process that will significantly improve the UX for new users coming on manage wallets. most of it is already done and ready to go. We're just waiting on a feature that will be unlocked in the chain upgrade.  We might release it soon because we're thinking about other solutions but yeah that is definitely mostly done. we are also working mostly also done for the improvements on the manage wallet API which uses the JWT implementation which is also done but waiting for the chain upgrade to happen as well.

Maxime Beauchamp: we also work on a new feature that will make it possible to forward your container logs to a third party service like data dog. that will most likely be feature complete or at least the first version of it in the coming weeks. what else?

Maxime Beauchamp: there's a bunch of features that we release the billing module which now with the manage wallets and when I say manage wallets yeah there's a lot of blogs that are being released currently featuring these new features but the one that I'm talking about precisely is for the manage wallets you can now track how much

Maxime Beauchamp: have spent over time on cloud resources and how many transactions you've made to buy cloud credits on a cash which is something that I really was looking forward to for a long time because it's very essential for any users that want to track how much they spend on a cash which makes a lot of sense and this is out now  So, if you want to test out, just go into your settings. You can hover your user and click on on billing, and you'll see how much you spent.


### 00:05:00

Maxime Beauchamp: we're also going to work soon on because I think I mentioned that the previous meeting we released auto topup for your escrow balance on each deployment. the next feature in that suite will be to auto reload from your credit card directly.  So you don't have to manually add credits when your balance is low, which has been one of the concerns of a few users that we have. And that's coming up probably in the next month or two as well. What else?

Maxime Beauchamp: Maybe I'm missing something, but this is mostly what we're also working on improving notifications to users about certain events that are happening related to your accounts like for example when a deployment closes or other notifications that the user will be able to configure to be notified about stuff that you care about your deployments or

Maxime Beauchamp: your account in general. And also if you are interested in a specific provider will also be able to be notified about if a provider is going through a maintenance or went offline or whatever reason. I think that sums it up. Maybe I missed something again.  There's always the milestones link to the GitHub where in the GitHub issues there's a milestone tab that we regularly update with all the things that we're working on. So yeah, feel free to jump in that and jump into any issue.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you very much, Max. I know one other thing that just pass on chain that console team is going to be working on in the future I think Max alluded to was continuing to improve the onboarding flow for folks that are using console. so there's something that's kind of currently blocked by core engineering and so this is something that I've dropped in conversation around in the chat for folks to see and see if there's any questions if they want to get involved. This is something that will be a part of the upcoming test net.

Tyler Wright: Again, we talked about the most recent test net during SIG chain but for folks that want to get involved, there is a test net that will be available soon for folks listening in that'll get us ready for network upgrade, but will include some of the other features that are kind client facing as well.  And a number of key customers that leverage some of these tools like manage wallets and beyond are going to be testing their integrations in the test net to make sure that everything is working as it should after network upgrade happens sometime next month. Any other questions about anything console related?

Tyler Wright: Again, I just want to shout out Anneil who runs product for Overclock Labs. He's put together a number of blogs that have been made live on the Akos network website for some of the features that the product team has been working on.  So again, if you have any questions about any of those features, feel free to drop a message in the console chat or in the SI clients channel. But again, there's a number of resources out there readily available for those that want to learn more about some of these new features that have been launched by the product team at Overclock Labs.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: All I want to see if there's anything else that anybody wants to make sure that we discuss. All there was someone supposed to be here. but again, one thing I just want to call out is just some follow-up work from Luna who again has been working on Terraform as a member of the insiders and just a community member for some time. and you put together a discussion just if folks listening in or for folks on the call just get involved in that discussion if you haven't already.

Tyler Wright: again, as we press towards this next network upgrade. All right. if there's no other questions other than that, then again, happy to cut the meeting short. Do not want to waste your time. I know folks are working on a number of things. but again, I'll look forward to our next meeting in two months.

Tyler Wright: not in in October. hopefully that'll be post network upgrade. If there's anything that anybody wants to discuss again we have the sync support call where we talk about all things related to the core product as well as console related issues. But u Max and the rest of the console team do a great job of seeing any issues in the console repo and providing transparency and fixing those issues as they come up.  So for folks that want to learn more between meetings on all things Akos console, please look to the Kosh network organization and GitHub the console repo you can track all the work that's being done on console as well as the projects board for the client and product team.

Tyler Wright: anybody else that has a specific client, that's maybe listening to this call later, please feel free to make your voices heard in the SIG client call and we can go from there. I know Finil dropped in some messaging about s yeah, I know that the desire to get more people involved and working on that.  If you want to get involved in working on that, please talk about different ideas that you have. I think Julius and Yannik from the insiders community have been leading some of those efforts. So whether it's in the insiders, if you are an insider and if you want to be an insider, there's a blog on the AOS network website about the insiders program and how to join. but please drop a message in the insiders chat.

Tyler Wright: around getting more involved in the aach akos chat in the kosh chat API. I was hoping that they would be able to join and be able to answer questions directly. but we could take those questions offline and make sure that they're answered in Discord. All right. if there's nothing else and again we'll just end this meeting a little bit early and continue to work on all the things that are happening on the client side. So appreciate everyone's time. Max, thanks as always for providing an update. If anyone has any questions, feel free to again drop them in Discord and we can continue conversations there.

Tyler Wright: But there's a number of ways to again continue to get involved or track what's going on rel as it relates to console cost chat and a number of other efforts. But I appreciate everyone's time today and we'll continue to work offline. Have a great rest of your day everybody. We'll talk soon. Bye-bye.

Maxime Beauchamp: Thanks. You too.

Rodri R: You guys have a nice day.


### Meeting ended after 00:16:11 ðŸ‘‹

