# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Review of client-focused updates following the Cosmos SDK 53 migration  
- Discussion on Terraform provider updates and demo by Joao Luna  
- Overview of Akash console documentation and community contributions  
- Acknowledgment of Hacktoberfest contributions and Awesome Akash updates  
- Open floor for client-related questions and discussions  


## Meeting Details
- **Date:** Tuesday, November 5, 2025  
- **Time:** 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)  
- **Recording:** Coming Soon  
- **[Transcript](#transcript)**  


## Participants
- Tyler Wright  
- Joao Luna  
- Rodri R  
- Fenil Modi  
- Joshua Meyer  
- B S  



## Meeting Notes  

### **Review of client-focused updates following the Cosmos SDK 53 migration**
- Tyler Wright opened the meeting, confirming that the main focus was client tools including Console, Chain SDK, and AkashJS.  
- Emphasized that much of the engineering teamâ€™s bandwidth was dedicated to completing the Cosmos SDK 53 migration, ensuring all client components remained compatible post-upgrade.  
- The migration required temporarily pausing some Console roadmap items, which will now resume with a refreshed focus.  
- Tyler mentioned that Anil, who leads product for the core team, will release an updated roadmap for Akash Console soon.  
- Participants were encouraged to track progress through the Akash client and product engineering roadmap on GitHub.  
- Any console-related queries can be posted to the Discord support channels dedicated to both Console and Provider Console.  
- Tyler reminded attendees that there are opportunities for community members to contribute to documentation, especially for Chain SDK and Console, with example templates available to guide contributions.  

---

### **Discussion on Terraform provider updates and demo by Joao Luna**
- Tyler introduced Joao Luna, highlighting his longstanding work maintaining the Terraform Provider for Akash.  
- Joao explained that active feature development had been on hold pending the SDK upgrade, but now the project is progressing toward Terraform Provider v1.  
- He presented a live demo showcasing new Terraform features that support:  
  - Creation and import of accounts using mnemonics.  
  - Managing Akash deployments directly as code.  
  - Automatically redeploying services if taken offline.  
  - Integration with other providers such as Cloudflare or databases using HCL syntax.  
- The demo demonstrated defining, applying, and destroying deployments entirely through Terraform, confirming the ability to manage Akash infrastructure without Akash CLI dependencies.  
- Luna highlighted how these improvements enhance enterprise and scalable adoption, enabling consistent automation workflows.  
- He shared a working example deployment URL and explained how Terraform tracks and manages deployment state for reliability.  
- Tyler thanked Joao for the presentation and confirmed that the Terraform proposal (GitHub Discussion #981) will be reviewed before being moved on-chain for governance voting in the coming days.  
- Participants were invited to comment and provide feedback within the discussion thread before submission.  

---

### **Overview of Akash console documentation and community contributions**
- Tyler reiterated the importance of community contributions to Akash documentation following the SDK migration.  
- Noted that several areas of the Console Wiki can be expanded and incorporated into the official documentation.  
- Encouraged contributors to add examples and integration guides that help users understand how to utilize Console and the Chain SDK effectively.  
- Mentioned that contributors can reach out to Tyler Wright or Adam Wney for sample formats and guidance.  
- Emphasized that these efforts will help strengthen developer onboarding and community engagement.  
- Tyler also reminded everyone to review the Client and Product Engineering Board on GitHub for visibility into ongoing and planned workstreams.  

---

### **Acknowledgment of Hacktoberfest contributions and Awesome Akash updates**
- Tyler recognized Fenil (Akash Insider) for leading Hacktoberfest coordination and community management.  
- Celebrated the successful influx of contributions to Awesome Akash, resulting in multiple new templates and deployment guides.  
- Special thanks were given to Democus, an Akash Vanguard member, for testing and merging community submissions into Awesome Akash.  
- The Hacktoberfest extension led to further growth of the Akash community and repository ecosystem.  
- Tyler encouraged attendees to explore new deployment templates added to Awesome Akash and contribute to future iterations.  

---

### **Open floor for client-related questions and discussions**
- Rodri R raised a question about sourcing top AKT holder data for a new Explorer project under the Contributions Program.  
- He explained that their current method involves querying all addresses and balances before sorting, which is inefficient.  
- Rodri asked whether there was an API endpoint or indexer that could directly provide this data.  
- Joao Luna replied that the Console teamâ€™s indexer may have the required data, though itâ€™s unclear whether the API is publicly accessible.  
- They discussed the feasibility of self-hosting the indexer, including its potential resource demands.  
- Rodri mentioned that he had previously spoken with Max and would follow up with him again to clarify public access and hosting requirements.  
- Tyler suggested posting any indexer-related questions in the Discord channel for additional support.  
- Tyler closed the session by encouraging continued engagement on:  
  - Terraform Provider development and discussion.  
  - Console documentation and community examples.  
  - Ongoing contributions to Awesome Akash.  
- Confirmed that the next SIG Clients meeting will take place in December 2025, and thanked all participants for attending.  

---

## **Action Items**
- **Anil (Product Lead):**  
  - Publish updated Akash Console roadmap reflecting post-migration priorities.  
- **Community Contributors:**  
  - Add and improve documentation for Console and Chain SDK with examples.  
  - Provide feedback on Terraform Provider Discussion #981 before it goes on-chain.  
- **Tyler Wright:**   
  - Promote contribution opportunities via Discord and GitHub boards.  
- **Rodri R:**  
  - Follow up with Max on indexer access and API availability for the Explorer project.  
- **Joao Luna:**  
  - Finalize Terraform Provider v1 implementation.  
  - Prepare Terraform proposal for governance submission.  
- **All Participants:**  
  - Engage with new Awesome Akash templates.  
  - Join the December 2025 SIG Clients follow-up meeting.  


## **Transcript**

Rodri R: Hey guys.

Joao Luna: Hello.

Tyler Wright: We're going to wait another 30 seconds for some more people to join and then we can get

Tyler Wright: Can everyone hear me? unless anybody has any objections, I'm just going to start recording and transcribing. and we can jump I think we're already Amazing. Welcome everybody to SIG clients by monthly meeting.  This special interest group for clients talks about all things related to clients on Akos. this includes console chain SDK AOSJS a number of items that are client focused. We also talk about provider console sometimes during this call as an overflow from SIG providers.

Tyler Wright: and today as an agenda item, we don't really talk about it all that often, but I know that Luna has been working on, and you can find it in this, sick clients repo, a Terraform, provider on Akos. and I know there's a number of, items with that client that, need to be updated as a result of Kasos SDK 53 migration that was completed last week. so again, I know there's some folks on the console team that are heads down working on some issues. If anybody has any questions about anything console related, feel free to drop in a message inside Discord. there is a support channel for console as well as a provider console support channel where folks can get in Discord.

Tyler Wright: Again, there's also the console repo where you can track items going on related to console. You can see a number of issues inside things that are being worked on by the core team and some folks in the community that are contributing as well as milestones. again many folks on the core team on the client and product side were focused on the Kasus SDK 53 migration over the last month. getting things ready ready for the chain SDK getting things ready for the console to make sure that again everything that was upgrade would work post upgrade. And so a number of these items were put on hold that were on the part of the console roadmap.

Tyler Wright: I know Anneil the heads up product for the core team is going to be making some updates to the road map for Akash console so you can look out for some ideas or look out for some updates there.  There actually is an item that's looking for contributions for there is some documentation related to console as well as the chain SDK that should be added to documentation. this is something the core team is juggling amongst a number of other priorities.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: But if there is somebody in the community that wants to contribute with examples to the documentation, again, please feel free to reach out to myself, or Adam Wney or just anybody else in the community. Just make your voice heard. I can provide you with examples of what that documentation should look like with again associated examples for folks in the community to be able to leverage again that console documentation or the chain SDK documentation for their own integration. Again, if anybody has any questions on anything milestone related, feel free to drop those in the console channel.

Tyler Wright: There also is if you go to again the projects board in the AOSH network GitHub in the client product and engineering roadmap you could see a number of efforts that are up next across a number of different areas as well as in progress right now.  Again, if anybody has any qu questions about the future of AkashJS, Cosmos SDK or excuse me, chain SDK, feel free to drop those in Discord and we can talk about those and make sure that you get answers async from the core team. Anyone have any questions about anything console related that they want to bubble up right now?

Tyler Wright: All One other item that I want to talk about that is client big shout out to Fendel who's here on the call. Akos insider a man of many hats.  She's been leading and managing Hacktoberfest a hackathon that's I think has been extended but was running most of October but I think has even been extended. There's been a number of contributions that have come into awesome Akash as a result of that October fest.

Tyler Wright: big shout out to Democus another insider in Vanguard who's been testing a lot of those awesome Akash additions and then helping to merge them. But again, please look out for a number of new templates inside awesome Akash that have come from Octoberfest. and there's again number of new applications that can be deployed templates that can be altered and deployed on AOS.  So, I just want to shout out some items that are going on with awesome Akash and some of the work that's been done from those that have been contributing to the Htoberfest event. So, big shout out to Fennel and those in the community and those participating in Hacktoberfest. All right.

Tyler Wright: continuing on with the agenda, I do want to kick it over to, Luna, on the call, who again has, been working on Terraform, for years at this point and has been maintaining that for the community and offering that to the community.  he created a discussion 981. I think that discussion has been live for months at this point.

Tyler Wright: And so again because of a number of different factors again Luna is a major contributor to the on the core engineering side just the state of the ecosystem the migration to Cosmos SDK 53 there's been a number of things that have dep prioritized the Terraform improvements but I think we're at the point now where there's time and bandwidth to do those things amongst other things that he's doing. So, I wanted to kick it over to Luna to see if there's anything specifically he wanted to talk about in terms of the work that he's been doing or next steps orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: if there's any questions that anybody has around the Terraform improvements.


### 00:10:00

Joao Luna: Yeah, thank you Tyler.

Joao Luna: I'd like to do a very small demo. Won't take more than five minutes. but before I just want to clarify one of the reasons the discussion has been up for so long was because the upgrade took until now to happen. But now that it's out of the way and everything's upgraded, because some time into upgrading the Terraform provider because as you may be aware it was mainly on maintenance mode. There wasn't really new features being developed because for so long we've been hiding this new network version. it was always a goal of mine at some point just work and implement new features when the new API version comes out.

Joao Luna: So now that we have our version one I'm also working on the version one terraform provider and the goal is to have a much better implementation of the provider that we can grow and scale because I really believe it's one of the keys to enterprise and scalable adoption because at some point we need to offer these auto automations for people to implement and

Joao Luna: and not rely on a graphical user interface which is great but when you want to scale and deploy several services at the same time and consistently it's much harder that's where tools like Terraform can help and I believe we should tap into this sort of ecosystem and with this new version we'll have much more granular control over things that we are used to but weren't supported back then actually creating accounts on the network using  the Terraform provider so you can import and create accounts. managing oz so doing all that stuff also creating deployments and having a bunch of data sources that you can query using Terraform. so that's kind of the plan and what's outlined in the discussion as and yeah, I've made some progress and would like to show you how it looks like right now.

Joao Luna: so I'll share a window. Can you see my terminal window. I won't go into too much detail because some of you might not be aware of how terraform works. I just kind of want to show you how you would declare a deployment in this case. so basically just say I have this Terraform provider.  Right now it's under this domain but this is kind of like a placeholder. It will be under a cache as an official provider. yeah so then you declare your provider. I'm using sandbox and all these parameters that you are familiar with. I'm using this key nodes directory change version all that good stuff you are familiar with. And then one of the new stuff that we have is the ability to create an account.

Joao Luna: So here what I'm specifying is an account resource that I called my deployer and setting the key name and saying that I don't want to create a new one. I simp want to use to import a memoric that I have in my variables.  So this is a new capability that I wanted to add which is not only you are able to create new accounts but also import existing accounts through pneumonics so this is how I would define an account and then I define a resource didn't regard the outputs this is just for a way to show the values that come out so that it shows basically when I run terapform

Joao Luna: apply. So yeah, I define then my cache deployment basically pass the cache deployment resource. This is just a standard SDL. I'm not really going into it. It's just an engineext server. Then I can specify the bit weight time. So how long I want to wait for bits. And basically I'm saying that this resource depends on my deployer count.  So it will only create the deployment once the account is created. this is kind of how perform works. I'm basically creating my infrastructure as code instead of manually interacting with the console. And what this allows is because there are so many Terraform providers, I could have Cloudflare here and create DNS records, apply them to my SDL and then create a deployment based on those records or the other way around.

Joao Luna: I could create a proxy somewhere, a database everything basically and build whole systems there are Lego blocks tapping in different providers and they all can work together through this standard syntax which is HCL. yeah so this is basically what I have defined and what I can do now is one of the things is basically run terraform plan and it will outline the plan or essentially what it will be running on terraform basically what it will be creating.


### 00:15:00

Joao Luna: So I can see it will create my deploy resource and also my web. So I look through the plan I agree with everything and basically what I have to do is terform apply. I'll set to auto approve. And then we just wait. It should take around 20 seconds for the whole process. but it's doing everything automatically.  Okay, you can see the deployment ID is simply the DSAC. Changing this, it all depends on some other stuff. it's still kind of an early version.

Joao Luna: there you have the owner the provider that was selected the resources or the services running and then one of the important stuff you get your URL I'll share in the meeting so you can check for yourself that it's working I'll check myself as well yeah it's up and running you get a welcome to engineext page and yeah is it as easy as this and Terraform manages and keeps its own state so you can  and keep track of this. So if the deployment goes down. maybe I can do that in a more complex demo because I have to log into the provider because in this sandbox and kill the deployment and then if you run apply it would detect again that the deployment was down and would recreate it.

Joao Luna: So this is a way so easily just run this and if the deployment is offline you can spin it up again and one of the reasons this is also great is you get this dynamic URL and then you can create a new resource for example on cloudflare that automatically fetches this and based on this creates a DNS record pointing to this or redirecting to this URL.  So that's one of the things that you can do. and yeah, that's pretty much it. And I mean you can destroy all the infrastructure as easily as you can create it. So I set it to destroy and now it will be destroying the deployment. If you go check my account was destroyed locally and you'll see that the URL should be no longer available.

Joao Luna: and yeah, that's pretty much it. And as you can see, I can show you I have no Akash CLI nor provider services CLA installed. So, this is all standalone and working without the dependencies. And this is possible because of the new versions of the API and the chain SDK. So, that's one of the advantages that we feel from the network upgrade as well. And yeah, this is it. Any questions?

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, if anybody has any questions, there is an active discussion. I believe the plan is to put this on chain over the next couple days. there's a recording again, he also did a demo September 4th, but there's been additional work that's been going on since then. but again, if anybody has any questions, comments, yeah, please please make them and share them in a discussion over the next couple of days before this goes on chain for vote. Awesome. Are there any other client related topics that anybody wants to make sure we discuss? Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright: If not, then again, I will remind folks that if there's anybody out there that wants to contribute to documentation both around the chain SDK as well as update documentation on console I know there's a lot of stuff in the console wiki that can be added to documentation. please feel free to reach out in Discord. there's a number of opportunities to contribute there as well as continue to get your feet wet with how console works. please give your feedback to discussion number 981 that Luna presented here at a steering committee in September and has been working on again and maintaining for years at this point.


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: and again big shout out to all those that have been involved in Hacktoberfest and contributing to Awesome Look out for a number of new templates in Awesome Akos that have presented themselves. So again we'll meet in another two months. I think we'll meet in December because this meeting was originally on the calendar for October. but again feel free to reach out in associated discord channels if you want to stay up to date on all things console as well as provider console awesome macos related and a number of other efforts across client and again feel free to look at the active client and product engineering board to see all the things that are up next and in progress and backlog.

Tyler Wright: from the core engineering team. Feel free to ask questions. see if there's anything you want to contribute to. but again, that's the best resource for all things related to client and product engineering efforts. if there's nothing else then again we'll meet again I believe over the next month or so. look out for some announcements in the channel for some items that are being worked on that may be client related from Overclock Labs team and other members of the community. I know that the team Malik research that put a proposal on chain that didn't pass. they're still active in the community and going to be continuing to work on their client solutions. So, number of items. Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: So this is a little out of topic, but maybe Luna or something. So I mean someone here knows on the contributions program we're building an explorer now and one of the sections we want to add the top holders of AQT. until now we've only found that the best way is to query all the addresses and their balances and then sort out obviously the top holders. we might just do it a few times every hour or once a day or something like that since the list shouldn't move that much. we have question is do you know if there's an API endpoint or another way to fetch this list without all the addresses and balances.

Joao Luna: I'm not sure if it's open or not, but console team has the indexer, but I'm just not sure if the API is open to the public or not orâ€¦

Joao Luna: if it can be self hosted and run. should be an option should have everything there andâ€¦

Rodri R: Yeah, indexer can be self-hosted,â€¦

Rodri R: but I don't know what resources it needs. I also believe the indexer is public but I haven't tried it so maybe it works.

Joao Luna: easy to also solutions like mean scan andâ€¦

Rodri R: right, thanks. I'll check it out and let the other guys in the contribution program  Yeah, but we want to get rid of Minskan.

Joao Luna: all that too is that they are guessing data and they are able to show this much faster.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I'm saying Minsk has a solution they using an indexer. So, we might be able to use our own indexer.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think if you have any questions index related, just drop a message in the channel. I think Max Bush from the core team would be a good person to talk to about that and ask any specific questions.

Rodri R: Yeah. Yeah, for I already talked about Max about indexer a few weeks ago, but I'll ask again.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions, topics that are client related that folks want to make sure we discuss today. All right. If not, then I'll make this recording available shortly.  I'll drop a link to this recording inside the discussion that Luna put forth for the Terraform improvements. and then again, I would ask if anybody here knows anybody that wants to contribute to documentation for console and the chain SDK with examples, please feel free to reach out. again, I'm certainly looking for folks in the community to contribute there.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: If there's nothing else then again appreciate everyone's participation today, everybody listening in later. looking forward to having some followup discussions before the end of the year and I hope everyone has a great day. and again please ask any questions related to the Terraform proposal discussion in GitHub before it goes on chain over the next couple days. But again, hope everyone has a great rest of their day. and see you in the metaverse.

Joao Luna: Think he's see it.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:28:17 ðŸ‘‹

