# Akash Network - Clients Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #24

## Agenda

* Updates on Akash Console and client tooling following the Cosmos SDK 53 upgrade
* Status update on Terraform provider progress and governance proposal
* Review of documentation updates and newly published API references
* Design system, branding, and UX improvements for Akash Console
* Overview of AkashML client built on Akash Network
* Roadmap updates for client and provider console features
* Ecosystem contributions and client listings
* Open floor for client-related discussion

## Meeting Details

* **Date:** Monday, December 16, 2025
* **Time:** 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* [Recording](https://bygbbcdyxizstu4ksiorinpvtixgzongni5ghprdbl3jwnmvkrna.arweave.net/DgwQiHi6MynTipIdFDX1mi5suaZqOmO-Iwr2mzWVVFo)
* **[Transcript](#transcript)**

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Joao Luna
* Joshua Meyer
* Rodri R
* Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### **Updates on Akash Console and client tooling following the Cosmos SDK 53 upgrade**

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting by welcoming participants and confirming the session as the SIG Clients bi-monthly meeting.
* He clarified that SIG Clients primarily focuses on deployer-facing tooling such as Akash Console and related client experiences, while provider-focused updates are handled in separate SIG sessions.
* Tyler noted that recent development efforts were heavily impacted by the Cosmos SDK 53 migration, which required significant post-upgrade stabilization work.
* As a result, several Console roadmap items were delayed but are now back in active development.
* He reminded participants that Console issues, milestones, and progress can be tracked publicly via the Console GitHub repository and project boards.
* Community members were encouraged to raise Console-related questions in the dedicated Discord support channels.

---

### **Status update on Terraform provider progress and governance proposal**

* Tyler revisited discussions from the previous SIG Clients meeting regarding the Terraform Provider maintained by Joao Luna.
* He referenced Joaoâ€™s earlier demo and confirmed that progress on the Terraform proposal had been temporarily blocked due to post-upgrade constraints.
* Tyler stated that he will follow up and provide an update on the Terraform proposal status by the end of the week.
* He mentioned that Greg Osuri from Overclock Labs has publicly discussed Terraform-related work on X, providing visibility into ongoing efforts.
* Joao Luna acknowledged the update and thanked the group.
* Participants were reminded to review feedback from prior meetings and remain engaged as the proposal moves closer to governance submission.

---

### **Review of documentation updates and newly published API references**

* Tyler highlighted that several documentation improvements have been completed since the last SIG Clients meeting.
* He confirmed that previously discussed API documentation is now live on the Akash documentation site.
* Newly published documentation includes examples for:

  * Managed Wallets API
  * Deployment and integration-related APIs
* Tyler emphasized that these updates are intended to make it easier for developers to deploy and integrate on Akash without friction.
* Community members were encouraged to review the documentation and submit pull requests for improvements or corrections.
* He advised contributors to leave feedback or requests in the documentation Discord channel if specific integrations are missing.
* Tyler also mentioned that new Console onboarding videos are being added to keep documentation aligned with recent UI changes.

---

### **Design system, branding, and UX improvements for Akash Console**

* Tyler gave special recognition to Dennis and Joshua Meyer for their work on Akashâ€™s evolving design system.
* He explained that significant effort has gone into refining UI, UX, branding elements, and shared component libraries.
* These improvements are actively being rolled out across Akash Console to improve clarity, usability, and overall experience for deployers and providers.
* Tyler noted that these design systems will eventually be made more accessible to community builders creating their own Akash clients.
* He encouraged builders seeking branding or design assets to reach out via the SIG Design or SIG Clients channels for guidance.

---

### **Overview of AkashML client built on Akash Network**

* Tyler introduced AkashML, a closed-source client developed by Overclock Labs and deployed on Akash Network.
* He announced that AkashML is now generally available.
* AkashML provides an easier way to access functionality that previously relied on the Akash Chat API.
* Tyler highlighted the strong usability, clean design, and transparent pricing model as examples of high-quality client implementation on Akash.
* He noted that many of AkashMLâ€™s design patterns and UX elements will influence future Console updates.
* Participants were encouraged to explore AkashML as a reference for modern Akash-based client experiences.

---

### **Roadmap updates for client and provider console features**

* Tyler acknowledged that some roadmap items were pushed back due to the Cosmos SDK 53 migration.
* On the provider console side, upcoming improvements include:

  * Provider notifications
  * Enhanced provider workflows and visibility
* On the client console side, ongoing and upcoming work includes:

  * Bid pre-check functionality
  * Automatic top-up features
  * Auto credit reload capabilities
* Tyler explained that Console UI will begin surfacing indicators and buttons to preview upcoming features.
* He encouraged participants to monitor milestones and project boards in the Console repository for real-time updates.

---

### **Ecosystem contributions and client listings**

* Tyler encouraged builders with Akash-based clients to submit pull requests to add their projects to the Akash ecosystem page.
* He emphasized the importance of showcasing active projects to strengthen ecosystem visibility and adoption.
* Contributors were reminded that ecosystem listings can be self-submitted via the website repository.
* Tyler reiterated that community collaboration remains a key driver of Akashâ€™s growth.

---

### **Open floor for client-related discussion**

* Tyler opened the floor for questions or additional discussion from participants.
* No new topics were raised during the session.
* He acknowledged that holiday timing may have impacted attendance and noted that recordings would be available for asynchronous viewing.
* Tyler confirmed that the SIG Clients calendar will be updated for 2026 with a continued bi-monthly cadence.
* He closed the meeting by thanking participants and expressing optimism for continued progress in 2026.

---

## **Action Items**

* **Tyler Wright:**

  * Follow up on Terraform proposal status and provide an update to Joao Luna.
  * Update SIG Clients calendar for 2026 bi-monthly meetings.
* **Community Contributors:**

  * Review and improve Akash documentation through pull requests.
  * Submit Akash-based clients to the ecosystem page.
* **Core Team:**

  * Continue rolling out design system updates across Akash Console.
  * Progress client and provider console roadmap items post-migration.
* **All Participants:**

  * Monitor Console roadmap and GitHub project boards.
  * Engage in future SIG Clients meetings and discussions.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG clients bimonthly meeting. It is December 16th, 2025. usually during the SIG clients bimonthly meetings, the group gets together to talk about updates to Kosh console. sometimes we talk about updates to the provider side of Akos console. but we oftent times save updates on the provider side to sick providers which will be happening tomorrow. we'll talk about at the last meeting we got update from Luna on Terraform provider any APIs we talked about here. we did actually have this meeting last month I think. again this is a bimonthly meeting. We did not have it in September October because of conflicts.

Tyler Wright: so we had it last month at that last meeting again we talked about Terraform updates. we talked about console updates. I know that again Luna has been blocked on putting that Terraform proposal on chain. I'm going to get an update for him by end of week. but again you can look at the November 2025 sick clients meeting where he provided a demo to participants into the community. Greg founder of Overclock Labs has talked about the Terraform update some of the work that's been going on there on X.

Tyler Wright: and again there was just a lot of work that had to be done post network upgrade to cosmos 53. In addition to that at the last SIG clients meeting we also talked about again documentation updates. since then there have been some documentation updates. so again if you go to  network and then go to the doc site. the doc site has been updated. We talked about this in sik design. There is a working group that meets weekly to talk about all things related to the kash website. and as a part of that effort there was some API documentation that was implemented. We talked about this at the last meeting where it was not live and now that documentation is live.

Tyler Wright: where again folks that are trying to leverage manage wallets API or some of the other API integrations for making it easier to deploy on Akos that documentation has been added to the doc site with examples. So if anybody has any notes feel free to drop them or create a PR with some updates inside the website but that is something that has been advanced since the last SIG clients meeting.

Tyler Wright: if there's anybody else that is looking for integration documentation and you don't see it in the updated documentation site, please drop a note in documentation channel or somewhere in Discord and either somebody from the ecosystem can contribute or again someone from the core team can help contribute to improving documentation.  Please take a look at the entire doc site. again there's some documentation updates and some videos being added for console. I know again we talked about the last meeting there was an updated onboarding experience for console that be shared in some of those new videos to keep them as date as possible.

Tyler Wright: We did just talk about this at the SIG design by monthly meeting. but I will reiterate for this group big shout out to Dennis and Josh who's on the call here who have been instrumental in updating branding elements and really the design system for kind of UI UX. there will be a number of changes coming soon and they're already starting to be implemented for a kosh console to implement again a lot of the work from the design systems that Josh and Dennis have implemented.

Tyler Wright: so again branding elements shad libraries just again really restructuring and updating the console so that it is optimized and as easy to use as possible. Again there will be some continued updates on making some of those resources more available to the rest of the community for those that are building their own clients on top of Akos. but please look out for a number of updates that will be coming on the UXUI side from Josh and others to again continually improve the provider and the deployer experience via console.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: One other again client that is built on top of Akos. This is actually an openc clock labs closed source product akosml.com. This is something that again a number of folks from the core team including Josh and others have been working on. This product is now generally released. again this is a easier way for folks to leverage what used to be the AOS chat API for various functions and again all deployed on the AOS network.  So from a design systems perspective, you could see a lot of the elements of style and just like the structure of the page that is really easy to use and really user friendly.

Tyler Wright: and again a lot of these elements will be implemented in console but just generally this is again a closed source product from the overclock labs team that is built on top of aos so please if you haven't used it feel free again I'll just show off that page a little bit  and show off again some of the price per models, tokens, etc. I know there's a number of other companies in the ecosystem. Again, it's a very very busy time of year for many people in their normal jobs as well as just in people's personal lives.

Tyler Wright: So, scheduling a lot of SIGs and working groups back during the holidays may not have been the best idea from an attendance standpoint, but again, I'm sure many people will watch these videos later on. I just want to again share that design systems. I know there's a number of other clients that are building on top of AOS net right now. and so feel free to use any of those elements.  So again, the branding and resources page will be updated on the AOS network website. I'm sure there'll be announcements made in Discord and elsewhere when the time has come for folks that want to implement.

Tyler Wright: But in the meantime, if you're watching this video later if anybody here or anybody that's watching connects with anybody in the ecosystem that's looking for again design systems or branding assets, feel free to send them to SIG design channel or the SIG clients channel and tag myself Dennis or again insider and they'll point you in the right direction of making sure you have those ets.  All right. outside of that, again, you can always go to the console repo and track a number of items that are ongoing right now. there are some items that were pushed back a little bit because of the council SDK 53 migration.

Tyler Wright: so again some items that are in the pipeline are again on the provider side the provider notifications and some other experiences that will be updated. I think there's going to be for a number of items that are happening on the provider console roadmap. We'll start to implement some buttons to showcase some of those new features that'll be coming soon. and then again on the console side there's a number of new items that are continuing to be worked on including bid pre-check feature again some auto topup functionality auto credit reload. so again you can track all these items in the milestones.

Tyler Wright: there also is the project board for client and you can again look inside the console repo and actively track who's working on what and see where items are. one thing I'll say before opening up to the ecosystem is again if anybody has any clients that are currently deployed on top of Akos and they want to be added to the ecosystem page again you can make a PR yourself via the website repo and just add again information about your project really trying to again continue to add a number of items


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: to the ecosystem page. so again feel free to share any clients that are being worked on. Again if you need design assets please feel free to reach out to members of the core team and community for support if you need it or just keep others in tune.  anything that anybody wants to talk about in SIG clients? All right. If not, then we can cut this one short. Again, we did just meet last week. I'll make sure the calendar is updated for 2026. We're meeting on a bimonthly cadence. Again, appreciate everybody who joined and everybody listening in later. I'm really looking forward to 2026.

Tyler Wright: if you need anything in the meantime about anything we discussed today, feel free to reach out and say clients. But hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Thank you very much.

Joao Luna: Thank


### Meeting ended after 00:13:10 ðŸ‘‹


