wg-testnet-sandbox/README.md, before:

---
title: "Testnets Working Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network - Testnets & Sandbox Environments Working Group

This working group is dedicated to figuring out Akash Network's strategy with testnets and sandbox environments as well as defining the work necessary to create and maintain them

## Meetings

Joining the mailing list for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.

- Meeting 1 (e.g bug Scrub): \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Meeting 2: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
  
  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Regular WG Meeting: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

## Leads

  - Name (GH Handle)
  - Name (GH Handle)

## Contacts

- Discord (add link)
- Mail list (add link)

## Goals

- bulletted list
- of goals for this WG

## PRDs and other documentation
- PRD


## Related SIGs

- sig-provider
- sig-clients
- sig-deployments

Commit message:

feat: updates to sync community repo with website repo (#880)
Co-authored-by: Dharamveer singh <dharamveersingh.em@gmail.com>

wg-testnet-sandbox/README.md, after:

---
title: "Testnets Working Group"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
description: This working group is dedicated to figuring out Akash Network's strategy with testnets and sandbox environments as well as defining the work necessary to create and maintain them

category: working-groups

meetings:
  dateLabel: Calendar
  link:
    label: Subscribe to Calendar
    link: "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20"

githubLink: "https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-testnet-sandbox"

discordLink: "https://discord.com/invite/akash"
---

# Akash Network - Testnets & Sandbox Environments Working Group

This working group is dedicated to figuring out Akash Network's strategy with testnets and sandbox environments as well as defining the work necessary to create and maintain them

## Meetings

Joining the mailing list for the group will typically add invites for the following meetings to your calendar.

- Meeting 1 (e.g bug Scrub): \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Meeting 2: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (every \<n\> weeks). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

- Regular WG Meeting: \<weekday\> at \<time\> PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). Convert to your timezone (add link to https://dateful.com/time-zone-converter?t=09:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).

  - Meeting notes and Agenda.
  - Meeting recordings.

## Leads

- Name (GH Handle)
- Name (GH Handle)

## Contacts

- Discord (add link)
- Mail list (add link)

## Goals

- bulletted list
- of goals for this WG

## PRDs and other documentation

- PRD

## Related SIGs

- sig-provider
- sig-clients
- sig-deployments
