# Akash Network - 2024 Events Working Group (wg) - Meeting #1

## Agenda
- Review of 2023 events and lessons learned.
- Early planning for 2024 events.
- Review and discuss preliminary list of potential events for 2024.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, October 25, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bts4wsldpu6iuvcvdvsbncztc7whshy4izdsugaho3j74nq2pcla.arweave.net/DOXLSWN9PIpUVR1kFoszF-x5HxxGRyoYB3bT_jYaeJY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Daniel Moore
- George Pro
- Jannick H
- Joao Luna
- Julius Haus
- Luca Fortes
- 00 o
- Pavlo Dereniuk
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Hewitson

## Meeting Notes
- Adam Wozney expressed gratitude for participants joining the working group call focused on 2024 events.
- Adam emphasized the importance of early planning, citing lessons learned from the previous year's process.
- Adam acknowledged last year's late start and highlighted the aim to get ahead this year.

### Review and discuss preliminary list of potential events for 2024
#### Adam Wozney:
- Adam Wozney provided an overview of the purpose of the call: sharing a [preliminary list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DBXUhNsf8qxIYD-NtuLeGXhmQ-WTOdcCfdyvXgaGGV0/edit#gid=0) of events and gathering input.
- Mentioned the collaborative effort in compiling events, including suggestions from participants and the PR agency.
- Emphasized that the list is not finalized, and the objective is to collectively decide on the most valuable events.
- The goal is to identify one to two key events per quarter for Akash representation in 2024.
- Highlighted the inclusion of an "overage" in the proposal to accommodate unforeseen significant events.
- Next week's focus: Finalizing the budget with input from today's discussions and through the events working group channel.
- Suggested the use of GitHub discussions or on-chain for the proposal, similar to the previous year's process.
- Proposed aiming for mid to late November for the community to approve the governance proposal.

### Tiered Structure

#### Adam Wozney:
- Adam emphasized the need to finalize the budget for both Tier 1 and Tier 2 events.
- Tier 1 events involve extensive participation, sponsorship, and potential external meetups.
- Tier 2 events are lighter with representation and possible stage time.
- Tier 0.5 for lightweight participation.

### Accurate pricing and managing expenses.
- Scott raised concerns about putting the governance proposal on-chain too early.
- Scott advocated for a later timeline, preferably in late December, to ensure accurate pricing information.
- Pointed out the challenge of fronting costs, especially when dealing with vendors who may not accept AKT.
- Adam Wozney expressed agreement with the idea of delaying the on-chain proposal.
- Mentioned the historical context of previous event governance proposals passing.
- Emphasized the need to balance timing with budget considerations and community approval.

### Suggestions form for event recommendations.
- 00 o inquired about how to provide suggestions for events and expressed difficulty in accessing the document.
- Adam Wozney shared that he had created a form for collecting event suggestions and had received one response so far.
- Scott making the document accessible for comments to facilitate input from others.
- Adam agreed with the idea of opening the document for comments, especially during the editing phase.
- Permissions were adjusted to allow commenting on the document.

### Specific events for potential Akash representation.
- Adam clarified the process of initial review, community feedback, and potential follow-up calls with event organizers.
- Adam acknowledged the challenge of limited time for detailed evaluations and emphasized the need for quick community feedback.
- Robert Del Rey suggested categorizing events to provide more context for community decisions.
- The group discussed the potential impact and relevance of attending the AI conference and Developer Week.

### New Voting System
- Benjamin suggested using a voting system where community members rank their preferred events from 1 to 10.
- Adam Wozney expressed the need to find a way to quantify community preferences efficiently.
- Benjamin B proposed having the community members vote on their top events, possibly using Discord or a shared document.
- Adam Wozney proposed going through the events he suggested, discussing reasons for or against each, and then having participants express their preferences with thumbs up or down.
- Benjamin B suggested a hybrid approach where participants provide reasons for their preferences, and these opinions are discussed to make collective decisions.
- The focus was on prioritizing events that the community strongly wants to attend, considering individual opinions and discussing potential disagreements.

### Gather opinions and preferences on events(Q1 2024).
- Green Highlights: Events strongly endorsed for attendance.
- Yellow Highlights: Events needing further discussion or review.
- Red Highlights: Initially considered but may need more evaluation.
- Thumbs Up Emoji: Agreement to attend a particular event.
- Thumbs Down Emoji: Disagreement or reservations about an event.

##### EthDenver:
- Adam highlighted EthDenver as a valuable event due to its community-owned and crypto-focused nature.
- Thumbs up. EthDenver marked as a green event for 2024.

##### Nvidia Summit.
- Cheng suggested avoiding another hackathon.
- Nvidia Summit considered for its relevance to Akash's push into the GPU space.
- Thumbs up. Nvidia Summit marked as a green event for 2024.

##### kubecon:
- kubecon in Europe discussed; potential conflict with Nvidia Summit.
- Positive feedback from those who attended kubecon before.
- Joao Luna provided insights into the technical nature of kubecon and the distinction between the American and European editions.
- kubecon marked as green with plans for strong representation.

##### Blockchain Developer Conference (BDC):
- Adam presented BDC as an event with a focus on blockchain developers.
- Mixed opinions were expressed: thumbs up for visibility and thumbs down for a potentially small audience.
- BDC marked as yellow for further exploration.

##### South by Southwest (SXSW):
- SXSW discussed as a diverse event covering various topics.
- Opinions varied on its relevance to Akash's goals.
- Mixed opinions SXSW marked as yellow for further exploration.

##### Crypto Finance Conferernce and Enterprise AI Summit:
- Adam expresses uncertainty about the two as he has not attended it before.
- Adam suggests a similar approach to the previous event (Crypto Finance Conference) with a lightweight representation (Tier 0.5).
- Cheng suggested exploring better review mechanisms for AI-specific events and considering calls with event organizers for more information.

### Organization for Future Events:
- Cheng emphasized the importance of evaluating product development status before committing to events with product showcases.
- Discussion on the technical expertise of the audience at certain events and potential barriers.

## Action Item
- Adam to categorize events for better organization.
- Adam to propose a tiered budgeting system for community review.
- Adam to explore lightweight community pool sponsorships for smaller events.
- Participants to use the suggestions form to recommend events for consideration.
- Adamto ontinue monitoring form responses and add suggested events to the list.
- Group to Further exploration and research on events marked as yellow.
- Participants to join the next working group call for finalizing event selections and discussing the proposed tiered structure.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much for that Tyler and thank you all for joining. Welcome to this city called. I believe this is the first goal. We have a community group. So the agenda is gonna be brief project overview some objectives and how can we all work together to make this happen? Also, I believe this call is gonna be good to find out if this is gonna be Viable initiative or maybe if we have to hold it for a later time in the next year. So I'm open for anything. I'm just can't wait to hear just your guys simply. There is a document in the peaceful Channel. It's a Google doc there. You can see all the information. Initially put there.

Robert Del Rey: And yeah silly is basically a platform that lets. project Founders and Community managers basically To organize your people, It's a tool that you can create submissions. any kind of missions depending on your community, I've seen different kinds of missions.

Scott Hewitson: that

Robert Del Rey: So that's why I believe it's a good tool because we can customize it for cash needs. Let me know if you guys can hear me. All right, because I want to speak too loud.

Scott Hewitson: yep.

Robert Del Rey: I have someone next to me and I don't. So yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Stop yelling.

Robert Del Rey: So, yeah I believe it can be very beneficial for a cash because we have many community members with different backgrounds. We have validators. We have developers. We have just normal Community people that just want to see how a cash develops. And then we also have projects Founders. We have providers. We have a lot in a cache. That's why I believe we have many rooms To do many tasks idea. I did a few tasks or as a test. So you can have an idea. One of them is likely deploying a provider on a cash. Another one is a host X node from X Network my cash. And if you do that and if you upload all the documents you can get rewarded. I mean

Robert Del Rey: It's not necessary to make all the missions if we are reward if you do them. But it's good to have the option in case when we want to incentivize certain actions or certain people in the community.

Robert Del Rey: For example missions that I'm not excited about are normal missions go on Twitter stuff and comment whatever the missions are more excited about our Dimensions Host this application host a Blog on a cash. And you can see the examples if you can access the document, you will find all the links. The numbers we had there we had numbers for how much we want to give away in akt prices Rewards. And how much we have to pay or we should pay the people reviewing the missions. Because how silly works is that?

Robert Del Rey: You can do a missions and there are missions that you can claim them right away and you can get your points right away. But there are other missions that depending on the criteria. Someone has to review them and after they review the missions they can go ahead and run their rewards and the points you access. I'm making sense of course are good.

Scott Hewitson: Yep. tracking

Robert Del Rey: awesome guys So yeah, that's basically I do like the tool I use it before when I was working with the staking. I also participated as a community member for Chris and CK Roll-Ups was the name at all. I don't remember And yeah, it was really cool. I mean it has to be a balance because the majority of the projects you got people that just come in to do them easy missions and get the easy rewards. I want to make maybe less missions. But with a bigger reward and a bigger outcome, if you feel like something valuable you can get rewarded for that and that can be monitored in the same silly applications.

Robert Del Rey: Other benefits that zealy has is that you can add up to five people as admins in the free version. They have a paid version, but I don't know anybody using the paid version and in the free version you have up to five people that can manage missions create missions. Run Points review task. So yeah, it's very complete industry package. and yeah, that's all I want to say at the moment. I'm super happy to work with you guys if you want to work with me. And if we design very very good missions that can attract developers to a cash and can attract applications to a cash. I believe this can be a very good investment in my own opinion and it doesn't have to be like that expensive investment.

00:05:00

Robert Del Rey: So if you guys have a comment question, yeah, I will be the time let's taken from here.

Scott Hewitson: What? Benjamin go ahead.

Benjamin B: So the mic now,…

Robert Del Rey: Sorry Benjamin didn't see I was looking at the document.

Benjamin B: thank No problem. I just want to say they're here that I really like this idea. I also like that you're trying to focus on some of them harder missions, for people actually get involved and try out the network. I don't think that this would be a good idea. If everything was just follow a caution Twitter retweet maybe create a Reddit post sure. That's great if you want to Shield something or great, so, Bad quality marketing, but if you actually get this harder missions out and you get people to either create their own stuff or just see how the network works and that it works. I think that's a great way to get real members to the community. I think the only thing here that I'm a bit

Benjamin B: worried about is that the funding is just a rough estimation and everything is just pending do the math. If you could explain more of that stuff would be great.

Robert Del Rey: internet here Yeah, the reason why is that it's because I don't know. How much would it be in? Initially was Android I assembled the document thinking about the missions and rewards Etc. It's a rough estimate like you say. But I'm happy that I have more people now like you that can help me getting to the best number. That's why it's great at Scott is in this call. Maybe he can give us an idea on how much would be good to start. Maybe a good time frame could be maybe launch this for three to six months with a 5,000. I did it or maybe a 10,000 it's gonna depend on how many missions we want to do because

Robert Del Rey: Maybe more than one people can make the mission and more than one people can get the rewards. So I'm more than happy to hear what you think things would be a fair value for this. I don't have any experience like organizing prices. So that's why I need help guys. If it's like reviewing missions controlling the tool. Economy for that. So I'm coming on you to get to the best number for our caching for the people that they're gonna participate.

Scott Hewitson: Go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I want to add onto this by saying that I believe that…

Robert Del Rey: What happened?

Benjamin B: if a Coach could add the European electric core team. They're the ones controlling the community budget right now and I'm guessing if this budget were to be used for the pilot program on this select the first test to see how viability is for a one-time thing and potentially for multiple rounds. I think they should be a bit in control of how much We should have in the budget and how much should be spent on reviewing and how much should be spent on prices. I would love to hear more from Scott and Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Before Scott jumps in I just wanted at the highest level just make it clear.

Scott Hewitson: Pick it up.

Tyler Wright: I don't think Ben was insinuating this but overclock does not control the Akash community pool that's just like a public good overclock has asked for some Community funding for a small bounties and Small items that Scott who will talk further has been a good Steward on there's a certain amount of money that's been a lot of for again small bounties and small items whether it be like building models documentation management of certain sorts of public goods. But yeah, I just want to make that clarification just for the record. Sorry, go ahead and…

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, yeah,…

Tyler Wright: do it.

Scott Hewitson: no You're right on the head that 5K is what we're talking about. First Thanks for everybody for do doing all the legwork to put all this together. I personally think it's a good idea. and the fact that you guys keep saying let's get the hot the high quality submissions, people use in the network thing. We don't want is right just a bunch of Twitter trolls come in and let me get my 10 akt here and there we want long-term developers George. What's up?

00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: Hey George's Community.

Scott Hewitson: George you have a question

George Pro: Yeah. Yeah Robert. Thank you very much. I wanted to touch on the mission because I'm thinking if you are living out the softest BC the one that I know had out we are trying to read the zealy to Target outside people who are not really inside our community. So I believe that we should kind of are the low hungry why so that people when they are kind of find something to do it shouldn't be that hard. You should say that you progress through the ladder and then go to the harder part, but also he said to me that you can kind of skip from the least hard one and then go to

George Pro: the hardest one so you can do it in two ways. You can have to whereby you can start from social media and then gaining Discord something like that. And then we go to have the one that's only doing machine that our heart. I don't want that to leave the one that so I want people to kind of come and then feel like they are participating and then also doing something when they come to I was in

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I think you hit it everyone here. I think we're all aligned and that this is a potential tool to help grow our community in a positive way bringing in the right kind of people not to say there's nothing wrong with The Shield shoulders on Twitter, but, at the end of the day, we're trying to progress the development and use of open or decentralized cloud. so kind of Yeah, Robert, what's up?

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, there's a quick question. You guys remember how much was a cash budget for the hackathon and specifically only the prices?

Scott Hewitson: The prizes I think first place was Seven Grand second place was four grand third place might have been one Grand in US Dollars the hackathon budget itself when it went on chain there it was when the price was way lower. So there's a ton of leftover hackathon funds and I'm gonna be returning those or we are going to be returning those back to the community pool soon. But yeah, that was kind of the rough amounts for the winners.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so I guess going a little bit back to what I was talking about. this five grand a month, we kind of put it in for bounties. I think on chain, we called out a few kinds of things and Ty mentioned a little bit like building sdls and blog posts and a couple hundred dollar tasks, I'd say that being said, internally and externally I'm trying to spend that money, we're tracking it and I don't know if you guys have seen let me drop this in here the community support dashboard that covers the vanguards note-taking which we haven't spent any money on and then bounties

Scott Hewitson: so really what I see this as is we're not spending enough money from bounties just for small things here there or whatever so We got 10 days to spend. I think we've got four grand left for it I don't know if you have anything coming down the pike, but I think it'd be a good opportunity and I know it's not five grand, but if we can get something started and maybe do like a pilot as I think Robert and Benjamin were saying I think it's a good use of funds because we're just going to return it to the community pool if we don't

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. What's up, Robert?

Robert Del Rey: Thanks Scott and just adding to that I just thought that besides those missions that we're going to think about. We can also use silly for that to have that cash only for those overclock bounties that you guys release from time to time and that can be a tool for that as well. It can help us keeping track and see actually who's doing more counties and such.

00:15:00

Scott Hewitson: No doubt Benjamin looks up.

Benjamin B: I wanted to say that I agree that this is a good spending money. I think that regardless if you create one blog post or if you create one still or if you do a program like this targeted to create more than one. I think that we could use the same numbers to try estimate the numbers of outcomes. So if an article is estimated to be at 250, how much is an Estimated to be at do you have that information here?

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so I mean when we made it, it's kind of a rough. I think sdl says a hundred bucks. It ranges from 100 to 500 and that's all I think it says these are estimates based on What we think but it could be way less. Yeah.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I just want to say that I think that this averages could be spent so that if we were to be given a budget of 4K, maybe we should try to at least March the number of stls created through this the program. So if we were to have the 4K and let's just very quickly. 4,000 divided by a hundred is 40 and divided by 500 is 8 so somewhere between four eight and fourth STL should be created ideally from the worker Seeley project or whatever to call it and if this does not happen any

Benjamin B: Yeah, I don't know how to trace this really, but we could use this as a baseline so. If we are able to create this money through the users using sealer, I think. That's enough for you have anything else you want to? Mention how much to spend on each part?

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so I mean, I guess like I said, we've got four grand left for this month. That being said I think the most expensive thing that we've put a bounty out for was sdxl and that was two grand or 2500. So, I don't want to say hey, let's spend four grand on this one thing when it's kind of for bounties, but it's like personally I was thinking if we did something around the 2,500 range that is, kind of like a pilot a stepping stone and it's like all right, we're gonna use it's not really a bounty right? It's a mini program.

Scott Hewitson: But I think it's well worth our month, well worth exploring and seeing what we can get out of it and you never know. It's like if we do, we do this and it's getting good traction and then it's like, okay, maybe we do need 10 grand or 15 grand to do something like this. That's when we could go with a gov prop, for an ask for a little bit more money and Define the program a little bit. Robert what's up?

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I'm with you. It's got 120% so. What if we go ahead and reduce the amount for 1500 to 2,000 and Benjamin. Maybe you and I can design Seven to eight missions and the rewards can range within a hundred and fifty dollars and we couldn't start from there with that budget. The question I have is called is that let's say we go that route we do eight missions and people do them and we give them their Rewards. what will be the metrics we will have to

Robert Del Rey: to keep in mind in order to make this a successful initiative or maybe a successful pilot because initiative started right, but how can we make on what indicators make this as accessible in European?

Scott Hewitson: Hi, do you want to say something? I can answer to that question?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, maybe you go first off all.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I think I mean and you guys laid it all out, it's at least five, in this number obviously, the skilled back a little bit. That's at least 500 curious devs and Tech enthusiasts to test out I think the single metric Is there a er or one or two? is there one new developer maybe it's a person who's excited now, they want to be an Insider or just bringing in smart people and people that are aligned I think is my personal number one goal. Yeah, I don't know how you guys see it, but it's like if we did something like this and we got two or three new Kick-Ass people. I'm all about that.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: yeah, I would decide to that to Scott's Point earlier about funding I think we've all said it but I think a number like 2000 to 2500 makes a lot of sense because when we want to use this program is we want to keep the dollars and cents of each ask.

Tyler Wright: Kind of small and have this be an incubator program for things that eventually would come from community pool spend. So I love the idea of funding this and we don't have to go through a community pool right now. It's just like there's funds there a lot for this kind of stuff if the program has legs and continues to be successful. Then we take the next steps and we have this case study. We're not asking for community pool funding just out of nowhere. It's just like hey, we had 2500 dollars. We are trying to hundred and akt and so what we did in the month and a half we brought on two new insiders and a Vanguard that's contributed X Y and Z, and we've gotten X number of eyes on it to the latter point and then Benjamin, I'll hop it over to you.

Tyler Wright: To the latter point about success. I think we hit it on the head just like trying to find if we could find two or three more insiders that are technical or if somebody from zealy is able to do some sort of bounty or some sort of bigger task like notification tool or something that improves the network even one. I think that would be successful for the dollar amount and we're looking to spend I think it's easy to scale it from there. Or so go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I just wanted to ask something here. If we were to actually go through with this should we make that Robert would be the one in lead since he's been creating some of the documents and the Robert can have a free handle the bit on how to create this budget and help spend the money and then we could try to work together everyone interested in. All this smaller details, like what should the tasks be related to how could we get the greater results and how could we reach out to a lot of people?

Tyler Wright: I would certainly say that Roberts should be the owner and the boss. I would ask that and this is what we've been trying to do with the entire open framework that some of these decisions. I'm not saying that you weren't saying it's bad but somebody's decisions just get made as a group because it just works better that way then a singular person making decision and then letting people know later and then we could have just gotten group feedback. So I believe that Robert should be the owner and kind of be the manager but then some of this decision has relate to tasks that relate to just general budgets in the short-term and long term. I think should just be done as working group sessions where lazy agenda Robert lease is through but again, we can make these decisions and have action I have to come out of this as a group.

Scott Hewitson: Go ahead Benmin. sorry.

Benjamin B: Yeah, if this sounds good to me and the last thing I want to ask Harry start related to how much should be spent on the tasks. And how much should we spend on the admin? Should this be done in the working groups Maybe?

Scott Hewitson: as far as the breakout of funds yeah,…

Benjamin B: Yes.

Scott Hewitson: I mean, we're kind of having the conversation now, personally I think if we start with 2500 if that's 2,000 towards the

Scott Hewitson: towards rewards and 500 bucks for people's time. if that sounds crazy tell me I don't know, and we've got these different funding mechanisms and I want to try to use it as much as possible. But I also want to be respectful of people's time. And I know here is said a couple month ordeal and I don't want you guys to be doing all this work and not getting any compensation for yourselves either kind of just leaning on you guys a little bit to

00:25:00

Scott Hewitson: Hey, this is what we think and I like giving people autonomy. I like giving you get the most out of people when you trust them and you can when they give them their own devices to succeed or fail and then after there. It's like all right, we know it was a failure or we know is a success and it is a decent amount of money, but it's not like it's the whole community pool. off the top of you guys' heads. How do you see let's just throw out the 2500 right now. how would you do it? If you had the keys to the castle today to this disperse that 2500?

Tyler Wright: Benjamin Sorry real quick before you speak because Scott just brought up a great point. I just want to reiterate and I wanted to Huey has been done a great job of providing transparency and I accountability as it takes the community pool and holding whether it be overclock accountable or members of the community accountable. I try to do my best to make sure that people are doing what they say that they're going to be doing. So whoever takes on this management job just know that it comes with a little bit like being an owner comes with responsibility and Huey and I are going to make sure that we hold people accountable, as stewards of

Tyler Wright: the open source of caution Network, we do not want funds to just spend on wisely and we're We're doing the same thing for technical development. We're doing the same thing for everything that comes out of that community pool everything that can get upon about it retains to the akt Token. There's some care behind the scenes that's being taken. So there is going to be some accountability for this position, if somebody's like we're happy to pay anybody for their time and their energy, but if you say I'm going to do x y a and you're certainly getting paid from again public funds, Harry and I both come from

Tyler Wright: a different world where dollars and cents actually matter and people have to be held accountable when they use those dollars and cents. So we will be holding people accountable. I just want to let people know that before 2024 starts.

Robert Del Rey: And thanks that a great point.

Scott Hewitson: go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I want to say that. Yes. I think we should even have a round of applause for Scott here.

Benjamin B: I don't even know if it can hear it anyways.

Scott Hewitson: I can see it.

Scott Hewitson: I can see it. I appreciate it.

Benjamin B: Great.

Benjamin B: Back to the question if I had the keys to the treasury to the two and a half Kate treasure, I would do something similar. I would either do I would depending on how large these prices would be and how many you'd estimate the program to have I would either have between 500 to the free admins unless there will be more or 1000 between the free elements. I think that both of those. Somewhere around in that range would be a good. starting point for the pilot

Scott Hewitson: About 750 so it's 250 API a pop for the three of three folks in here doing it. And then that gives us 1750 in rewards and for a budgets and tasks

Tyler Wright: I think that makes sense. I also think that if everybody agrees that we should not be promoting the Shilling. I don't think we should give a single Cent for somebody following us on Twitter unless it's a prerequisite of the platform and we should just focus on just some of those smaller bounties maybe we're getting doing something that benefits of network and maybe to be just a price maybe if somebody updates documentation. It's five akt. I don't know. Maybe we can get some more value from this zealy community. So just want to put that out there. Go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I think that it could make sense to pay people to have to follow on Twitter as well. But from what I've heard you can have this minimum ranges. So if you only get 50 points, you won't get paid. But as soon as you hit a certain threshold, you will get paid for everything. So then maybe just following and just doing this small things. They won't give you anything. But if you do something and also do the small things you will get a little for everything. So if having people get connected with a coach Community is worth something. I think that we could add just a tiny tiny bits to making them follow as well.

00:30:00

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean, I agree with that. It's like if you need 30 points to get paid anything and it's 25 to deploy something and then it's five to share and then that gets you to 30. I think that's reasonable. But yeah, it's to your point. It's like if all the easy Bounty Hunter airdrop Style Tasks, you can get full payout based off of that then we're just gonna attract those kinds of people.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks for taking notes Robert. Appreciate you.

Scott Hewitson: I mean, I'm excited. I think let's press with it. I'm cool with let's do 2500 750 of that for admin and 1750 for Rewards is that sound all right with everyone is that any adjustments or?

Scott Hewitson: Okay.

Robert Del Rey: However, if it's straight for this pilot, thanks, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Of course, I guess the next step is because we've got a 70% solution. We kind of know what we want to do a little bit. I'd like to let's see. I mean we can call it a bounty and I can have have it sent out this week before November for sure probably wait till a little drawback in price so that we get the most akt out of it. so for next steps, do you guys want to schedule another one of these calls in a couple weeks? Do you want to do it? Async? Do you want to I think the next step would be coming up with a formalized plan and then that we can all review and press with. What's up, Robert?

Robert Del Rey: I agree 100% and Monday is great for this goal. Maybe we can make it green now. And next Monday. We can give you some updates and when I say we are Benjamin. ation, and of course myself

Scott Hewitson: Of course the boss man.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Lord.

Scott Hewitson: That sounds great.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Tyler do you have anything else you want to add?

Tyler Wright: No, I think you just said we can turn this into a weekly meeting. Until we get this program kind of off the ground I think as a strategy document for next week, and then it's success documents. for next week would be great. I think the goal of this pilot is to See if it can get some momentum on zealy and turn this into something that gets community pool funding on a year over year basis because it's just a part of the community success program. So really looking forward to it. I'll put some time on the calendar. And at least we'll have a couple meetings maybe over the next three or four weeks. We'll have a meeting on this and next week is still November. So maybe my next week. maybe you talk about this. I don't just run for a quick second to chase a dog.

Tyler Wright: Maybe there's a specific wallet that gets spun up for this and we can look to get this funded for next week. Especially for one do this in November, but I'll give us the next week to figure out strategy and we can maybe share some documents async this week. And this look to me next week if that works for everybody.

Scott Hewitson: Okay works for me. Yeah, I think it's one of you guys want to hold the funds you can have fun send over. Like I said, I'll probably wait till a little drawback. we'll see what happens on akt's kind of mooning right now.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: but Yeah,…

Robert Del Rey: It's crazy.

Scott Hewitson: I know right?

Tyler Wright: No, but I think that's a good plan. Maybe Robert you spin up the wallet as the owner and then it'll be part of your own responsibilities to pay out the rest of the management team. But again, we can make sure that gets done and we could talk about a little bit more about that next week from an operational standpoint, but the focus of next week's conversation should just be on strategy and implementation.

00:35:00

Robert Del Rey: Absolutely. Awesome.

Scott Hewitson: Sounds good. of

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much guys, Fury. Really really appreciate it.

Tyler Wright: 

Scott Hewitson: we appreciate mean, we've got all these mechanisms for funding, it behooves us to use them. If not, then what are we doing?

Tyler Wright: plus one.

Robert Del Rey: Okay, yeah.

Benjamin B: Okay, yeah. The super fun to see that this actually worked out with the funding and everything. I believe that for the remainder of the 4K in this month's budget. You can just send that to me. I have a little room for a one and…

Scott Hewitson: Okay.

Benjamin B: a half K in one of my wallets. Just send me a message.

Scott Hewitson: You have just enough room,…

Tyler Wright: but

Scott Hewitson: speaking. I wanted to mention so we've kind of bring it back to

Robert Del Rey: They're gonna send it to me and I think we posted.

Scott Hewitson: yeah, there we go. I trust you guys. No, just talking about the bounties. So, it started as a let's get a little bit of money in one of the props so that we can do certain things bounties. Whatever part of that has been, we kind of just been going one to one with people kind of I've been telling people on the ternal side. Hey, if you need things done, you need small tasks. Let me know that I know let the community know we've got money to use it coming out this week. Hopefully is we're gonna Define the program a little bit more for bounties if you guys have seen The cohesive product and Engineering roadmap. We're looking to put out something that looks very similar to that but

Scott Hewitson: from the community side and then it's like we'll have tat there will be backlog items up next items in progress items and then kind of to show one what core team is working on in the marketing Community side, but also where those gaps are and it'll call out Bounty specifically. So I think it's gonna get a lot cleaner A lot more efficient for the bounties. But because we are where we are today, let's spend some money doing some stuff that we think will progress the network. So Look forward to releasing that and if you guys have any questions comments concerns, please please please let me know that Ty know and we'll try to address some best we can.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much and start Tyler George Benji. I guess we are right on time this book about a lot. I noted a few things down. Also, this call is being recorded in transcribed. Hopefully the people are then join now can listen to it and maybe we have more people but operating. Let's see how that goes. In case you have any extra comments concerns questions regrets. Also, feel free to drop any message in the city of channel, right?

Scott Hewitson: That was good.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all I'll add some time for next week or in the following weeks. But if this works for everybody, then we'll do the same time next week. We'll see you then. And thank you.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, Tyler.

Benjamin B: Awesome. Thank you everyone.

Scott Hewitson: All right. Have a great day everybody.

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe guys. Bye-bye.

Tyler Wright: ever over

Benjamin B: but

Scott Hewitson: right

Meeting ended after 00:39:13 👋
