wg-provider-audit/README.md, before:

---
title: "Provider Audit Working Group"
date: 2023-1-10T00:19:20-08:00
---

# Akash Network Provider Audit Working Group

This working group is for developing an open source auditor tool for providers. The Pi3 team requested funds for building this open source tool, which passed on chain 

## Meetings

[3rd Wednesday of Every Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)


| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Wed, Feb 21, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/001-2024-02-21.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/001-2024-02-21.md#transcript) | Coming Soon
| #2 | Wed, May 1st, 2024 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | No meeting  | No meeting   | No Meeting
| #3 | Thursday, June 13, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |  [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/meetings/002-2024-06-13.md) |   [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/meetings/002-2024-06-13.md#transcript)  | [Link](https://nergf5caumt4yjgrcif4bb6yxjrq6ftqaj52ge3l63ggj3qqlqaa.arweave.net/aSJi9ECjJ8wk0RILwIfYumMPFnACe6MTa_bMZO4QXAA) 
| #4 | Wed, July 17, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) |   |   |  



## Contacts

- [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1200172631480094771/1202611858008187001)

## Goals

- Pi3 is looking to contribute to the Cloudmos indexer to expand their tasks to include examples such as: benchmarking, testing RPC nodes, tracking the lease uptime of providers, and other trackable metrics to include in their API. We would also want snapshots of this database to be made semi-regularly, if there is demand for this.

- Pi3 Team is looking to create our own open source services:
  - Stat-based, tier-based auditing service, where filtering API can be used on Cloudmos & signing can happen for CLI users. Example on the filtering this would allow.
  - General auditing, where we can have a general audit similar to how Overclock Labs sign their providers, and how Moultrie Audits signed providers. We create a set of criteria that we think are "good enough," and sign generally from this.
  - KYC-based auditing on providers and tenants. Details for this are TBD and to do the KYC, we would be working with companies that do this as a service.
  - Yet another Akash Stats Page, if there is demand for one. In the past weeks, some questions have not been able to be responded to due to data not being formatted in such a way.
  - To our knowledge, this relates to: rich lists as a pie graph, the community pool growth over time, and provider filtering shown as a demo here.

## PRDs and other documentation

- [Proposal 242](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/242)

## Related SIGs

- [sig-provider](../sig-providers/README.md)

Commit message:

feat: updates to sync community repo with website repo (#880)
Co-authored-by: Dharamveer singh <dharamveersingh.em@gmail.com>

wg-provider-audit/README.md, after:

---
title: "Provider Audit Working Group"
date: 2023-1-10T00:19:20-08:00
description: This working group is for defining any specifications and scope of code changes for making it easy to monitor providers. Note that this working group does not deal with provider analytics but is considered with pure monitoring of the infrastructure (for improved uptime, SLA and such)

category: working-groups

meetings:
  dateLabel: Calendar
  link:
    label: Subscribe to Calendar
    link: "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20"

githubLink: "https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-provider-monitoring"

discordLink: "https://discord.com/invite/akash"
---

# Akash Network Provider Audit Working Group

This working group is for developing an open source auditor tool for providers. The Pi3 team requested funds for building this open source tool, which passed on chain

## Meetings

[3rd Wednesday of Every Month](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

| Meeting | Time                                               | Notes                                                                                                     | Transcript                                                                                                           | Recording                                                                                                                    |
| ------- | -------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| #1      | Wed, Feb 21, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)       | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/001-2024-02-21.md)          | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/001-2024-02-21.md#transcript)          | Coming Soon                                                                                                                  |
| #2      | Wed, May 1st, 2024 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)      | No meeting                                                                                                | No meeting                                                                                                           | No Meeting                                                                                                                   |
| #3      | Thursday, June 13, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/meetings/002-2024-06-13.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/wg-provider-audit/meetings/002-2024-06-13.md#transcript) | [Link](https://nergf5caumt4yjgrcif4bb6yxjrq6ftqaj52ge3l63ggj3qqlqaa.arweave.net/aSJi9ECjJ8wk0RILwIfYumMPFnACe6MTa_bMZO4QXAA) |
| #4      | Wed, July 17, 2024 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)      |                                                                                                           |                                                                                                                      |

## Contacts

- [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1200172631480094771/1202611858008187001)

## Goals

- Pi3 is looking to contribute to the Cloudmos indexer to expand their tasks to include examples such as: benchmarking, testing RPC nodes, tracking the lease uptime of providers, and other trackable metrics to include in their API. We would also want snapshots of this database to be made semi-regularly, if there is demand for this.

- Pi3 Team is looking to create our own open source services:
  - Stat-based, tier-based auditing service, where filtering API can be used on Cloudmos & signing can happen for CLI users. Example on the filtering this would allow.
  - General auditing, where we can have a general audit similar to how Overclock Labs sign their providers, and how Moultrie Audits signed providers. We create a set of criteria that we think are "good enough," and sign generally from this.
  - KYC-based auditing on providers and tenants. Details for this are TBD and to do the KYC, we would be working with companies that do this as a service.
  - Yet another Akash Stats Page, if there is demand for one. In the past weeks, some questions have not been able to be responded to due to data not being formatted in such a way.
  - To our knowledge, this relates to: rich lists as a pie graph, the community pool growth over time, and provider filtering shown as a demo here.

## PRDs and other documentation

- [Proposal 242](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/242)

## Related SIGs

- [sig-provider](../sig-providers/README.md)
