
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda

- Luna is going to share service icons their team has been working on. Luna will be creating a spec to collect feedback and make changes.
- Denis is going to share ux/ui visual kit draft.
- Denis is going to share brand guide draft.


## Meeting Details

- Date: Thursday, February 2, 2023
- Time: 8:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://uj3nmvkwwqwjkd3jzkkhbjf3w7rewuvfqrmcdapficmmik4gudzq.arweave.net/onbWVVa0LJUPacqUcKS7t-JLUqWEWCGB5UCYxCuGoPM_)
- [Transcript](#Transcript)


## Participants

- Joao Luna
- Zach Horn
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Denis Lelic

## Notes

- Parcticipants talked about what sig-design does.
- Responsibilities of sig-design include all visual communication across touchpoints on Akash. Touchpoints include website, products, documentation, marketing, and countless other places.
- Sig-design is also responsbile for policing brand principles as they are used by builders and community members across the Akash Ecosystem. 
- Parcticipants agreed to have the monthly meeting on a Wednesday, between 9am and 12pm pacific time.
- Zach wants to share ideas with community regularly via Twitter. Sharing designs is a way to get community feedback, and get more people involved in sig-design and the design process.
- Any designs that community wants feedback on should be shared in sig-design, with attention to amplify on Twitter.
- Luna saw a lack of icons for the services tool. His team created icons for services like "Persistant storage", "IP Leases", and others. Luna and his team are creating a spec that they will share with the community. 
- Luna wants to have consistent design language that can be used across tools (alerts, deployments, etc.


### Action Items

- Denis is going to create a spec for the Brand Guide, showing logos, how to use logos, etc.
- Denis is going to create a spec for Akash Templates; including for social media, video guides, website, marketing, and beyond.
- Denis is going to create a spec for Community Branded Assets, like "Akash Insiders" logos.
- Luna is going to add a spec to Github featuring service icons created by his team. 
- Tyler is going to check on how to share files for design. Denis wants to use Figma. The account is free.
- Tyler is going to add a monthly meeting on a Wednesday between 9am and 12pm pacific time.
- Next meeting we should talk about how to distribute visual assets to the community.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right. Well, welcome to the charter.

Denis Lelic: Testing testing.

Tyler Wright: Yep, SIG design. Again, this is a special interest group that came out of the most recent steering committee. Something, I think that many folks across the Akash community are really interested in at this big is really focused on. You know, visual communication, whether it be Ash brand.

George Pro: You.

Tyler Wright: Or specific. You know, UX UI kits, you know, and tools icons, all that kind of stuff, kind of falls under the peer view of SIG design as well as again as we talked about swag and any other visual communication. a ways in which we can connect with the community, and with users in general,

Tyler Wright:  Before we get into fun stuff because I know that there's a an agenda I know that Luna has some items that he wants to share, and I know that Denis has some items we want to share. We wanted to kick off this SIG design meeting as soon as possible because we do think this is a very important SIG. One thing to add well as designing visual communication assets, We also want to make sure that we're holding the community accountable to the work that this SIG does. So as an example, if we design new brand guides or new icons for things, we want to make sure that people are using them in the right scale in the right size and using the right files and make sure that we're holding again the community accountable as much as we can.

Tyler Wright:  With that said because we want to get this started as quickly as possible. We have this initial meeting that happened Thursday. I know that Luna did a great job of putting together the repo on Github but we have no firm time for this monthly meeting as we move forward. I do want to make sure that like Luna some of your team members are here. Obviously Dennis George who is going to be helping support this SIG so I don't know if we want to talk about a time right now or take that conversation to discord but I do want to make sure as an action item that we find a time that works for everybody for the monthly meeting.

Tyler Wright:  One thing Luna, I know you put it on Mondays. One thing that we're trying to avoid is Monday or Friday SIG meetings just because it's hard for people like sometimes at the beginning and end of the week to make it. And so we're trying to timebox or schedule everything for Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,

Joao Luna: All right. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. I'm gonna have the initial thoughts. I know Luna, you have some other dependencies on your side of folks that would like to participate in this. Um is there a time that sticks out to you right now? Like, a time of day is eight am Pacific. Too late, too early.

Joao Luna: it might be too early 10 and a half is the best time, but if it's like, Nine, we can manage.

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. Okay.

Joao Luna: Like so can reach a middle ground as well. So it's it's andâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.

Joao Luna: the day is not really. Like, there's no really.

Joao Luna:  A bad day, I would say like the better days are like Mondays of course, as Fridays and Wednesdays. So I guess when this is good for us,

Denis Lelic: Here. No,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay, so we'll look to schedule when a Wednesday around.

Joao Luna:  But yeah.

Tyler Wright: 10 Denis. Is that too late for you? 10 am Pacific.

Denis Lelic: that's good for me. Luna where are you based?

Tyler Wright:  Okay.

Joao Luna:  Portugal, my whole team is based on Portugal.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. All right,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Cool.

Tyler Wright: that's the main administrative item that I will turn into an action item. Again, George has volunteered to support taking notes and taking a leadership role in the SIG design. So like managing notes managing helping to support. Like the structure, I'm going to be meeting with him next week about what that means, but I'm very excited to have George's support in this SIG and also in sick community. So I just want to make that known.

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right, without further ado again, all the boring stuff is out of the way, Um, to this point Overclock prior to this open source. Restructuring, you know, Zach, Dennis and myself from Overclock Labs, have really tried to put a focus on putting together, some brand guides a brand guide for a cost network.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Here.

Tyler Wright: You know, we noticed that as folks were building in the community in 2022. Folks did a great job of trying to use the proper akash assets, but there was still a fair amount of inconsistency in the way that we were communicating the brand both visually and through copy and messaging.

Tyler Wright:  And so, really something that we want to get on the same page about and work together as a community to define is what our, what the brand is for Akash. And then, what some of those visual assets may may look like, so Dennis, I don't know if you want to present, but again, I want to also give Luna some time as well because I know we have some service icons that he wants to share with the group.

Denis Lelic: Sure.

Denis Lelic: and we're basically, Trying to support the contributors, all the builders of Akash network. And on the other hand, of course, I want to see

Denis Lelic:  If there's any community member who wants to show anything, I'm happy Luna's already and involved in designing stuff, so that's cool. Yeah, but if we talk, maybe I can just sharing my screen.

Joao Luna: In the meantime, can I just clarify? Something is is scope of such as sick design to address how we communicate as well in like every aspect of it For instance, like people refer to a cash as like a cloud, some refer it as a compute marketplace. Should we also like a line? What it should be branded as is that Do you think this is, that is also the scope of this SIG? And what we do here?

Tyler Wright: I, I do believe that right now, um, it should be within the scope of the SIG design, especially as it relates to brand identity, if we determine down the road,â€¦

Joao Luna: Exactly.

Tyler Wright: that we should separate some of the messaging out into like a SIG. Marketing or something else. I think we can determine it that factor at that time. But if we have the same folks that care about the messaging part like, Zach cares about the messaging part and he's part of SIG design, then I I would vote to just keep it all in-house and this be one of the initial deliverables that SIG design puts out.

Joao Luna: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Do you have any give? Okay.

Zach Horn: I would I would agree with that. Yeah. Yes, arts. I I would agree with that. Messaging can definitely stay in here there. I mean SIG like a SIG marketing may come at some point down the line, but it's not it's not going to be in the short term. So for now, definitely messaging can stay here and and we can push deliverables through this thing. I think that's that's fine for the moment.

Denis Lelic: Here.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, cool. Yeah, and maybe at this point we can just talk about the visual part so the visual identity.

Denis Lelic:  of Akash network, which kind of Touches everything in a way and we really want to support everyone like from in individ individuals and to teams across different areas like marketing products, I don't know, video production and so on. So basically anyone trying to produce Peace of content or maybe something more complex. Like, I don't know. Adding a new feature to cut for console, for example,

Denis Lelic:  Um, yeah, but while while doing that, we also need to set up a set of rules or guidelines. So we come up very consistent consistent in our, our appearance across many different channels and touch points from digital to physical maybe in some events. So the goal is to have unified experience wherever Someone interacts with Akash network.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Just can you see my screen maybe? Okay, yeah.

Joao Luna: Yeah, we can.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Denis Lelic: So this is like a first draft of brand identity, guidelines. For for a cash network. So we have a set of logos. and,

Denis Lelic:  there were, they were requests from some of the team members because we have these, which are You know, they have radiance inside. And so I came up with these which are flat and are basically just for printing purposes Then we have secondary logos, which include also the domain. We have a set of colors. How colors behave or basically, how a logo behaves on?

00:10:00

Denis Lelic:  Certain color. We have typography.

Denis Lelic:  One thing which is kind of challenging is to find. Assets that are open source. So like icons fonts everything needs to be available.

Denis Lelic:  To anyone who wishes to participate. So Satoshi is what the font of Akash network and you can just download it from fawnshare.com. Illustrations are something that it's that it's used. Also, it's going to be used on the website, it's not there yet, but

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, this is more like a marketing material as well. And I see we could use this in many different ways, but mostly like marketing. We also have some photography guidelines. We already. Had this in the pipeline a long time ago. So we have kind of like um, very minimalistic photography style and I would say, We would avoid like, generic cloud.

Denis Lelic:  Basically the this thing, what you see here?

Denis Lelic:  What do you guys think?

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think it makes sense. I do agree with avoiding the generic cloud tech. way of

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, it's like this. floating things with fingers touching some

Joao Luna:  yes. With the secret boards. Oh yeah. And the Matrix style, the backgrounds. I think that's yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, and then we also have something like guidelines. Like size. Clear space. Let me see. As you see this document is still in the making so it's a bit messy but it's gonna be done. I hope. So, I hope this week. So this is clear space and what happens when you communicate to brands one next to each? Other, both should have enough space. So they're not like fighting for attention. What Not to Do WITH Logos, It's one important thing. And what not to do with colors.

Denis Lelic:  And then, I have added like a couple of YouTube.

Denis Lelic:  Thumbnails templates, basically. Just so whoever starts, I don't know doing a piece of content has these templates and just fill in fills and the text and it's good to go. I try to keep it simple.

Denis Lelic:  and not to overdo it or not to make it too complicated because maybe some of the community members are not dead deep into the design, so, I believe having something simple, we're just, you know, you can exchange the texts and you're good to go. But at the same time, it's going to be like, okay, we're still using like every everything like from the core brand assets, we have the logo, we have the colors, we have, the typography there, and Like all of the basic stuff. And also a couple of social media.

Denis Lelic:  Templates. Really simple. But hopefully we're gonna have like designers, you know, that are willing to do more, and they want to do something a bit more challenging. But for now, I think having something simple is the best way to go. And also, like, I I spent some time on community branding. I wanted to give insiders and vanguards something of their own so like a signature or something. So, the insiders and vanguards have this handwritten.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic:  lettering, which is kind of a nod for, you know, it gives for to the community it kind of gives you the

Denis Lelic:  That people, I don't know. People touch, like someone wrote it by hand and it's kind of like it belongs to the people. I hope I hope I made it clear.

Denis Lelic:  And also there's like alternative. Lettering. Someone to put it on the T-shirt and then we have like a kosh vanguards and insiders. And this is where I kind of like identity.

Denis Lelic:  Breaks the rule. But, you know, it's still belongs to the same. Network, I guess.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. I um again, this is something that I've seen Luna, we, I would love to

Tyler Wright: the specific brand guide that has Everything about the logo, how to use it, how not to use it, the illustrations, all that kind of stuff. And then really like the brand around like templates is like a whole novel thing that we have like,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Denis created a baseline right now. But we would love folks that participate in this SIG design or that are interested in design to develop new templates orâ€¦

Joao Luna: If?

Tyler Wright: scale up that library of templates that we have. And then community branding, is that third pillar that I think, is important, where as Denis has right here, we think about how we can create specific brands around some of these big initiatives at Akash, whether it be the insiders vanguards, you know, validators, whatever the case may be, I see those as three specific deliverables, that maybe Denis you can put

Joao Luna: but can

Tyler Wright: Into three specific items on the sick design andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: You sure.

Joao Luna: Can I just add something andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: we can comment on them and then talk about them. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna: maybe make that for deliverables in just some food for thought that here also having like a template, or like a similar to what you did here. Sorry. I don't really know the technical names that I'm not the design, but like, they played like this, but for the specific group of partnerships. So how they, how like, partnership should be presented. So, like so one logo is not bigger than the other and, like, having some kind of superiority idea or like diminishing the other project. So those kind of those guidelines where, like, partnership between two projects, the locals should be like,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yes. Yeah,â€¦

Joao Luna: kind of something like this. Yeah. Of unconsciousness presentation. Sorry.

Denis Lelic: but just in a form of assembly.

Denis Lelic:  yeah, this is just some example like, like each of these should have their own space, but I believe you're talking about having a template where

Joao Luna: One. Yeah where like to announce partnerships or stuff. I guess it's for instance,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: for instance. Imagine we are using this. This might not be a good one because there's like a line separating both projects which might have some symbolism. I'm not really into that. That's for me to have been that but I don't know how designers think about this stuff. So yeah so just just an idea.

Tyler Wright: and,

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  And I'll also if we can have access to this side, I'll share this with our designer and she'll give some feedback as well. If you'd like, of course.

Denis Lelic:  Sure, great.

Tyler Wright: You know, the whole point of this thing is again to get all the design. Folks in the same room, you know, while Denis is lead designer and overclock again, this is like a akash community effort. So we're just driving the ship right now because we've been thinking about this actively. But the hope is that you know, whether it be folks from your team or other folks have shown interest in support and design, we can all come together and share assets.

Joao Luna: What?

Tyler Wright: Talk about, you know, what we like, and don't like and make comments about assets. And then come to some sort of consensus on, you know what we think. She's good enough to move forward, you know. I think there's enough great and quality minds of here to be like, Yeah, this is approved and we can and we can start sharing this with the community.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: yeah, one of the things that I'd like to do is also like, all of all of the files are going to be shared For example here. One second, where is it?

Denis Lelic: I know Figma has like,

Denis Lelic:  An option to share all of your files to the figma community. So you can just create a link and share with everyone and whoever wants to Do something with it. Just creates a copy of it, some ads, whatever changes. They like to add and we can discuss that maybe on discord or on our calls and Update the templates and update the guidelines or whatever we want to do. The last one is also, yeah. Type

Tyler Wright: I was just gonna ask is that require everybody to have access to Figma because I understand what you're saying. My only feedback would would be

Zach Horn: Yeah, just just right on that point, one thing that I've been doing on Twitter recently that I'd like to do with this too. If you guys agree, is that we've been putting some of these questions to the community, you know, it's a nice easy things that they can do. Like, you know, Hey, here's two logos, which ones you like better before. We get to the point that this is like a finalized deliverable. I would like to surface some of this to the community in a way. That's like they don't have to go into a pigma file or even a PDF really just like, hey, here's three logos. Which one do you like, the most something like that, just nice, easy ways that the community can participate, excuse me?

Tyler Wright: I would perfectly.

Zach Horn: So just as a broad point like as we get closer to what's going to be like, Hey, this is the final community design or brand guide. You know, starting to service some of these into the communities that feel like like they were a part of it, and then, when the finalized thing comes out, they can see their choices in it. So, One thought there. Yeah. Luna

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright:  I would agree. Go ahead. Dennis.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, regarding your point about figma, so anyone can create an account and it's free for personal use. So if you, for example, if you grab this file from the figma community,

Denis Lelic:  You just duplicate it and you can edit whatever you want to edit there. But if you want to have like a team where you set up a library for UI components and stuff like that, then you have to buy the license but for other stuff like just playing around by yourself, it's free to use. Yeah. And the other thing, What Zach mentioned. I think we should like lock up a set of assets that are let's say untouchable because just because we want to be consistent, we don't want to change our appearance and mess up with users. Like Hey what's going on? Why, why are you? I don't know. Blue now and change your fonts to times in the last three months.

Denis Lelic:  So maybe I don't know. Like we already we already had like discussions about merch, for example. Like Do you prefer this T-shirt or a hoodie or this or the that? Maybe like stuff like that, it's more.

Denis Lelic:  a matter of discussion with community,

Zach Horn: I hear what you're saying. I the only my only thought there is that. I just for my opinion I'd like to avoid the vibe that we're dictating to the community like this is what we're doing and you must follow these rules and more of a like, Hey here's what we're thinking about from a design standpoint like, What do you think? And obviously it's just feedback so like you know, they can they can say whatever they want and then we can decide as a sig like what we're actually going to implement and just take it all with a grain of salt. But yeah, I do I do want to avoid That like, you know, us first then kind of a thing. Yeah, time.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. Um I hear what you're saying, Zach. I My two senses I would tend to agree with Denis in in just in the fact that I think as pertains to the Akash logo. And how to use and how not to use. I think that's pretty pretty. Well, defined and the community hasn't given any Real negative feedback. It seems like that's a consensus effort, so I believe that that should be locked, I believe that things like templates swag. Um, and many other design files, I do think that that's something that we should share with the community and get communities input and then find people in the community that want to contribute. Like, Oh, I like that design. But I got it, I got another idea and then we can get more people involved in this big, but I do think that we have to create some sort of like

Tyler Wright: These things are the way they are. And then if we decide that we want to change them and we just make a working group about it. Like, if folks, like our adamant,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Here.

Tyler Wright: that we need a new logo, then I think that should be a working group, but that should be locked right now and that should be a bigger discussion to to have the change.

Zach Horn: Just to be. Yeah, just to be very clear like I'm I'm not saying that we put Logos out and say like, Hey like how should we change the logo or like What should a new logo be It's more like, Hey Here's like it's sharing the work, you know, it's like Hey here's what we talked about today. Like Check out our new, You know, our design assets. Like What do you guys think?

Denis Lelic: Here.

Zach Horn: Like, super open-ended, and then we can just see the feedback community feels like they get to give feedback and input and whatnot. Obviously, I'm not saying that it's like, Hey, read is not a logo for us. Or like, do you think we should use a gradient on the logo? You know,

Tyler Wright: I think that's fair. I think that's,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah. That's good.

Tyler Wright: that's fair. so, maybe as another action item Denis when this is in a state that we want to start sharing like for members of this SIG,â€¦

Zach Horn: If you.

Tyler Wright: we can also share with the community at large via Twitter and then have a call to action, like, Hey, if you're interested in like, besides just giving us feedback on Twitter, join the Sega design on discord and come to the next monthly meeting which will define You know.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah. Cool. The other thing is Akash UI kit.

Tyler Wright:  Cool.

Denis Lelic: so this is a bit of more, it's quite a complex project, but I want to

Denis Lelic:  have something that, you know, it's gonna be easy for Front end teams to to I don't know, implement a button there or go even further and create some complex product user interfaces. So yeah, but starting off we have the same assets as in Brand, like, we have the same logo, we have the same fonts, Colors are a bit more. Colors are a bit more. Extended. There's an extended. Color palette for for user interface, like with a lot of shading going on and secondary colors gradients, and so on, and also icons.

Denis Lelic:  I want to have something like, Open Source, an open source. Set of icons. So we don't have to do like thousand and thousands of icons on our own, because we're gonna end up just doing that. So, for example, this is like a feather set of icons which is open source. You can also find it on GitHub and there's like a big set of icons here.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, cool. Are and there's another bigger set of icons here. It's also available on Github. Yeah. but, This is still a project, a file in the making. So I still have to modify and do a lot of stuff here, but if we could get any product designers on SIG, design would be great because this is kind of time-consuming. Yeah, Thai

Tyler Wright: I was just going to say very quickly, I know that Luna has to run and he wanted to talk about some service icons. You want to present while you have the 10 minutes Luna.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I'll be listening that I just won't be able to talk, I don't want to interrupt Denis so but one thing that I wanted to add that I was wanted also to discuss here and this might be something that we can leave to the end was because it's complex and it ties a little bit with what Denis is showing here which is the idea of developing a design system for products across the The ecosystem. So they are like some consistencies on how to show, like how deployment should be showed the kind of buttons. The alerts, how the messages for errors should be on in that sense. So that different tools can have somethings in common and feel Natural switching between them. So, that's something that you could be really cool to explore. I don't know what you think.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that was the goal.

Tyler Wright: Probably.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, of this thing.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I I see that what that's what you would you were achieving here with the action panels and like alerts and all that stuff. I think that's that's really great interest in something that we should strive for. And I want to hear more. I just I mean kind of in a hurry because I have to leave, but I'll be listening and if you don't mind then, he's maybe I can share what So I've been working on so that way I can really,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Sure, please do.

Joao Luna: I don't really need to be summoned.

Joao Luna:  So, yeah, let me just open here and I'll share my screen. So, me and my team have been working on a couple of documentations. And we noticed that the lack of like icons for for services, which is not really a problem. But well, the other cloud providers do have that, please, I like architectural, documents, design, documents and, and stuff like that. So we started. And we also wanted to include this in our websites. So we started to develop a bunch of That icons for the services to have some visual identification for them. So I'll be sharing my screen so you can have a look Let me just select the window.

Joao Luna:  Hopefully, I can find it. Not not this one.

Joao Luna: Oh sorry,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If you.

Joao Luna: I'm not finding.

Joao Luna:  Okay, I'm not finding it. So, I'll just share the file.

Joao Luna:  The File Finder. So, you are now able to see them, right?

Joao Luna:  Okay, so yeah. Sorry you can see the white ones, but the whites are basically in the same but in white and this, these are like the icons we've designed for For the services that the Akash network provides, and its partners and in, these are like, so, these are without the background, all that have white background, or without the background, and the red ones are like, the ones that actually have a background, and are most useful for diagram drawing tools. I've positive posted a tweet. I don't know if you saw where we designed some documentation with these ones. And these are the so these will be all in a spec. These are not final. We want the community to have some feedback and better help us deliver the message and we want deliver with this icons.

Joao Luna:  And they have them be easily understood so it can be used on technical documentation but yeah. So we have what represents like a component and akash deployment. So basically here we went for the CPU wires thing with three dashes that represents a container. So these are like the serverless containers that you can run on akash. This is kind of a spoiler on a survey that we are doing, which is basically allowing streaming of data that data streams on Akash. Let's not talk too much about this yet. In drafts.

Joao Luna:  So we have the alerts that are provided by cloud models. So these are cloud models alerts which is like the second is. Second for instance can definitely be improved. I love to have the community comment on it. We have the icon for ipleases, We have a persistence storage which is one that can might also be able to be improved and better represent the persistence storage portion and the decentralized idea as well. And then the last one is the one for omnibus which is giving the idea of the cosmosis system, the circles and like the templates little square. So that's kind of the message that we were trying to deliver this one. I think it turned out pretty, pretty cool. And yeah, these are the ones that we have for, for the current services, and they are available on.

00:35:00

Joao Luna:  I'll post a link in the chat, but yeah, this desired kind of things that we we on our side are trying to, to do and have some consistency on and approval and hopefully make it official. So we can start communicating through documentation and have a clear message that that makes sense.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, my initial feedback is, I love the direction which this is going. I think this is terrific and I love that you guys, you all are taking this on. Um I would love to maybe between monthly meetings and we could do this async and discord put together some sort of list of all.

Joao Luna: It.

Tyler Wright: The services or icons that we're thinking about, I think this is a great start to share with the community. And then we can start to like, activate as calls to action folks in the community that think about like other services icons. You know, messages that we want to kind of be in the same language, but I love the start, I love this.

Tyler Wright:  Maybe it's another action item is maybe another way to use Sig design and Zach this would fall on you. So let me know what you think about this. Luna. If you have anything that you want the community to to comment on, I think you do a great job of sharing it on your Twitter. I also think it would be great to amplify that message on a cautious Twitter. So maybe we can use SIG design as a place. Like, Hey, we want some comments from the community. Can you amplify this tweet or can we put out a tweet and and maybe we can sign all the tweets that have SIG design in there somewhere. So that again, the call to action is always to join the discord or join a meeting, but that we have like, constant communication with the community via like some of these messages kind of stuff. Go ahead, Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I couldn't agree with that more. One of the things for the main Akashic account that I want to start doing really. As soon as possible is getting more like, Tyler, exactly what you're saying. Like if somebody out there could be you Luna are really anybody. Putting work on their own Twitter and then we're amplifying from the Akash account. I think that's a great look for us. So like, Yeah, if there's anything you want to share, let me know. So I can amplify because we definitely want to do more of that.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah, sure. Definitely. Okay. Then I guess the first thing will be when I finally do the spec That that can be identified.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely, I think we got respect.

Joao Luna:  and,

Tyler Wright: We got Luna you got a spec around these service. Icons. And then Denis has has a spec around the brand guide. We'll do a separate like spec around some of the templates and maybe included. In those templates, we can have like the announcement template Denis so that we can start to get some community feedback on how like we announce partnerships and how logos kind of match up, maybe that could be separate from the branding and then we could do that last one of like community branding? Yeah, exactly. Those three specs.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright:  I know that Luna we also talked about which I think is a great idea. Like the UX UI spec that for, unless you all disagree, maybe we can save that for A couple of weeks so that like the order of operations is we have like these kind of specs about brand and icons that maybe come out next week. And then following that we start to talk about like UX UI tooling across the entire network.

Tyler Wright:  Cool.

Joao Luna: Yeah, that makes sense. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, yeah, amazing. No, thank you. All right, I got some action items. I'm gonna put down and again, I'll talk to George offline about like kind of the notes. Um, but I think it's yeah, it Luna. If you have to head out, feel free. Dennis, do you want to share anything more,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Tyler Wright: even if it's just for recording sake, because I know that some folks couldn't make it today and we're probably gonna are gonna watch the recording.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I just found like the community page on Figma.

00:40:00

Denis Lelic:  Like all of whoever wants to decide to share his own designs files. Come up here. So I don't know, it's a IBM or Google or whoever design system. I think it's called carbon. Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  So, for example, there's a IBM account here and they share their color styles icons fonts and the whole carbon design system. So This works in a way that you pick one, you get a copy and you created stuff on your own.

Denis Lelic:  Pretty, it's pretty simple but it's quite effective.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. So the deliverable is you're gonna create like an open community version for Akash. That we can link the link somewhere.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. It's yeah, it's basically like open source in your design. You create account.

Tyler Wright:  Yep.

Denis Lelic: We already have that and you just make all of the files available for the community to use to copy to add it but they can you know propose changes and edits through these SIG meetings and we can update the files it's not like anyone can grab it and change it. They have to create a copy of it and change it and then propose, a design. Something like it's like forking a design and then proposing a change.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. George has put something in the chat that links to, I think like a Google. Experience.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. It's like a material material design from Google. It's also open source design system.

Tyler Wright:  Exactly. One thing that maybe we could talk about next meeting is so we have like we're gonna be probably spending the next month working on the deliverables and probably and I'm sure beyond that developing deliverables that we're going to share with the community. One thing that I know that Dennis you thought about but I just want to make sure that everybody is on the same page about is how we're going to share the community. So dense. I know you just describe the way via figma via this community resource but we also going to make the assets available on our on the Akash website just like all those endpoints so that we can make it clear from a call to action standpoint. When we're holding people accountable where stuff is

Tyler Wright:  Again not a conversation today, but something that we should talk about in the next meeting.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah. For sure.

Denis Lelic:  Okay.

Tyler Wright:  Um cool, does anyone else have anything that they want to talk about? today, I know that we have a fair amount of action items if when those action items are done if they could be posted in

Tyler Wright:  Discord and maybe in Github as well, even if it's in the discussion section, for design SIG design, that might be good. But let's start by putting them in SIG dissig, design in discord and then we can figure out where they should live from the

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Sure, great.

Tyler Wright:  All right. George Zach, you have anything you want to add or talk about relate to sickness.

George Pro: Actually. Looking forward forâ€¦

Tyler Wright: If?

George Pro: what the design team is doing one thing I want to another time I want to add it. How about maybe? The, the Sick design team. The sick design group will help one. One figma far, but all those who want to participate in the sick design will can add and change can comment can do anything. So whenever they are done with the design, then they will presentation today. to the community instead of Putting everything together and then bring it into the community. We should have like some particular group of peopleâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

George Pro: who are really interested in the design. Who can contribute to that figure my father they can change. They can edit, they can do everything.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I agree. I agree with that. Um, that's a great point. George said We've already been able to identify you as like a leader within this SIG. Obviously, Denis is a leader within SIG andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Here.

Tyler Wright: so is Luna and some of his team if we can identify other folks, that want to take on more leadership roles than we can figure out what those roles entail, whether it be accesses for certain files to do things but I think that's a great point.

00:45:00

George Pro:  All right.

Denis Lelic:  Agree.

Tyler Wright: All right if there's nothing else. Then again we can close out this charter of the charter meeting of the SIG design and then continue to work async as we do create some of those deliverables and such sharing them with the community.

Denis Lelic:  Yes.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. One action item. That is on my plate is I'll just put a meeting on the calendar for probably a Wednesday during the month. George is. This time? Good for you, is earlier better, is 9:00 am Pacific, or 8am Pacific better, or is or any of those times are, right?

George Pro: Yeah, this one is really fine for me is really working for me.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, beautiful. So, I'll try to make it closer to 9:00 am Pacific. Time to manage everyone. All right. Well, thank you all for participating in this charter SIG design, really. Looking forward to all the work that's six gonna put together. So please, we'll talk on discord.

Denis Lelic: Right. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Thank you.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Take.

George Pro: Are you,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Thanks. Bye.

George Pro: everyone? Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:46:21 ðŸ‘‹
