
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Identify what participants are passionate about and how they would like to contribute to Akash.
- Present assets related to Akash Brand identity for discussion and review.
- Discuss whats happenning with [Akash Website working group](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-akash-website).
- Present assets related to Akash Console UX / UI, including "post GA" issues, if time permits. Issues to be added to [Akash Console Repo](https://github.com/akash-network/website/issues)

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 22, 2023
- Time: 08:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://e6wptkexnljmfnq6swe4qbbu54assn65grzlurzvpizzlreiro5q.arweave.net/J6z5qJdq0sK2HpWJyAQ07wEpN900crpHNXozlcSIi7s)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants


- ARTHUR PAUL
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Julius Lattke
- Tyler Wright 
- Zach Horn

## Notes


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right. All right. Welcome to SIG Design. A monthly meeting number two. In the first meeting, we kind of got to know each other a little bit. Again, there's some participants as a part of the SIG design. They're not currently here, but we have a group across a number of different organizations that are currently working on design assets related to UX UI related to the AKASH brand as well as like community assets. You know that a caution SIDERS or other community initiatives can use

Tyler Wright:  Um, this is definitely a SIG where we want to incorporate the community as much as possible. So while there are a number of designers that are currently here, we're going to be looking for feedback as we go through a design process from community members or other people that might have critiques, that can help the design and we want to be very quick. So moving between meetings, continuing to iterate on those designs, whether they're in figma illustrator or elsewhere and then trying to share them with the community and publicly accessible place. So they could be distributed for use, across clients or others that are developing tutorials guides or whatever leveraging their cash brand.

Tyler Wright:  So, without further ado, I do want to pass it off to Denis. Who. Again, last meeting we talked about initial accost brand and the brand guide, as well as some templates that can be used for Akash and other partnerships and other sort of templates, I want to pass off to Denis, we can share screen and we can start talking about some of the designs in the path forward.

Tyler Wright: No, we'll go andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: If they join that. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: then we can just like look at the recording and we could talk about it in discord if they need.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I think we have a lot of stuff to cover so maybe we just move on. Yeah, there's been some You know, activity on discord. Maybe we just go through it like on a very high level.

Denis Lelic:  And we can just cover all of those different topics. um, first, I want to Show some appreciation to Julius because he's been like very active and George. So, big, big shout out and thank you guys for participating in our meetings. Unfortunately, I wanted to present also Andrea with she's a She's a part of Luna's team. She's a designer as well. She likes to work on brand design, marketing stuff. And We also have.

Denis Lelic:  Arthur Paul, I think you are UX designer. And as I mentioned we got George who's like been really active in all of our meetings brings up Great ideas and topics to discuss and of course, Julius. Is also a designer. I believe you're actively involved in all of the Cosmos ecosystem projects. I'll, which is great to have an experience designer from the ecosystem.

Denis Lelic:  So yeah, let's maybe just cover different topics from, from a high level. Yeah. And one thing, you know, I just mentioned like all of different kind of designers. So, we're kind of forming a group, which could complete each other. So I think we're off to a great start. Yeah, like Tyler mentioned brand guidelines, those couple of new things? There we have assets and guidelines on Brand Pad, which is a platform quite user friendly. Easy to update.

Denis Lelic:  And it seems like a platform where more and more brands are getting involved. And they, The hosting their assets there and guidelines and it's just a nice source of information and easily shareable across community. Another thing for for brand guidelines, actually assets is

Denis Lelic:  I've created a figma community profile for Akash networks. So, there's

Denis Lelic:  A logos. So at Brand Assets there and also like some style guide for the website, which is still kind of coming along. I know Julius has seen some of that I shared it with with him privately, but now it's available to like public. um,

00:05:00

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, if you're interested, you know, just search through search in figma community files and just write Akash network and I'm sure it's gonna pop up. Mmm. Yeah, another thing we talked about last time was community branding. And as a starting point, I dropped a little teaser on discord, and I hope it would serve kind of a bait for discussion among insiders or vanguards, so they put kind of get involved in in this designing process.

Denis Lelic:  But I guess I'm gonna reach out directly to community. Members and ask them. What exactly do they need? How do they feel about community branding? What's good, what's wrong, what's working, what's missing, and so on?

Denis Lelic:  And after that we can just like figure out how exactly that looks. And where do we apply community branding?

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. One thing we haven't discussed yet and it also part of it's part of the SIG. Design is messaging and I'm glad Zach and Tyler are here if you want to. After we cover, let's say design stuff. We could also start discussing messaging.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I just wanted to mention like That these meetings are. Not just dedicated for. retrospective and planning and, and so on, but in these SIG meetings We use this time to brainstorm to. So if anyone has new initiatives, new ideas, it's now is the time to bring them up and we can discuss them in this meetings and if necessary, we can form a group and so on, um,

Denis Lelic:  And me and Tyler are actually talked about it. And maybe I'm gonna be the initiate first initiator, and I'm gonna propose a dedicated website for Akash Design community where we can showcase. Our contributions and meaning like in any any shape or form that could be graphics, merge. Product design, basically anything design related?

Denis Lelic:  And it was serve just like a place where we could use it as our canvas playground and showcase whatever we think would work for Akash and doesn't necessarily mean it's gonna live in reality but just to have a platform where we can play around. And hopefully it's good. This is gonna serve as invitation for other designers and other

Denis Lelic:  Volunteers, participants community members to get involved.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I know, I covered couple of things and I just want to post all of these. Into discord channel. For each of these topics, there's a document that's being drafted at the moment. And it's not finalized, it's not done. It's meant to be as just as a kickoff. So anyone who's willing to

Denis Lelic:  Contribute to that document. Go for it. I'll be happy to hear some of your thoughts.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, that's kind of like covering the topics from a very high level.

Tyler Wright: It.

Denis Lelic:  And Tyler. I'll let you be the moderator.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Now you're fine. Um, I think this is a good starting point. Again, The Overclock team prior to, this more open model, had led by Denis had really tried to develop a brand that could be built on by the community and was a cohesive brand, that had many ways in which the community could use it. We understand that this is a growing ecosystem of people that had different design aesthetics. So we wanted to create a brand that had that could stand on its own, but it could be built upon. And so, when we look at this brand guide, again, as Denis' mentioned, this is a starting point that we feel

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Fairly strongly about some of the assets like they have already built some brand equity in the space and people know about Akash and people see the logo but all whether it be messaging or whether it be typography or somebody's other assets. Again, the goal is very much for the growing akash community to be able to leverage these assets and however, they see fit in a cohesive way so that when companies are using terraform or they're using cloud mode. So they're using pray to our another tool that is yet to be developed. There's some design continuity, and a design language is carried across. All those different clients andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  If?

Tyler Wright: all those different products so that the user experience is kind of optimized and the brand continues to develop right, Akash brand on its own continues to develop. I know that Julius has to leave fairly soon. I do think when the deliverables so this is in the chat, the brand pad is in the chat as well as like the figma files, it would be great.

George Pro: Here.

Tyler Wright: Things we can talk about. Design direction things that could be improved, whether it be line weight or color or type you know all those kinds of things as we look to again continue to develop this brand. So, I know Julius has some time. I don't know if you have some initial thoughts on the brand guidelines, the logo the mark colors, all that kind of stuff, putting messaging to the side for right now.

Julius Lattke: What? What does messaging mean in that context?

Tyler Wright: So messaging is kind of the stuff that, you know, we've been talking about like what is akash, What does Akash do, you know? But be sometimes hear messaging is like, You will own your cloud and you will like it. Previously, it was Decloud previously is decentralized. What are the words that we're using? How we talking to developers how we're talking to token holders? How are we talking to the community like you and I that made me not be super technical but understands a product beliefs and the product could sell it to somebody else. How do we talk the community about that? And that all fits it within the brand. It's not the visual communication part. But it's the part that our companies that that's that talks about like, again, or How do we say like How do we have an error message? I know it's something Luna and his team are thinking about How can we unify some of this messaging so that when users are working with the network, everything is everything is straightforward and clean and it's an inviting experience that makes people want to use it.

Julius Lattke: Okay. Nice. Yeah, that sounds that sounds awesome. Also like stuff like What problem does Akash actually solve like, like basic communication stuff would be cool to have summer maybe even in the brand guidelines. If it aren't already, I mean you have the tone of voice there. I don't know if that's The thing, I guess not.

Denis Lelic: At the moment is just a placeholder for us to fill it up.

Julius Lattke: One thing, like I have like I love the, the refine branding, the only thing like that, I think is limiting right now are those illustrations. I already talked to Greg about it with to Denis about it, and, but I would love So I would love to bring something to the table. Like next time, what I can think of what could be like a nice addition to it, but not like completely different. But like on the side of it, I don't know, something like this but so I don't work. Just want to criticize and then don't present something. But I wanted to join here before before I come in and like bring bring something. But yeah, I think it's something that can be in addition there like to to visualize some technical stuff orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: If you.

Julius Lattke: like layers of. If you want to explain something that's something, I'm I think that maybe missing, but I think on the, on the everything else looks pretty good to work with to be honest.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Yeah, I do think that's a great point to add. I, I know that we've been trying to with the illustrations trying to incorporate like a style, you know, I'm not really sure we got there quite yet. I know. Denis can speak a little bit more to this but, you know, I would love your assistance and I also want to say and I'm speaking for myself who is not as creative as many people in this room. I would love for this to be a place where we can share ideas without people getting their feelings hurt. You know, like the goal is really to push the cost design forward and I think there's a number of people in this room again, having work with Denis, I can always say to Denis Say Denis that kind of sucks, you know, and he's like, all right cool to go back to the drawing board and we start again. So I just want the people to feel like they can speak up front and, you know, with the goal of again, that's trying to get the best brand we can for a cash.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, agree. Yeah Julius I would be happy if you could propose something.

Denis Lelic: yeah, and the illustrations we have at the moment is That's a,â€¦

Tyler Wright: and,

Denis Lelic: it's an upgrade.

Denis Lelic:  From from the illustrations currently being used on the website. So if you go through, go to the through the guidelines, I've just added some illustrations there. And I believe it's a bit better than the one that are used there, but if you have, like, if you find a solution, that's

Denis Lelic:  Takes this to another level. Yeah, go for it.

Tyler Wright: Cool, um, Arthur. I know that you joined a little late, you didn't really miss much. We were just kind of going over at a high level, some of the assets which you can kind of find and also live in discord. Really the main things that we've been focusing energy on is like a brand guide for our cost like a high level brand guide. So the visual communication part is kind of laid out right here, I think we're just talking a little bit about the messaging part that we have to refine and obviously the whole brand guy needs to be refined and then Denis is also added some figma files. I think these are good assets or good ways for us to manage assets. Will attach season and notes that are living github but with this design group I'm not really sure. We should be dropping just like PDF designs in the Github as opposed to just like

Tyler Wright:  Working through these files and just being able to talk in discussions and discord about you know, figma files or brand pad files or wherever else, they may live, that's a little bit more design friendly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. And I think,â€¦

Tyler Wright:  Cool.

Denis Lelic: for example, if we're talking about some sort of a partnership when someone needs assets from Akash, it's usually like the marketing team. The needs the assets and I'm not really sure if they're like,â€¦

Tyler Wright: If?

Denis Lelic: Familiar with Github, like Where Do I, where Do I click? Whether I download and stuff. So I think Just having something a bit more user-friendly with a big button that says Download, at least for the marketing people, it's gonna serve better than the Github.

Tyler Wright:  I think that's a great point. At least in the short term and I don't know how this group feels about this. So this is up for discussion. Let's say terraform is going to an event in Portugal. I would love to have this SIG be a resource to help them develop assets that they can.

Tyler Wright:  Market with, you know, if they want, you know, something that's something. They certainly you all can handle internally. But I would love at least, as with this SIG kicks off for like the sake to, like, sign off. As long as it doesn't take too much time and effort to stick to sign off on like design so we can get into flow of what the templates kind of look like and feel like and then over time, if Julius has an event in Germany, if George has an event, where he is, if Arthur as an event that they know what the ton of tempo looks like. And we could just be popping them out, really cleanly and officially without this sig. But again, I would love to get into a place. And this is something that Dennis Zach, and I tried to do a lot of in 2022, is like, try to be like,

Tyler Wright: Police the brand a little bit, you know, when people were stretching logos and we know that people weren't doing it on purpose, but all these things kind of play into how people represent the product, you know, like some of our videos on YouTube, you know, I thought were great in that maybe they weren't like super informative or super technical at times,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Tyler Wright: but they were gave the project a level of professionalism because they were designed well, they were like kind of shot. Well, and so folks took a serious, It's a purpose with the project that then turned into partnerships and relationships. You know, so I in some cases the way that we do represent our brand to people that know nothing about akash. It is important that some of those first touch points can be clean and that's again. Another goal of this SIG to help like police. That cleanliness. So if anybody here has any ideas, please put them in of like or has any Thing that they want to market, please throw it in sick design and whether it's like Denis or anybody else from this group that wants to, you know, maybe there's someone from Luna's team is like, Oh I have no problem designing that I got time right now. Then we can just work as a group, to design, something approve, those designs, and then send those off into the world in in a clean way.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: That makes sense. It's like creative director by like this group will like work together to be like,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: man, you know, like Let's make sure this finds that Paul's a brand guidelines and then we can move forward like that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. One thing I wanted to discuss, I think Luna.

Denis Lelic:  Asked for some sort of a templates in our first meeting. So maybe I'll just share

Denis Lelic:  I can share my screen, right?

Tyler Wright: To something, you can send me.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, maybe I can just share a link for for figma.

Tyler Wright:  Okay. Julius. I know you have to go in a couple minutes or anything else that you wanted to talk about or any other things that you want to talk about. Maybe next meeting that are high priority from a design standpoint. On your mind.

Julius Lattke: No, no not. We I would love to like, just look over everything. Dennis gave me and like maybe propose some things or like a direction. For some are just put out ideas but yeah, that's it, I think. I'm good. Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, cool. So I'll make that as an action item or George and I will make this an action item for next meeting.

Denis Lelic: yeah, one thing to keep inâ€¦

Tyler Wright:  Too many.

Denis Lelic: for example, when I drafted a couple of templates for like social media and YouTube and so on, I had to kind of force myself to keep in mind that

Denis Lelic:  We're gonna deal with designers that are well experienced. And maybe like an intern somewhere. So, in a way, it should be easy to use, but it still has to reach a certain level of

Denis Lelic:  professional professionalism. I don't know how to is that the right word. So yeah, one is like easy to use for anyone doesn't matter how experience designer you are. and,

Denis Lelic:  Be be consistent with with branding. You know, don't don't mess up the logo, don't mess up. The type domains don't mess up. Let's say a layout. So, on the left, there's also a YouTube page.

Denis Lelic:  and, I'm just trying to predict different scenarios. For example, if we're have a podcast or recording of Twitter spaces, what happens if there's just one person, maybe Greg or two, two person, two people or multiple people talking about it. So we have like, one, two, three, four images, and then we just state the name of the tourist places and list all the speakers

Denis Lelic: It's hard to predict every possible scenario. But at least we can offer some guidance.

Tyler Wright: yeah, one of the things we're talking about in big education and also in the working group for our cost websites was about how folks from the community can start to develop like tutorials guideline blogs and videos. So that's one of the big initiatives that we want to get from the community that will put on the community are for the community contributions page. We want to put on Twitter and make available to new users and existing users. And so as a part of that strategy, the goal is really to

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: The cost they have all the assets that they need to tell this, you know, to create the video, post it on YouTube and then we'll link out to it. Via our blog, or be a Twitter, you know, or via. However, else we want to market this video and then have it. Also live tagged properly on the Community Contributions page of the website. So this is how some of these design assets fit across, you know, some of the working groups and CIGS as we look to like leverage a community to again, create a lot more content on how to tutorials and other like, meaningful content.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I know there. There's a couple of videos on YouTube and even a recent ones, and I believe You know, just a simple template with insert your text here and Would be helpful for. At least one level of.

Denis Lelic:  Cohesiveness. Across different touch points.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Luna. Do you have any thoughts? One other thing? I do want to ask you Luna is we asked Julius the same question because he for the last couple meetings, he has a conflict so he can only stay for 30 minutes but he's very much interested in participating in this cig and some other working groups is this time work for you and Andrea from your team and others? Or is there a preferred time that we should look to reschedule so that it's so that we can get some more your folks here and participating?

Joao Luna: From my side. I guess the best time would be starting now. So It, I think it's 10 your time. That's when everyone else can can join.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Joao Luna: Before, that's only on the I can join.

Tyler Wright: Okay, we might have to work out something because I think Julius' time is an hour earlier. He would like, so we'll figure out something out. So everybody, can kind of,

Joao Luna: Yet known, no.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Um,

Tyler Wright:  Luna. I know that also lasts added last meeting. You all working on some icons um and we're continuing development on that. Is that something that you want to share in discord when it's ready or want to share now?

Joao Luna: Yeah, I haven't made a progresses on that. I I need to create a spec but it's just that I have been creating some other specs that I think are more priority. But I think that's the next one. Not in the pipeline, so I just need one spec to be approved, and I'll work on this one. Yeah, because we already closed the docs. Yeah, yeah. It's the next spec that I'll be putting up and all All, I'll let everyone know in the discord.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, no worries. No worries. We know that you're doing a lot and appreciate it.

Tyler Wright: Arthur George. Do you have any thoughts on design in general? Any ways that you want to use a brand in a short-term or long term or just any, and any general public beautiful from either?

George Pro: Yeah. Actually my coincidence with and where the template to be will be placed.

Denis Lelic: It.

George Pro: So that people can actually assess it. We want the two. We are, usually, we are using a fake my That means that anyone who want to accept the template has to have a figure as well.

Denis Lelic: I think having having it on Figma is Quite friendly,â€¦

George Pro:  What?

Denis Lelic: because if you use figma for personal use, it's free. Unlike Adobe where you have to pay like, I don't know, 80 or 100 bucks per month to access their sweet. So If you have any other suggestions go for it.

George Pro: yeah, I was thinking about come about,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go out.

George Pro: I don't know if you complete our design there was Come by some how cool and it's also mobile friendly and a lot of people are using camera. I don't know how we are going to get our assets there, but If you can't try that to seeâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, maybe there's maybe there's a way to convert them to to Canva.

George Pro: if you can get a

Denis Lelic: Otherwise, we just do it on, you know, manually.

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead, Luna.

00:30:00

Joao Luna: I do have some questions. It's a different topic. I don't know if we want to continue on that. It's not related to this.

Tyler Wright: Okay. I'm going to put the George, we'll put that as a friction point. I do agree with Canva. I do think and we'll figure out how to do it offline. But I do think if we can move some of these templates, like the YouTube templates and some of these like partnership templates into canva in the right. Sizing and dimensions, then all the user would have to do is like swap out the text. Um then that would be best,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: you know? But we'll figure out because I know that the some of the type doesn't work one to one with a canva like maybe our type is our type transferable into Canva Denisdina.

Denis Lelic: I think you have to upload it.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah well before we'll figure it out George but we'll put that as a friction point. That's a good friction point to talk about and solve before next meeting. Go ahead, Luna.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: Yeah, so I have an artist interested in, in doing some some revamp or some new merchandise art. I don't know what's the process for it. How do you? How do you handle this? Are you looking for it? Could it be like some limited?

Tyler Wright: This is a great topic. So this is an open topic so we overclock and we I don't know how we would open sources, we could maybe do it, some one password, we have a shopify, we don't look to make any money off of it to add all. It's just like, this is how we distribute merch and try to get merch out into the world so that people can start wearing stuff. That's a cosh branded. Um, this is something I think we should do a lot more of in 2023. The unless anybody has any objections. My thought process is, if somebody wants to create something, let them create. if before it goes into the store, this group could take a look at it, whether it be in discord or in the meeting and just like if they put like Akash next to

Tyler Wright: Some sort of sign that is less than optimal maybe be like, Hey Maybe we shouldn't put it next to a Confederate flag or something, you know, but outside of outside of that I think we would just like make sure that the design file.

Joao Luna: Here.

Tyler Wright: So basically how the process works is we we use a third party logistics company that's called printful.

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: And basically all you have to do is you say like, Hey, I wanted the person wants to design a T-shirt. They want to design a hoodie, they can design, whatever they can design bag andâ€¦

Joao Luna: Okay.

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: all we need is the the digital files size properly. Obviously, the more colors you use, the more expensive, it is. Um and then again the design is to prove then somebody will just put it on the shopify store and we can Get them ordered, you know, and get them made andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Tyler Wright: all that kind of stuff. And then if you decide like, Hey, I want to do a limited run then we could talk about doing a limited run and you will if you let's say you want to put some pricing around it, we can figure that out. Yeah. And we could just play it by here.

Joao Luna: on like so at this to test it out some new because we were thinking on because I have a bunch of merch because I will go to the kubecon that was looking at it and everything's fine but it's like similar to other merges and we were thinking How could we make it this different maybe even more stylists like Something different basically and that's where she had these ideas. Maybe one limited edition would to start out to see how it goes. Be cool with some, some cool art. We will see. That's it out. Just wanted to know the process, how it works. And Yeah, if it's if it's solve interest, of course.

Tyler Wright: I definitely of interest. I've I would ask that we make this as a, it's like a agenda item for every SIG design monthly meeting like Hey anybody got any new swag ideas and we just go about it. That way, I'm about to send you on the like it.

Joao Luna:  Okay, I'll try to bring. Two or three ideas. Then for the next six.

Tyler Wright:  Here. I'm gonna send you all the this is a link to the third party distribution so you can see all the products that can be mocked up and used. So, you know, if it could be a bag, There's a number of different ideas. I'm going to VPN that says I'm in Canada so that's why it's showing up in France but just take a look at it in your local region but it's a great resource and and they do ship all over the world besides like sanction countries so we can ship anywhere.

00:35:00

Joao Luna: It.

Joao Luna: Okay. Then I have a couple of questions related to these to understand how the logistics of this works would be would like for let's say the artists get like a commission on per item soles or something. Wasn't that work?

Tyler Wright: um,

Joao Luna: What would everything go towards? Like the community pool or like a fund for the community? How does that work?

Tyler Wright: In the past. Again, we've literally sold Overclock has managed this in this sold everything at cost or at a negative. So it's like, coming out of pocket to just get branding out there. I think moving forward, I am happy to put a price like an MSRP price on every product that includes some commission that goes directly to the artist and then the money goes into a community pool because I know Overclock has no desire to hold on to that money but we just have to price it.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Tyler Wright: Like, we just have to price whatever the products that I accounts for it and then from marketing standpoint, you know, well, we'll work as a group to monitor sales on the back end. Like whether it be a CSV sheet that shows like our this is how many are sold this month, or whatever, you know. But yeah, I love the idea of artist commission orâ€¦

Joao Luna: Then. Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Joao Luna: then I I do. I give emphasis on limited edition to try it out and see how it goes.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: If there's some hype on on having that new stuff and Yeah, who knows something different? That's what we'll aim for. Okay? Just the idea. Okay.

Tyler Wright:  Oh absolutely. Cool.

Denis Lelic: yeah, Luna, I don't know if you heard In the beginning of the meeting, we talked about having a dedicated place for showcasing design contributions and so that, that could be in any shape or form. Could be animation. Could be, I don't know user interface, illustrations, merge and yeah. So actually I would If you guys agree, maybe when this thing is ready, we could have a call to action to invite a broader audience to participate. Like how do you see Akash what, you know, like Do something you can you can you can write about it, you can read it, I don't know. Whatever.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, get creative around the cost. I do think this initiative with Luna and the artist should be like our next step with like a limited run. Hopefully like the next like month orâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: so or depending on how long it takes the Arthur. But I do love the idea Denis of Like putting out a tweet or putting out some messaging to the community, like, hey, if you're creative, make some swag, make a do a animation, do something, you know. And yeah, we can like put it out there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I remember.

Zach Horn: Yeah, like yeah, like sharing this on social and getting people excited about it you know like it's a cool thing if someone's an artist out there and they want to like make some merch, it's like Yeah, take a shot at it. You know. Plus it gives us another social touch, point of like Hey check out this new limited edition like one of one artist created thing, you know, that's a kosh Brandon. We haven't done much of it, but yeah. Yeah, big plus one.

Denis Lelic:  It's something new.

Zach Horn: Yeah, totally.

Denis Lelic: I remember yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Sorry, density. Just

Denis Lelic: I remember like there were there was this initiative where I think animators and the envision the Ethereum logo. so, they kind of like,

Zach Horn: Oh yeah, that was a thing.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I remember our is it was illustrator or something like that. So you they like did all sort of stuff with Ethereum logo. You know, like illustrations animations. All kinds of stuff.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I love that. Nothing. Um, cool. Is there any other? Talking points that we want to talk about right now.

Zach Horn: Just a just a quick thing. As I was just Googling for that ethereum thing and I came across aetherium's Brand guy, check out what they do, just real quick. But the Lincoln in chat.

Denis Lelic: and,

Zach Horn: So right there on that home page, they have like their illustrations, you know, the ones that's that everyone's seen. Yeah. If you go down a little bit. So it's like it's there, it's that style, but keep going. Yeah. So like they they list their artists there below. Whoever did the illustration. That's a cool thing. I mean, I don't, I don't know exactly how that would work for us immediately but I like the vibe of that, you know, they're like people have done work for ethereum, it's on their brand guide, it's like God approved, but then it links to their specific profile. You know, like you can see who the artist was

00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I love this. I I think that this is the same thing. Like we want people like Luna that are technically contributing to code, right? That are pushing a cash. This is all contributions that we want to continue to grow the community. By having people that like, care about Akash, that may not know how to get involved, be able to use their talents in some way. And I would, and I think it's important for us to highlight them, you know, because they are core contributors to what we're doing. So, I love this as a model and I definitely think that we should highlight artists. If they do anything with us with Akash, Yes, it's cool. Historical artwork.

Tyler Wright:  Historical branding. Yeah. Cool.

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright:  So again, I want to manage everyone's time. I know that Dennis is gonna put these files in discord. If he has an already around brand pad and then stigma I would love for an action item between meetings for this group and others that we bring in as a call to action to start talking and discussing some of these assets. I know that Julius is going to be working on some of the illustrations. I know that Luna's going to be working on a spec around, some of the icons for some of the tooling, as well as an initial artist series. For some merch. Is there any other action items that this SIG is thinking about that we should take into next meeting or between meetings?

Denis Lelic: Um, yeah, I think there's gonna be a really release of console. Maybe this week. So that's also one thing that could form a working group and we could use like the same structure as for the website. There's gonna be a lot of reviewing.

Denis Lelic:  Or there's going to be like auditing all the all of the UI UX and we can create a list. What needs to be fixed and what needs to be maybe added what's missing. So like designing new features. So I'm glad Arthur's here and Arthur. When this thing comes to life,

Denis Lelic:  you know, if you if you'd like to maybe you can participate as well.

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right, is there anything else that anybody wants to talk about before we wrap this meeting?

George Pro: And also want to talk about last time. The discord group, someone posted about you are us today. So, I was thinking, maybe we can have a working group for you are us. Working group. A well group for you are us.

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that's something I've thought about as well. I don't right now. What I'm thinking is I would love to keep that within the SIG right now that be like a focus of this SIG. So it touches, UX, you you xui for terraform for console for everything, and if we find that, we need to focus more on a set of deliverables. Then once we determine what that deliverable is that maybe we make it working group around that deliverable. Um, but that's just my two cents, George. I do hearing the

George Pro: All right. All right, all right. Mix it.

Tyler Wright: But George if you see anything at any time, like, hey, I think that we need to focus more time and energy on this and make it a working group that I'm, I'm all for it. But I just don't see right now with the group that we have right now and like, how people are spreading their time. If we have a specific, UX UI initiative that were Fine. Tuning right now. I think when Luna has a spec in on the service icons we can start to think about icons in general and like trying to create like a design language and then maybe from there we form a working groupâ€¦

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: but maybe that's something we bring up next meeting or the following monthly meeting. That's just my two cents. Anyone else have any thoughts?

Joao Luna: Yeah, expect the spec to be. Like up for review next week.

Tyler Wright: Okay, yeah, beautiful. And then we can figure out how we want to move forward from there, George.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Again, another thing is in the back of the mind that I don't think we'll have, we'll focus on right now, but we did talk about is the messaging. I know that Zach has been always thinking about that kind of stuff. And so, if anybody has an ideas or thoughts on messaging, please feel free to put them in sick design for right now, but I think we're gonna focus on the visual communication parts over the next 30 days. And then once we have like people giving their thoughts and opinions and we've really fine tune, the direction of the visual communication, then we can start to incorporate the messaging a little bit more.

00:45:00

Denis Lelic: If?

Tyler Wright: Cool. Well again, I appreciate all the time. I'm going to make the recording and transcription available for George and then I know the George has been taking some notes and then he'll transfer everything over. When ready?

Denis Lelic:  Thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Appreciate you all, have a great rest of the day.

Denis Lelic: Thank you, Bye-bye.

George Pro: All right. All right, bye.

George Pro: I love this girl more that I like that. I don't. Yeah. All right, Wright, right? you know, I I

Meeting ended after 01:00:00 ðŸ‘‹


