
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda

- Present assets related to Akash Brand identity for discussion and review.
- Discuss updates happening with [Akash Website working group](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-akash-website).
- Open Discussion with participants


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 8, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://apru4o53g355qdxpxifh2ejjvopsqlmf5c7zlmnygpqq33vekvya.arweave.net/A-NOO7s2-9gO77oKfREpq58oLYXov5WxuDPhDe6kVXA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Alv
- Bruno Palma
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Joao Luna
- Onchain Lore
- Robert
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Wattanasin Bear Kaewsa-Pullen
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Denis talked about what has been discussed in the first couple of sig-design monthly meetings. 
- Wg-akash-website had a meeting yesterday. Many items were discussed, 
- Wg-akash-website is setting up a separate showcase website for designs that shows product and design direction. This site will also be experimental. 
- There has been a request for posters in the sig-design channel. This is a playground for design.
- Denis talked about templates. Someone in the last meeting asked templates being added to canva.
- Denis mentioned that there are new motion graphics for the Akash logo. These can be used for videos, tutorials, and other use cases. 
- The group also talked about messaging. 
- Luna talked about the work around Icons. Anil and Denis gave feedback on the icons. 
- Denis wanted to know where these icons can be used. Luna shared his screen to provide an example of how to use.
- Luna will use the icons for his website as well. The tool he uses is draw.io.
- Luna asked for feedback on [icons](https://github.com/akash-network/community/pull/98)
- Luna followed up on the swag idea with an artist series. The artist agrees, and Luna will follow up. 
- The goal for swag is to be different and fashionable.
- Onchain asked about where the brand guide lives. They are a graphic designer that really likes the project. 
- Denis and Tyler shared the [brand guide](https://brandpad.io/akash-network/).
- Denis wants to create a how to guide and Akash at a high level, whether or video
- Onchain does explainer videos for his day job. They think that more videos like this need to exist more in the space. These videos can be 1-3 minute videos.
- Onchain mentioned that the content can be technical users, new investors, and other audiences. 
- Tyler asked Onchain if they would brainstorm some content. They agreed. 
- Denis asked what some other swag ideas are besides t shirts. Luna mentioned that people love stickers at tech conferences. 
- Luna suggested combining Akash logo with other tech projects, like Golang. 
- Denis talked about product design with console. This will happen in future meetings. 
- Denis mentioned that "messaging" was another part of sig-design that is worth watching. Messaging and voice go into the brand guide. 
- Tyler asked ***what are people using in terms of Akash messaging. How do people describe Akash?***
- Zach asked for motion graphics that can be used for Akash Twitter.
- Onchain has some ideas for Twitter and Youtube. They will get accustomed to the new visuals. The handdrawn style makes the brand distinguishable.
- Design is a collaborative effort. Please share designs in sig-design monthly meetings or on discord. 
- Akash brand guide is a starting point. If folks have feedback, please share on discord or during monthly meetings.
- Alv asked: ***How is this group involved in the design meant to help sales/marketing to the non-crypto audience?***
- Zach and Tyler mentioned that the focus right now is on developer marketing. Akash is in the building phase right now, and focus is on finding builders.

### Akash Messaging

- Robert mentioned some words "Censorship resistance", "Unstoppable cloud" , "Decentralized" , "Open cloud"
- Luna mentioned that "'Network' is a big one for me as most people don't know what cloud is".
- Scott Hewitson agreed that people get confused by the "cloud".
- Luna suggested "Cloud Marketplace" , "Decentralized Network of Compute might work" , "Decentralized Cloud Provider Network"

### Action Items

- Onchain is going to dive into the Akash brand guide, and then start sharing some ideas in Discord.
- Participants are asked to put messaging themes for Akash in discord.
- Continue conversation around designs, swag, and messaging on discord. 


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Cool. All right, welcome to SIG design monthly meeting three. I believe I know there's been a number of action items as we continue to work on brand guide, both the both, the visual communication and then the messaging as well with the focus of the first couple of meetings being on the visual communication, there are some brand assets and some drafts and some brand assets that live in the discord channel. But we'll continue on with the conversation that we have every monthly meeting. I'll kick it over to Dennis.

Denis Lelic: Thanks type. Yeah, so maybe we can just go through a couple of things we're working on at the moment.

Denis Lelic:  Just because we have Huey here. To give him a little bit of an update and just to remind ourselves what exactly is in the pipeline. So yesterday, we had a meeting for Akash website, And where we came to conclusion together. All the feedback, the audit of the website and create a list of shorts and long-term issues and later submit those to Github.

Denis Lelic:  We? Yeah, we're currently setting up a website for a car's design community showcase.

Denis Lelic:  And there's been a request in SIG Design Channel for some posters. And I think that's a great starting point. Maybe for, just to explore a little bit and, you know, taking a step out of

Denis Lelic:  the design stuff we have at the moment because posters are usually kind of like, It's okay to break the rules of corporate stuff and We can. Use that as some sort of a playground? Yeah. But Next action items for for the website would be to finalize the setup. I, have I have a basic idea in a sitemap in my mind I have to just translate that and to figma But it's a fairly simple website, a home page.

Denis Lelic:  A showcase where we? Show some of the product direction brand direction and I would leave one part just for like a playground where we can experiment stuff. Um, yeah, so hopefully this is going to be live soon. And Zach, maybe after that, we can just form some sort of a message for Twitter to, you know, anyone who's willing to participate, feel free to share your ideas, creations and etc.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, the next thing would be templates.

Denis Lelic:  I think that in our last meeting, someone requested to have those templates in Canva, there are gonna be converted from figure in the next weeks or maybe next week. Unfortunately, we have some other priorities such as website and I want to deal with that. First, and then we can Play around with, with the With the templates and the rest of the touch points. There is one new thing and those are animated. Maybe.

Denis Lelic:  I can just for anyone who's interested in creating like. Video content.

Denis Lelic:  There is a. Couple of templates. Just for the intro, outro, animated logo stuff. And it's right here in our brand pad but I I'll put it also in the Google Drive and And our github, you just have to find it. We have a lot of stuff here.

Denis Lelic: It's right here but it's not loading properly out. Here it is.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic:  So we have those like, in different colors. And I think it's a nice asset to have for anyone creating some. I don't know either tutorials, YouTube content and so on.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, and another thing we could talk about is new initiatives. I know, Luna had some ideas for the icons, but anyone has any idea and wants to share today, please do. and, I almost forgot. Yeah messaging. Zach is the leader of the messaging part, so anyone wants to discuss that part.

Denis Lelic:  You know, bring it up.

Denis Lelic:  Should we maybe just? start the discussion with Luna. You want to take talk about the icon stuff, you've mentioned in Discord?

Joao Luna: Yeah, sure. I let me just open the issue.

Joao Luna:  Are the PR for the

Joao Luna:  For the discussion.

Joao Luna:  It's under community, right? It's

Joao Luna:  Yeah, so there are a couple of concerns that Anil raised. I think you Denisa as well aware Regarding the, the proposed icons. And it seems that there's someone else as well that's working on. Standardizing this

Joao Luna:  I'm not sure.

Joao Luna: That. I don't knowâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah. My issue was basically,â€¦

Joao Luna: if anyone has any.

Denis Lelic: just I wasn't aware, we need those and I'm not sure exactly where to use them for a cash network, you know, for example, on a website.

Joao Luna:  Okay, I'll show you. I'll show you.

Joao Luna:  I can show you where we are using them and why I started with this initiative? Let me see if I can share the screen. So you'll see like a use case where this can be useful from an engineering perspective. Let me just share my window. That it's done. Okay. So are you able to see my window?

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Joao Luna:  Can you see my screen? So, these are like drawing tools. This one is dry. Oh, it's it's pretty famous. and one of the things, as you can see, it's like This for like diagramming and designing stuff for like software engineering and there's a bunch of icon like we call it shapes shape packages that we can download or use and what a bunch of them are like related to AWS. So they have like this icons and they're basically represent each of the services they provide Azure elsewhere is one. Google also has one Somewhere around it. Kubernetes we have like icons for Kubernetes services.

Joao Luna:  Our objects, and there's a bunch of them and this is one of the use cases where we for internal documentation want to use those icons and have them standardized. I here, I have two of them. There's more it seems like I haven't imported them. Yet. But I could import but this ones will serve, right? So yeah, this this is one of the use cases. So I can now start drawing and making like The stuff like I have this database or persistent storage. It connects to Yada yada. And this is basically one of the use cases that we have and the other one is for our website as well.

Joao Luna:  And this is this is what this is where the initiative started was to define these icons too to import in such tools and and have them available to our engineers to create documentation or anyone really to great documentation and use across websites and applications.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, cool. I'm not aware of that tool. So but yeah.

Joao Luna: The tool is I'll write in the chat the name but there are others like Lucidchart and like that.

Joao Luna:  they are used basically to to Create documentation, create diagrams visualizations, and stuff like that, or usually for technical documentation, but it has many other use cases. Flow charts all kind of those charts and diagrams. It's, they are created there. Usually

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. So primarily it's used there, right?

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Okay. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  And at least from our perspective, that's where we wanted to use them. Maybe there's another bunch of use cases where we can. For instance, I think AWS uses them on their site as like the icons. So there's that as well. We could use another documentation on a cached presentation and whenever designing stuff you should. The idea is I look at an icon and I know which service it's related to right now. Akashi doesn't offer a lot of services as we grow now called most interest, there will be cool to have some icon that clearly shows us on technical perspective.

Joao Luna: That that is an alert and what interacts with the deployments as well, IP leases whatever is coming. So that's that'sâ€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Joao Luna: why I think it's important. I don't understand the concerns that were raised. Maybe it's not priority. Definitely should be something that is agreed upon throughout the community. Not something that we propose in close.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Joao Luna:  So,

Denis Lelic:  I I think I mentioned like just like having some contacts behind those icons, so thanks for providing that. I'll definitely have a look at for example, what Avs and others do and How do they connect those item icons? To the rest of their brand design, product design and and see how it behaves as a whole as a whole experience.

Denis Lelic:  so, I'm then, I could give you like A better answer.

Joao Luna: Okay. Yeah, no worries.

Denis Lelic:  That's cool. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  I think that's all regarding the icons. There's really not much discussion to be had for the others that are interested. Just go to the github. Pull request, I'll link it and leave your feedback and we can start a discussion here. I guess it's, it's a road. It's not like a sprint, it's a marathon. So we'll get there. I've posted the link.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, for sure.

Denis Lelic:  Thanks. so, anyone else has

Joao Luna: Yeah, just wanted to update on the merch idea or initiative, let's call it. I've talked with the artist it's agreed upon. We should start. To brainstorm and present, designs to the community.

Denis Lelic: It.

Joao Luna:  And I just wanted to update that, that's Ongoing.

Denis Lelic:  That's great. Thanks for bringing it up. Kind of slipped my mind. I know we talked about it last last meeting.

Denis Lelic: And there's also another member from Overclock. I think it would be helpful for merge design, besides Tyler and Zach, I think Peter always has great ideas. For, I don't know, graphics, like or any other stuff. I know we talked about it and he seems to be like, always open to help.

Joao Luna: yeah, I think for for this one or at least what I'm thinking of right now is kind of like collaboration or I know what really to call it but Like somewhere where the artist can can show its heart, and

00:15:00

Joao Luna: At the same time related to a cash. So not like, So some random personal stuff, but Really an art design related to the network.

Denis Lelic: It. Yeah.

Joao Luna: Somehow, that's what we are exploring. and also something that's different andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Yeah.

Joao Luna: that's like usable or like let's say fashionable and that can basically people can feel Tempted orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: It.

Joao Luna: attracted to use it outside as random codes. You see not like a generic merge with some text that so the idea is to try to feel different feel Artistic and not just one more merch piece.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I think you know me and Tyler and Zach talked about it and we shared the same We like would like to have more than just placing a cash logo on a T-shirt, just have a little bit of like some emotional aspect there.

Joao Luna:  Hmm.

Joao Luna: Yeah, cool and great. Hopefully,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  so, you know,

Joao Luna: next next month, I'll have a couple of drafts to show that we'll see.

Denis Lelic:  yeah. Great. Great, you can always drop them in discord.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, onchain please.

Onchain Lore: And you guys hear me?

Denis Lelic:  Go ahead, yeah.

Onchain Lore: Oh yeah, we just wanted to ask. Is there a place you already have the? The brand guides of the new, you know, styles where we're gonna be using for our cash up somewhere. I can like download check them out and stuff just like a brief introduction.

Denis Lelic: If?

Onchain Lore:  I'm a graphic designer motion graphics artists to the 3D animator. I'm really into our clash and I'm just like, yeah, seeing in which way I can like, you know, just leave, you know supported in any way I can and see how I can help grow the brand and hopefully grow the project as we know it's potential King grow too. So, yeah, sure. Yes. If you can, if it's if it is up, if there's a way you can point me to the brand style guides I can, I can go and download

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Actually we have some of them shared and pinned and our disco channel sick design. there's also, Brand pad I can just maybe drop this here. We have a growing set of brand guidelines there. It's still changing and updating, and so on. But happy to hear your emotion designer, I think we kind of miss that part and I'm happy to see your contributions.

Denis Lelic:  What I've always missed was a simple, you know, from a personal perspective, a simple video of Showing what it exactly Akash does and how it does and how that all behaves. Like, in A in a

Denis Lelic:  motion perspective. I think it's really easy to explain that. through either illustrations or some graphics, then just, you know, reading about about it because we have People, of course that are that learn in different way. Some some preferred docs some preferred videos. So I'm yeah.

Onchain Lore: Yeah, for sure 100%. I like video is always gonna be, you know, one impactful a more like a brief way to you know, showcase or like Information. Basically, condensed it in a very Digestible way I for one like that's what I do. Like my nine to five is doing explainer videos, I do motion graphics videos for IT companies and All sorts of companies construction and materials. And

Onchain Lore:  Yeah, I've noticed in the space. There's I don't know if I haven't like, you know, explored all projects across the cosmos but I've from the main ones I've seen, I've always wanted to, you know, see more of that kind of content like explain your video stuff that can. Um like in less than a minute. Um give newcomers. Give new no no coiners or or you know just your general tech of guy. An overview of. The. You know, the value proposition value proposition like what makes akash different from? AWS For instance, what makes this centralization, you know, the what

00:20:00

Onchain Lore:  Already a group of us envision as the future, you know, there's a lot of, you know, like color. In what we can show to sell these ideas, and I would really want to, you know, see more of that out there, if not just like as promo videos. But as you said like, maybe,

Onchain Lore: Even more technical stuff. But also stuff for new investors just to have a grasp of Oh, that's what we're talking about right now. In a very short video stuff that we can use for social media stuff. We can use for, you Know, our landing page. I think there's a lot of value that we can do with not to crazy of of you know,â€¦

Denis Lelic: You.

Onchain Lore: of an investment of time and resources, you know. But yeah, man to I I really think I really want to see more of that. I really want to see more of that across the board and and the cosmic system

Denis Lelic: Here. Go ahead type.

Tyler Wright: I was going to say I'm happy to see some new faces here. Again, if you haven't been a part of these meetings prior, you can always look at the old recordings in transcripts, love the value that you all can add onchain in terms of what you're just saying. That's something that we are really in, in need of something, we've been thinking about for a long time, I know the working group around the Akash website is also thinking about how we can make it easy for people to ingest all different kinds of content,â€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Tyler Wright: right? We have like, that's right now, which are first specific kind of audience, but I know that many people across like community again, website, working group and sick design want to create specific pieces of content that reach wider audiences, and more of a high level. If you have the time and energy, it would be great if you could think about. And we can like talk about in discord, like, what kind of content you think should be high level and then maybe help us create some of that content that we can post on Twitter and elsewhere. And then

Tyler Wright:  On the last thing I'll say is again at a sick community and I know Adams not feeling so hot right now. A big initiative for 2023 is to have more tutorials and videos and have them, you know, searchable and easy to find on a conscious community contributions page. So that's something that we're always looking for again, more high level content and that's where some of these assets from this brand guy. We want to like kind of create uniform. You use uniform brand assets and all these like new initiatives that the community can bring whether it's like video or again, a medium posts. So, again, onchain if you have the time the bandwidth to help with that, over a couple weeks, that would be really helpful.

Onchain Lore: For sure, man.

Tyler Wright: Cool. I know there's some other new faces here and don't feel obliged to talk right now, but we're always looking for folks that again have ideas on or feedback on the brand one thing that we're actively trying to do. And so this will be an action item for this SIG is as we agree, whether it be on the icon. So the brand deliverables. We just want to make sure that other members of the community have access to these brand deliverables so that they're distributed across the community so that they're widely used. And then you know, just kind of monitor and traffic and monitor and audit. All the content that comes in to make sure that people are using these brand assets as we continue to push the project forward.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm also interested like I mean, I'm happy there's like more people than usually here. So if anyone has some specific Requests regarding anything design related. Please let us know, so we can Help help you with. I don't know anything.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, cool.

Tyler Wright: Well, are there any other?

Tyler Wright: Ideas that anybody wants to explore. So I think Luna brought up an idea out of the last meeting. He's going to be going to some conferences, including including like Kubecon. And just generally on the swag store on this Akash Swag store,â€¦

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: there's opportunities to experiment with brand assets and create, you know, more meaningful pieces of swag andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Right.

Tyler Wright: apparel. So if anybody has any other ideas, I know Denis mentioned at the top of the call, some folks ask about posters, Um, please throw those in discord chat or mention them here. And then, we can kind of figure out who can contribute to developing that work. I know Denis is an asset onchain. It's a graphic designer. I know there's some other folks in the community like Julius who's not here today but also have offered to lend a graphic design hands. So, We can figure it out, but if anybody has any ideas or any concepts that they want to explore, please feel free to share them here during these monthly calls or in discord.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. for example, if we're talking about events, what exactly Are the go-to pieces besides, you know, T-shirt and I don't know. Stickers.

Joao Luna: I would say I was going to say stickers, at least for tech conferences. Stickers are ago. I go, everyone wants to have a sticker on their laptop. Basically, what I would have for a cash, I'll try to mess around with some designs would be some crossovers between a cash and some common tech icons or like, drawings, for instance, what I'm remembering is like, do you know the the mascot for goaling like that little blue anymore, I'll send a link to the To the chat.

Joao Luna: Sorry. So,â€¦

Denis Lelic: so,

Joao Luna: for instance, one of these, we'd like not cash logo somewhere. These are quite popular, everyone. Once stickers of this guy and also it's it's cool because Akashi is built using Golang, which Would make absolute sense. That's just an idea.

Denis Lelic:  We are having an Akash mascot.

Joao Luna:  Oh, that would be hard, but maybe we could create, like, I think this is like open source. Everyone can like modify this creature or whatever we could make a red one. There's there's plenty of versions of this.

Denis Lelic: Cool.

Denis Lelic: One thing we haven't talked about and that is, I think I see Emmanuel here. And I'm not sure because we have two Arthur's and one was a product designer. So,

Denis Lelic:  That's still something we have in the pipeline so product design. Just reviewing the console, for example, for the first stage. And then later on developing like post MVP features and

Denis Lelic:  That's kind of a long-term plan for for the product design section.

Denis Lelic: Another thing which is kind of part of the SIG design is messaging. And I'm not sure, exactly. Should we have? Like and we talk a lot about design. but, Zach, here is the leader and the expert on that topic. So And as we talked yesterday, messaging and design kind of go hand in hand and For me personally, as well as quite important aspect of brand. So, I think we should dedicate some time for for the messaging as well.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic:  Zach, give me a time thumbs up.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I totally agree. I mean we do we do definitely need to consider messaging and think about it and make sure it's it's unified across the network. I would say The priority at this point is getting our documentation and our website and working order. I think those are the things that are gonna have a really tangible impact really quickly. As soon as we get those things to a point where we feel like they're really easy for developers to understand that, I think immediately we should move on to like getting messaging really in line across the board. That's just my two cents. I mean, there's lots of work to be on everywhere but I totally agree. The messaging is super important. I just with limited bandwidth. I think we need to prioritize it but has been my thought up to this point and also there's an aspect of letting the community run with whatever messaging they think is best in the short term. You know everyone everyone is building on the network as an idea of like

Zach Horn:  What kind of messaging they want for their product if they're building on top of Akash? So part of it has been like, let's see what people come up with and then figure out a way to unify it. So it makes sense. And is is uniforms anyone that interacts with anything on Akash So that's been my thinking up to this point, but I'm definitely open to, to any other perspectives here.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, I

Tyler Wright: I think the order of operations makes sense, I would like to And I don't know if it's discussion or how we do it or whether it's just in discord. But I would like to hear from the community. What are some of the major

Tyler Wright: Words or themes that they use when they're describing Akash whether as an individual to friends and potential users, or and luna's case has a business, how he goes about, describing, You know, like words like dcloud decentralized, like What are the terms that folks are using? I would love to start collecting those because I would love to at least start getting aligned on the highest level even if we figure out the message and the story over a little bit of time,â€¦

Zach Horn: If totally agree with that andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I would like to start either approving words or agreeing on words as a community as a group that we want to start actively saying or a weed out some words that maybe haven't aged well and maybe we want to stay away from

Zach Horn: I think it's like the way you're describing. It is a good way in my opinion to like frame it which is it's it's pretty organic, you know, it's like it's a process of like what are people using right now? How can we start to shift it a little bit You know, like What do people like using? What's clicking with people? Maybe what's not clicking and start to like to your point tie collected and then start agreeing, You know, like which words do we like? Which do we not? Like, since we're such an open community? I think it should be an organic process as opposed to, like, What could be considered more of a strict brand guide? I think we should evolve the brand guide, I guess is my my way of saying it.

Zach Horn:  But onchain by the way, sorry there's real quick. I glad to have your the Simple Motion Graphics. This is what I was thinking when you were, when you were talking earlier, we even needed this for such a long time. Like, Excuse me, my post a little Course, today we need a simple motion graphics for such a long time especially once for Twitter. So, if that's something that you're like, comfortable doing, or you can can turn some of those out quickly, I would love to see that just like little 30 second quickly, quick, like, explanations of the network, or visualizations of the network. That's been on something that's been on the back burner for like a really long time. So if you have skills there, that's that'd be awesome.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, go ahead.

Onchain Lore: Um yeah. A I had a couple of ideas of stuff and I wanted to see for for a while and like different mediums like Twitter and YouTube. Maybe. But yeah basically they all like gonna drive from this new friends, brand style brand guy. I want to like get you know a custom to to the new visuals. I'm seeing a lot of youâ€¦

Denis Lelic: If?

Onchain Lore: like Retro handmade. Iconography that.

00:35:00

Onchain Lore:  You might say it's challenging more challenging to incorporate into, you know, different deliverables. at the same time, it's really distinguishable from, you know, everything else you you might see there, so there's, you know, a point for for that what I really want to do is like, you know, get accustomed to to the new um, Style. And if there's probably a way I know you were alluding to this at the beginning, you know, about unifying the or incorporating like You know, having having like a like a unified style, at least for icons and stuff. But yeah, I was thinking of having like a way to

Onchain Lore:  Make it easy for not just illustrators or very specific, You know, illustrators that have these style, you know, Pin down. So maybe making, um, a couple of I don't know if guides would be the answer. But you know where, I tend to explain complex animations, You know, server related, or network related, Sometimes we go very abstract, Sometimes we do like a lot of, you know, basic shapes basic. Um, no, go lines. Go squares. I know we got the red dot right now, like, very prepondered on the site, but if there is a way we can have like

Onchain Lore:  Either freedom to explore um different you know shapes but trying to stay in line with the with the the caricatures and and you know the style will already have the Brian guy. I'm trying to, you know, figure out a way, if there's a possible, you know, solution to having an intermedium in which we have the hero illustration doing, you know, for You know, titles or subjects of the matter. But also having in freedom to do shapes, do animation, do this. You know, I don't know if if it's possible but yeah, having Different assets that relate to to the brand guy. So maybe having like a

Onchain Lore:  I don't know a collection of brush strokes for his illustrator you know, guides for Like consistency sake like all lines when we're describing or we're illustrating a network, all lines have to be of the same stroke. We cannot have like varying stroke with for instance or we cannot use or I don't know. Fails. You know I'm trying to still like grasp like what could be a good way to translate the brand guys we have right now into you know, more accessible or maybe more.

Onchain Lore:  Friendly assets that we can maybe. Animators, that wanna support it and want to do something with it. Like, Can can, like, get behind but yeah, and that all the stops, all the stuff and ideas. I can't come up with I'll definitely share and the day score. But first I really, really want to like dive into the the brand guides and see what can come out of it. I'm really digging what I'm seeing, I have some, you know first I have some doubts about the illustration about the way might be perceived for, you know,

Onchain Lore: you know, people who are very Like tech the tech side of the of the target audience. but, At the end of the day, it's, you know, it's Differentiation,â€¦

Denis Lelic: but,

Onchain Lore: like Trump's that and and if there's a way we can like incorporate the tech side and visualization into that style. I know there's there's like a good marriage. We can we can come up with right and that regard.

Zach Horn: Yeah definitely definitely lots of room to run and lots of work to do but a great idea is and definitely definitely great to have you here. Luna. Yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Here.

Zach Horn: just reading your comments here. I agree with you on this. It's funny. You know, it's like the cloud even being an old buzzword is still a bit of a buzzword and Huey Huey. And I have run into that too where we like we'll do surveys and people think that the cloud is iCloud which is always kind of a funny thing. Do you? Yeah, so network is a little more legible.

00:40:00

Zach Horn:  Yeah, I think that makes sense today. What?

Zach Horn:  Cloud Provider Network. Yeah, I think like to Tyler's point. I think the first step here is just to start like exactly what you're doing here Luna's. Like let's start like bringing all this together and like getting the thoughts out on the table and then like pulling that together into a more cohesive brand guide. Or at least a part of the messaging brand guide.

Joao Luna: Yeah, thank you.

Denis Lelic: Here. Yeah I think a Emmanuel raise the hand like a couple of minutes ago so I just want to give him a chance to talk.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Denis.

Joao Luna: It might have been by mistake, I think it. Really.

Emmanuel Arthur: Hey guys. Actually, I'm at Emmanuel andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  Okay.

Emmanuel Arthur: George invited me here and I'm a front end engineer with That three years experience in the blood chain space and I would like to contribute to the success of Akash. I don't know. We should I send my resume, which did I contacted that? I can contribute to the success of The Akash.

Denis Lelic: That's great. Happy to have you here. I know George mentioned. He has some front-end developer friends so we would definitely need your help. You know, and your contributions especially around Akash website.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, if you want to start joining the discord and just make yourself known in the in the working group for the cost website, as well as SIG design, then I can ping you. And then, as we start to think about how some of these issues around the website will be implemented, then we can keep you. In mind and start to figure out bounties and other things. You know, that may need to happen to push a project forward.

Joao Luna: Yeah, last night also like to highlight. There's really no need for resumes, it's an open community. You can just hop on a special interest group that you might find interesting. For instance, the design one or clients or front end wherever and just whenever you feel ready, join a working group and start working on or something.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly.

Emmanuel Arthur: Okay, sure. I understand. Thank you guys.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: No, no corporate stuff here.

Tyler Wright:  I I do want to say onchain made a great point about the brand guide, the brand guide and, you know, Denis with the help of many in the community but most of the effort you know will go to dentists for 2022, is really about setting a sound a foundation and I think there's a great foundation for the brand one of the items for this. Sig is, you know, whether it be on discord or during these monthly meetings, it's going to be great for us. To look at some of the designs. You know, we want folks in this group to be experimental, You know, it's fine to be experimental before things go out and folks can be like, Hey, This is what I was thinking and we could say, Oh, I don't know, we can come to consensus as a group, right? There's no one creative director. Um, it's just about like coming to a consensus like, Hey, this maybe breaks nine of the

Tyler Wright:  10 Brand Rules. We actually have maybe we shouldn't stretch the logo or Hey half the Akash logo is covered up or something or whatever the case may be. But I, I I'm I think this group will do a great job of being able to create direct by as a group. So feel free to experiment and kind of get crazy and then we can kind of narrow it down from there just like any creative process.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. It should be a collaborative effort. No matter what we do, like everyone is invited to participate and regarding the the brand guidelines. They're just there for the purpose of being consistent at this moment to give like A cohesive brand experience, but it's something that could be either evolved or changed. But at the moment we have like,

00:45:00

Denis Lelic:  a typography selected, a color palette, a logo and maybe, A helpful guideline is what not to do. for example, like Tyler mentioned Don't don't stretch don't

Denis Lelic:  I don't know, there's like a couple of options there. What exactly? Not to do. But yeah, it's a collaborative effort, and I think we can make it work. Time will tell.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Lastly um and then I'll, you know, we can open up for questions or just get out of here a couple minutes early. But again, over next, a couple of weeks, we're gonna be looking to share some of these brand assets across many of the CIGS. So that folks have access to the most recent brand guide and brand deliverables. Please, if you all are on discord and see folks using outdated brand assets, please make sure they have the most up-to-date brand us. That's an then, that would be great for this group, to kind of monitor that across, all cigs, and working groups, and really across the entire college discord.

Tyler Wright: Any other comments for anybody else?

Emmanuel Arthur: Actually I won't ask. Please is the design. Ready for implementation?

Tyler Wright:  which design website or

Emmanuel Arthur:  Yeah, actually, the website design. It's really.

Tyler Wright: It's not really quite yet for implementation. I think we'll have another meeting at the week of March 20, I think that March 21st that Tuesday there will be a follow meeting Denis has some designs that he's been working on since the last working group session which was yesterday. I'm sure, he'll share those at some point in In discord where there'll be some discussion. And then next steps will be made. So once those are available again, I would I would monitor that discord very closely.

Denis Lelic: It.

Tyler Wright: And then, once those things are ready to go, then you know, you could talk about like how you can support and we can move from the move on from there.

Emmanuel Arthur: Okay, thank you.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, no problem.

Tyler Wright:  All right, before I let you all go again, there's a couple of action items. Folks here, including onchain, are going to take a deeper dive into the brand guy, which you can find in the chat here and also in discord. And then start to, We'll start to talk async on discord about, you know,

Tyler Wright: High level How to videos or items that we can throw on Twitter. Obviously, all the participants that can make those things happen, whether it be putting things on Twitter, Zach is here that can facilitate that. So if anybody has any ideas or things that, you know, designs that they think are ready, we can get them published pretty efficiently andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: You.

Tyler Wright: then participants from this meeting and I might put something also in a week or so, but please start to throw some of the messaging themes. Like You have the messaging things that were in the that you all through in the chat. I just threw in the notes that you, that I will make a PR for that. You can kind of find here but please continue to write down any themes, you know, we could talk about this at a later time, but I know that there is been some discussion at 2022 to use, d Cloud less so that's just something I'm putting on the atmosphere. it's not a foregone conclusion, but this something that I just want to put out there on record. but again, please continue to put any

Tyler Wright:  akash themes or any high-level messaging words that you use to describe Akash or you think can be added as words so that we can start to again bring those all together and have conversations maybe in the next monthly meeting about them.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Anyone having they want to talk about orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Share in the SIG design before we let you all go.

Denis Lelic:  We have a question here in the chat.

Tyler Wright:  That's the great question. So I'll take a sad but this and then anybody else can take a stab at this. So the question is How is this group involved in the design meant to help sales marketing to non crypto audience? Right now One of the big initiatives again is mentioned for 2023 is to really create

00:50:00

Tyler Wright:  Different forms of content that speak to different audiences across the Akash community. Some of those audiences are technical audiences that we want to contribute, whether it be to the core code or build things on top of the cost or just use Akash and their everyday workflow. But we're also trying to get, you know, Web to businesses and other folks to understand what Akash is at a high level and how they can use it. And so, to that end, it's really about again, agreeing on messaging at a high level and then finding members of the community, whether it be through this sick or through other CIGS, that can help create that, create that content. We do have a BD team that works on high level efforts but when it comes to like sales of Akash it's really just trying to get people to understand what Akash is.

Tyler Wright:  What the network does and how they can let and how folks can leverage it. So this SIG is really focusing on again, spreading awareness around Akash and then also honing in on the messaging. So that we do the best job we possibly can of describing a cost to a number of different audiences. I hope that answers some way shape or form. Denis, feel free to add.

Denis Lelic:  Uh, yeah, I think, you know, user experience, for example, is part of the SIG design as well, and that's something. I think the whole crypto world is trying to solve and present. Their products to the non-cryptio crypto audience, you know, like how do you onboard someone? and, Make the the experience either of the product or the brand with less friction points.

Denis Lelic: Tyler.

Tyler Wright: I would just add to user experience that right now. Again, we all have to be aware of where the product is right now, um, and make sure that when we're thinking about marketing and sales were Doing you know the end audience a service, right? We don't want to be misrepresenting the product and then shooting a caution the foot by just like misrepresenting what it can do right now. So as the product continues to improve which is happening every day, the sales and marketing efforts will continue to you know, Ramp up with that. So really we're focused on awareness actively right now. Go ahead Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, just a hotel on that point out to your point. Really what we're focused on at a high level is developer marketing. Yes, we're going to be thinking a lot more about product marketing as the network evolves. But really, the focus at this point is How do we find developers that can come in and help us build these features that are going to get us closer to parity with the the traditional cloud. So we're less, we're less focused on sales and marketing outside of crypto at this point and more focused on how do we get developers to come in and participate so like that, that provides a bit of context there.

Zach Horn:  Yeah, totally.

Tyler Wright: Any other questions? As a great question, any other questions before or comments before we Head up.

Denis Lelic: If?

Tyler Wright:  Okay, well, thank you all for participating and stay design monthly meeting three. It was great to have a new and really diverse crowd here. Please feel free to continue to participate. In the discord. Again, if you want to participate in any of the working groups around their cost website or anything else. A cost-related, please. Just get active in discord. If you have any questions you can reach out to me, My discord is tie Wright and I can help direct you, So can George. So can other people in this call to where you need to go. But again, Thank you all this recording and transcripts will be made available pretty soon. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna start the process by making a PR around. There's notes, I've taken Lodge on this meeting. So, yeah, we'll talk in between meetings. Let us know if you need anything but much appreciate this group.

Denis Lelic: Thanks everyone.

Tyler Wright:  Yes, thank you very much.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks everybody.

Joao Luna: Che.

George Pro: All right,â€¦

Zach Horn: take care guys have

George Pro: thank you, everyone.

Emmanuel Arthur: Right. But

00:55:00

Emmanuel Arthur: Med.

Meeting ended after 00:55:11 ðŸ‘‹



