
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Akash Swag
- Akash design work including animations, videos, etc. 
- Discuss updates happening with [Akash Website working group](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-akash-website).
- Open Discussion with participants


## Meeting Details

- Date: April 12, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://6xo72sp45srm3peei2i57kitrya34ftrqffk3irtxgfyxxjhmxbq.arweave.net/9d39Sfzsos28hEaR36kTjgG-FnGBSq2iM7mLi90nZcM)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Joao Luna
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Robert Del Ray
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Denis talked about swag items. Luna had a friend that is an artist that wants to do a 1 of 1 series. 
- Luna will meet with the artist over the next couple of weeks. 
- Denis wants to create a prompt for the community to create Akash content. 
- Tyler asked Robert about the assets. Robert makes videos and guides for Akash Network. 
- Assets were plug and play. He had fonts, colors, logos, etc. 
- Denis mentioned that there should be consistency with the logos, but community can play around with design elements.


### Docs 2.0

- Luna and his team are working on Docs 2.0 from a spec out ouf sig-documentation. 
- The goal is to update the structure and UX to improve adoption for new and existing developers. 
- Luna and his team are migrating the docs from Gitbook to Hugo, and then updating the structure. 
- Luna walked through the design for the docs. The front page is a placeholder.
- Additional Languages will be added after we feel comfortable with documentation in English.
- Hugo website does support other languages. 
- Denis asked if there are any restrictions with the Hugo Template. 
- Denis noticed that there are 2 search boxes. Kubernetes keeps their search on the left hand side.
- Denis mentioned that there are a couple of different fonts. 
- Luna and his team are tracking all issues 
- There is a printable view for the docs that are formatted properly. This comes out of the box with Hugo. 
- There is a quicklink to create an issue on the support repo. There are other quick links available too. 
- UX design copies Hugo, Kubernetes and other projects. People are very familiar with Kubernetes and it is a structure that people are used to.
- Luna mentioned that a "Contribution" page would be important to have for how people can get involved with sigs, wgs, and beyond.
- Syntax highlighting in code blocks is added with Hugo. YAML files get highlighted.
- Denis asked if a Copy button can be added for code. 
- All the screenshots to explain and showcase generic features will be with the console.
- Denis asked if any libraries like Tailwind are available in Hugo.
- Luna wants to do some promotion for Quasarch around Network Upgrades. LinkedIn page has been upgraded.

### Akash Messaging

- Robert mentioned some words "Censorship resistance", "Unstoppable cloud" , "Decentralized" , "Open cloud"
- Luna mentioned that "'Network' is a big one for me as most people don't know what cloud is".
- Scott Hewitson agreed that people get confused by the "cloud".
- Luna suggested "Cloud Marketplace" , "Decentralized Network of Compute might work" , "Decentralized Cloud Provider Network"

### Action Items

- Luna will share items in Discord after meeting with Artist for Akash swag idea. 
- Community members will give feedback on Docs 2.0 design inside of tracking [Issue #86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Community members to help find someone that has experience building github websites to help with design improvements including data fetching, design implementation, and beyond.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._


Tyler Wright: All right, welcome to sig design monthly meeting number four. And last monthly meeting, we had a number of folks that work across a number of different design disciplines that we're participating there, we're looking to do some different kinds of videos, animations and other kinds of work. I know that some folks are continuing to work on various things. But as it pertains to the agenda for today, there's a couple of things that I know Dennis wanted to cover, including swag ideas from the community. And the other design or marketing materials that folks have in the back of their mind, or that they want to see get done by the SIG design, as well as with Luna here, who's been working on a bounty around the SIG docs, and ducks 2.0. He and his team have done version 1.0 of merging or skipping migrating the documentation from gitbook over to Hugo. And so with the time that we have today, we're going to spend some time reviewing the design elements of the docs 2.0. And talking about any additions, subtractions, etc. So without further ado, I'll just pass it on to Dennis to get us started. And I'll take some notes in the background.

Denis Lelic: Hi, hi. Hey, Tyler. Thanks. Yeah, maybe we can just start with the easier topic, which would be the swag items. Tyler mentioned. Luna. I know you talked previously, in our meetings, you have a friend and you design a couple of things. For the Akash swag. Am I right?


Joao Luna: Yeah. So there's this idea going around, we actually meet with her a to further brainstorm what to do. But yeah, that that's still that's still around, not not much progress. She has been busy, I've been busy. But it's something that at least for the next couple of weeks, I really want to get into. But there aren't really major updates in that regard. Okay, it's not forgotten. It's just that we haven't really, we're just creating mood boards and figuring out what we want it to look like. And its signature. Her signature is like some, like sketchy sketch with sketches and like, fun word play. So it can take some time to really make a clever wordplay and just make it into a picture and incorporate a cash into it because it has to make sense for our cash network in some way. So we are still brainstorming it. But yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll showcase whenever I have something.

3:18  

Denis Lelic: Great. Yeah. Maybe you just shared in discord whenever you feel ready. Or maybe in our next meeting. But yeah, regarding the all of the swag items and stuff, I think that could be a fun project and a great opportunity, even for the community members to express their selves and kind of connect with other community members or Akash. Network. And maybe we produce something that is kind of represented by the community main members, if you know what I mean. Yeah, so maybe we just keep this topic alive in the community. And we'll see. We'll see. Sorry, I just had a phone call. Yeah, so I know rod is here. We've been talking in the previous week, and the week before so I know he's kind of like into into design is doing his own videos and stuff. So Robert, if you have any ideas for the swag stuff, you know, feel free. Feel free to join the debate or even propose some of your designs.

4:42

Robert Del Rey: All right, be happy to thanks. That  makes sense

Denis Lelic:  Cool. Yeah, there's a lot of stuff I was planning to discuss. But I see some community members are not here. So maybe we just skip those. I can. I can discuss all of that stuff. Thank you. Add those to community members on Discord. And maybe we just focus on the Akash docs for today. I know Luna has been working on and his team has been working. Yeah, Tyler, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: So before we move on to docs, because I think we should go in depth, I actually want to spend maybe two minutes. Because Robert is here. I would love to talk about real briefly, just your Roberts workflow, if he wouldn't mind. When he's creating videos, I want to make sure that as we continue to develop design assets, mostly around like, brand assets, that they're easily accessible, and they're optimised for people's workflows. So I'm while Roberts here, I just want to see, Robert, if there was anything from like a file standpoint, when you're like, getting Akash logos. Have you been able to look at the brand guide at all? How do you interact with the assets when you're creating the kind of content that you're creating around? Akash? Sorry, I've done this.

Robert Del Rey: Question before, if I want to on a cash log, or discover Google and APAC Astra logo, then I discovered you have them brand assets section in the webpage. And I used to get it from that founder. Now, it is the club episode. I got the phone number. And I think that Dennis sent to me.


6:41

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I've lost it for a couple of seconds.

Tyler Wright: There to Robert.

Robert Del Rey:  All right. All right, hurry. Let's get going. Okay, guys, so as I was saying, before leaving note from that is, I will get the assets from the RAND assets section in their cache page. Now, in the latest episode, I was able to get the assets, the funds, and all that I needed from my cabin by link that then his chair with me.

Tyler Wright:  Okay, and did you feel like he had to resize anything? Or was it really just plug and play and you can just drop assets in? And yeah, just like go from there.

Robert Del Rey: It was pretty brilliant. To be honest, that he's actually left everything right. And for me, I just had to update. I just had to add my name, for example, the name of the episode, but the cash logo, the fonts, the colours, everything was in place before I even touch it. Awesome. Yeah, good stuff. Thanks to them.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, no problem. As I said, you know, I'm here to support any design needs. So I reached out reached out to Robert, or you reached out to me, I forgot, honestly. But it doesn't matter. Yeah, so we, in the previous week, we kind of like, exchange a couple of DMS and I prepared a Canva file. So Robert, is up to date with the latest brand assets such as logos, colours, fonts, you know, and the rest of the stuff is just like, you know, have fun with it. That's important. But there are still some restrictions, you know, like to have those crucial elements. So we're, the user is not forgetting it's a cache. So we're kind of have this consistency across different touchpoints. We communicate. But yeah, this is the first video, Robert, you, me and Robert kind of did two together. I mean, he did the heavy lifting. I just provided some stuff. But if you need any guidance, any help, or anything, you know, you can always reach out on Discord. And we'll get we'll get it done.


9:20

Robert Del Rey: In a short reading with you, and at the moment, it has 21 views in just one day. told you that's that big start. First, the cloud video. I published that like two months ago, and it has 20 views. So this one got 20 views in just one day. And for me that that's amazing. So let's see how it develops. And the next one is with Chamberlain.

Denis Lelic:  Let's get that to 30 views.

Tyler Wright: Consistently consistency, consistency, consistency, and then you know you're added here, you know, of course. Then again plaques here

Robert Del Rey: Mr. Beast, of course

Tyler Wright:  Exactly. I'm gonna add the video that Robert dropped in here in the notes. But I think Thank you, Robert, for those thoughts on using some of the assets. I know, the thought process is to continue to have them readily available on the website. I think we're working towards that. But again, Dennis is readily available and if anybody wants any means any assets or needs anything size properly, just need some some quick support, just feel free to reach out to Dennis and sick design, or any other designers that are part of the community that are willing to help. Sorry, Dennis, we can now go back to the topic at hand, which is ducks 2.0.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, acquired on an important touch point, I would say. So the redesign of the cars documentation, currently being worked on by Luna and his team are just Luna, I'm not really sure. But I don't want to forget anybody anyone. So yeah, I cars. Doc's are quite important resource for devs users. And basically anyone interested in a crash network. So it's quite important for everyone. It's kind of the docs are well organised up to date. With a nice user experience, easy to navigate and stuff like that. So I'm happy to luminize working on it. But yeah, if I'm happy Luna is working on it. And you know, maybe Luna you can just share your tart thoughts. If you have any pain points, you would like to discuss any barriers that are

12:08

Denis Lelic: Lost my word for any barriers that you would like to overcome, and we can help.

Joao Luna: Yep, sure. First, I'd like to mention that it's me who is working on this together with a team member, he'll join us on the meeting tomorrow. So it will get to know him as well. And I can share my screen minds. So we can start from first, the first page let me try to find so you're seeing my screen right.

Denis Lelic: Ready? Okay,

Joao Luna: So I've already talked with Dennis, this is not the image for the background, don't worry. It's confusing the text, the text gets lost. It's just so it has something. But yeah, this is this won't be the the background image, it doesn't need to have a background image, we can work this out. It's just it's just an image to be here. So we have the starting page will basically have a couple of call to actions and resources. So GitHub links Twitter links, Discord links will hurt we can arrange that this is not set in stone as of yet. On the footer, we also have Twitter links, Telegram, GitHub, and discord links that can be more like for the official website whatever. So yeah, this is this is the starting page and nothing really fancy here. This supports multiple languages, we don't have any others we just have norsk here to show case that there is the support for multilingual languages, but we are currently focused only on English and having good structure and good documentation in English. So then we can start having the community contribute to translate into their own languages that we find are important. This is it's important that we do not take this step too soon. Because then the effort will be duplicated because if we have to change something in the English documentation, all of a sudden you have to change everywhere. So we try to have very good proven structure

14:56 
Joao Luna:  Very good, proven structure on on the commentation in English and then start translating it. But yet this Hugo website does support other languages. So this is an improvement relative to the previous document share, I don't know if good book offers an easy way to do this. But this is something that we now have. And then we can jump right away to the documentation. This is the overall structure, you can see already that we have a bunch of useful links. And features make these documentation more easily to navigate. So we can jump right away to everything related to Kubernetes, get all the posts that are related to Kubernetes. We can go to the guide, see everything guide related everything provider related, we can then go from tags. So everything that talks about Kubernetes, we have posts, posts. And on the left side, we have search, search for the website, and documentation structure, we are on in the process of migrating, it's not a one on one relationship from all dogs, to these dogs. What we are trying to do for instance, let's say you want to do the cache provider checkup. Previously, it was just a bunch of smaller pages. Here we are moving towards a bigger page. But we take advantage of this right? Right bar navigation, where we can inside the document just go to whichever section we want. But everything is in one big tight so it doesn't get spread out across pages. Yes, Tyler.

Tyler Wright: This is something that I think we should discuss as a design aesthetic here. I know we'll probably also discuss it tomorrow. Just to provide some context, I believe that previously, when overclock Labs was managing the docks, there was an effort where it was one long page, and people in the community made it made a comment that it was too hard to digest that long page. And so a change was made to chain into steps. So everything was moved into specific steps. And so the page was shorter. And the community said that was much preferred. I'm not saying

17:37 

Joao Luna: we can discuss Yeah, we can discuss that. Here on the right side, we do have the easier navigation that maybe users could benefit from, but maybe they'll still find, oh, I see something's wrong here with the numbers. But something but users can find this to be enough for maybe they'll still find this to be complicated. And then they want it separate. And we'd rather than have it separate. It's just that from the pattern that we've seen on other technical documentation, this is the way to go. But it's up for the community to discuss this and and see how to best consume this documentation.

Tyler Wright:  So does anyone have any before Luna moves on? Does anyone have from this group have any specific thoughts on that documentation structure? I know we'll have some larger discussions tomorrow. But I just want to see from a design perspective, Does anyone here have a preferred method? I do like the thought on the other menu on the right hand side that allows you to click directly to the subsections, which I don't think that we had in the past. So I do think that's like a happy medium, but I just want to hear maybe what Robert Emanuel or Dennis may have to say if anything?

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. Can I can I share my two cents? Yeah, I mean, there's like fine tuning, which could be done at the end, like, you know, what kind of font are you using? I think I saw like two fonts. So and one one thing that's quite important for me before I share anything, so are there any restrictions with with the WHO Hugo and the template you're working on?

Joao Luna:  As far as I know, there shouldn't be restrictions. In terms of elements, like fonts, colours. There isn't really one.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, cool. Yeah, there's another thing maybe which is more like a UX thing. Like you have to search items there, like one is in the top right corner and one is on the left. I think one would be enough, unless there's like two different functionalities within those two items.

20:13  

Joao Luna:  No, they're the same. But yeah, we I mean, we can remove, maybe I think it would make sense to remove this one on the left, and just leave this bar for navigation.

Denis Lelic:  Cool. And what happens when you click on the documentation?

Joao Luna: Here? It's the main page.

Denis Lelic: And top right corner. Same? Yes. Yeah, regarding this page, you know, these are kind of like nice chapters. And maybe we can support those chapters with some graphics, for example. Yeah. So we can like, have tiles there.

Joao Luna:  Were set up a list of them in tiles, make sense?

Denis Lelic: Maybe tiles, and there's a graphic above, like, for example, getting started. So it's just a bit more appealing for the user and to click on and a bit more inviting to go to go through the things?

Joao Luna:  Yeah, I mean, I've created, I've, let me just open, I've created an issue to track everything. As part of the migration, I don't know if that's the scope of the migration or not. But either way, you can come and hear the improvements that you want to see. So it doesn't get lost. And like, we also keep documents that we think are outdated, and documents that we think don't don't make sense to migrate. And people can comment, it is just a matter of keeping track of the migration efforts.


21:48 

Denis Lelic:  Life Nice, nice,

Joao Luna: I'll share the link.

Tyler Wright: That'd be perfect. About everything. But that'd be perfect for us to put comments directly in there. And I know that you have a number of other things, I just want to make sure I was only I didn't mean to cut Luna off while he was presenting I was just want to make sure that we talked about, because I knew it was going to be a talking point, the structure of the page. Luna, do you mind if Dennis continues to give feedback? Or did you want to walk through the rest of the structure prior?

Joao Luna: It's up to you. How do you prefer? I mean,

Tyler Wright: I would actually prefer just let Dennis continue to go unless there's design elements that you want to point out, because I think going through the design structure is something we could do in the meeting tomorrow. In a little bit more detail, where I think the the focus of today's really UX UI.

Joao Luna: I mean, then I think I can just keep presenting and then it's at the end, they'll see all the points. And maybe we don't need we have a dedicated place where it can, we can exchange ideas. So continuing, then there is this print entire section, which is really useful. And that's like, we can like, for instance, have a printable view of the documentation, which might have its benefits, like screen readers wouldn't get confused. If there's too much elements that's easy to print. So like, let's say, we want to print. I mean, let me see something, something about the desex. We can click print page, and we have the the whole section. So not specifically the D section seems I'm not sure if I can Yeah, no, it's only it's only four sections for whole sections. But yeah, we get the view of printable view of the contents, which is great and comes out of the box when you go. We can we can enable or disable as preferred but comes out of the box. And then we have direct links to edit this page where it goes to the the pile in Git in GitHub here it's pointing for to get up support. But it's like it's a matter of changing links. So this one is for editing the page. We can for instance, there's once somewhere where is it? I'll create project issue that points to a new so this is pointing to to our repo. What we have to do is point to the support repo so people can have a link for like okay, there's an issue here. They have a quick link on to create an issue On the support repo on GitHub, so a bunch of quick links on the right side, to 2.2, the right place to point developers to the right place. And as we are in this in terms of UX UI, this is something they are familiar with, if they've used other cloud technologies, there's tonnes and tonnes of popular cloud projects that use the same structure of documentation, we try to keep it as close as possible to projects like Kubernetes. And unlike, and other projects, like you go, as well uses itself. What else there was some other projects, but like, if you if we go to Kubernetes, documentations, you'll see that we are having a very, very similar template. So actually, they kept the search on the on the left side, and not on the right side, maybe it's something that we want to keep in mind. But as you can see, they have, they also have some of the same start some of some of the same action, action links, or whatever actions and a similar structure because the structure was based on the content structure we see, which is a well defined document documentation, and one that people in the call space are very familiar with, and can easily navigate. So we share the getting started and the concepts page. And then the other stuff is specific to to a cache. But we also can take notes on future documentation, for instance, the contribute page might make sense to explain all the six how how people can start to contribute, how they can create, like their Cape kept are set up, they keep the environment and stuff like that to start contributing. Just just just ideas that we can take from from these Doc's that that share the same structure. And I think in terms of UX UI, this is pretty much it. It's, it's really simple, easy to di, we have all the information on our screen all the time. Yeah, and we are migrating stuff. Oh, one of the improvements that we also have is syntax highlighting in code blocks, which we didn't have on on the gate to get book documentation. Let me try to find where maybe I'll try to find one that has a bunch of a bunch of codes. Maybe it's in the guides, provide, yeah, build a cloud provider. So here, when we want to build a cloud provider, the Yamo files now get highlighted, which gives a very nice visual clues on like, the content that we were working with. Yes, Denis


 28:33 
 
Denis Lelic: Is there any chance to add like a copy button beneath that code?

Joao Luna: I'm not sure we can. I can try to search? If there is there might be might be possible. I'm just not 100%? Sure. I think

Denis Lelic: That might be useful for anyone trying to definitely, you just hit copy and it stays in your clipboard. And you're good to go.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's, that's something that we want. Because, for instance, here, the environment setup, this is something that we want people to just click Copy, paste in their terminal, and they'll have a ready to go environment. And same with the first deployment. So this is not done yet. But I'm working on these scripts to create the to create everything and be as simple as possible to for the user to have a running deployment. So we are not focused here on the understanding all that is here because you can, as you can see, it's a complicated, complex command. But we what we are doing here with the GQ is navigating the response from a cache and just providing the values that interest the user. So for instance, when we create a deployment, we want to give the user a D sec. So the user can work with that the SEC on the lease creation, and we right away, assign that to this variable, which will be used by the next comment. So The user really just has to come here. Copy, Paste, come here, copy, paste, and he'll go through the flow of upgrading the leases. Did anyone raise their hand? Hi, this, I heard the sound.

30:20 

Tyler Wright:  Yeah, I raised my hand, temporarily. I was just wondering, and maybe this is not doesn't make any sense. But you see how you're inside that syntax box that you were just looking at inside of the deployment creation, you had to slide into the syntax box? I don't know if this is something that's like me, is there a possible way to format it differently? So you don't have the slide inside boxes? Or is that just like pretty typical?

Joao Luna: This is this is the standard used? Usually, because this is called and usually it's easier to just not show the code than having like, line breaks. What we can do is try to, if we see that we that there is code that we want to like break, we can break it, but like have it broken from the source and not by a page, because then if like I zoomed for instance, let me try to how can I zoom? How do I zoom on Mac? With the mouse? Oh, God, who invented this? Man?

Tyler Wright:  That's what I do.

Joao Luna:  Okay, yeah. Okay. So you see here that, like the text is moving. But then I'm sure that the code is not moving. So because the line break can be the difference between a command running or not running. So So for instance,

Tyler Wright:  I put my hand down because I figured that was a standard. I know that in some areas, I have boxes that will auto form format, once happens, but this doesn't seem like I said, we'll just leave as a standard. So I'm fine with it, I think. Yeah, sorry.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, I'm in from the from the first deployment perspective, I wouldn't worry too much about this. Because this is complex code, I'm not expecting the user to understand it at first, the focus, the focus here is he should get a deployment, he should get a website saying like hello world, or Hello Akash just by running these commands, and once he has that, and those, okay, the network works, this really works, he then can start to understand. And then that's where the guides will come in the cloud post deploy will come in, and all that all that stuff will will start to make sense for the user. One last thing that I want to touch on before we go to the question is that these screenshots are outdated. So this is the Crashlytics deploy to desktop, to whatever in talks with Scott, I think we will replace this with console because it's open source and will follow that standard and all the screenshots on the cache documentation will be from the console. Except those that are specific to cloud most so if we want to show how to create the deployment on Cosmos we will use Cosmos print screenshots of course, but all the screenshots shots to explain showcase generic network features. We'll use the console and I think that's pretty much it.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, nice progress. Yeah. Thank you. I can provide a detailed feed back. I know you're still working working on it. So whenever you're ready, I can just grab some sort of a document and share with you.

34:13

Joao Luna: Okay, that'll be great. Yeah.

Tyler Wright:  Dennis, throw it in that issues for the car in the show. Yeah. It'd be great if you can talk about some of the points if you want to right now, unless people have to run, just so we could talk about them at the highest level. Because I know that Luna is going to make some changes later. Like, again, fonts, we can adjust. But there's anything like major from a design perspective.

Tyler Wright:  Like to make some of those changes before I really have like someone like, Great deep dive into it, you know, because the way it looks can be important, you know, to him, you know if that makes any sense. Go ahead Denis.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. Luna, is there any chance you could plug any libraries out there like tailwind or something into this docs?

Joao Luna: Not sure. That I'm not sure. I'd have to look into it. Because we we were not we were not familiar with Hugo. So we explored Hugo, as we develop this, we just thought this is too important. We have to get this straight online. And we are learning as we go. So but whatever you think would look great, or libraries that you would like for us to explore and import just right on the issue. We'll look into it and if possible, implement it.

Denis Lelic:  Right, great. Thanks. Yeah, I think we pretty much covered everything for this thing. Or, at least from my perspective, I'm sure there's gonna be broader debate tomorrow. Tyler, you have anything?

Tyler Wright:  No, no, again, I I agree with everyone. I thank you, Luna. As you mentioned, this is very important. This is an important touch point for many people that are in or acting with Akash. You know, so whether it be for the first time or whether they're, you know, an active user and trying to add features or optimise their experience. So appreciate all the work that you and your team have done on this. We'll continue to work closely and add any design elements to the support ticket, I think I'm going to again, there's notes in the meeting that we can always reference. But the best place to put any design changes or updates would certainly be inside the issue number 86, which Luna has attached inside the chat and which will be inside the notes. And then tomorrow, there will be a working session for ducks 2.0, which will be more focused on the structure. And just like getting an update on how that migration is going. And the other elements that maybe Luna and his team may need from Scott, Artur Adam and others from the overclock labs team. But again, if anybody has any other design updates, please feel free to put them in discord firsthand so we can discuss them and then we can move them over to the issue if you all agree. But again, Luna, thanks again for the efforts. 

Joao Luna: Thank you. Thank you.

 Cool, if there's nothing else then certainly we can close out this meeting. One item that I'm going to add is action item for next meeting is we had a great discussion last meeting about messaging. I'm looking at the old notes where we were talking about different different terms to be used. I know Robert was mentioning like censorship resistant Luna was talking about like words that he uses like network

38:20 

Joao Luna: I've been using I've been using the compute marketplace or decentralised compute marketplace. I think it sums up pretty well. But yeah, I think we should rely on the message.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly. So I think you know, as soon as you go into cube con Europe, I think we're pretty clear on messaging. I'm gonna try to get to some other assets as pertains to GPUs. So

Joao Luna: please be great because I'm so my first day and I think we can we can talk a little bit about it. My first day will be focused on the high process computing and databases and database node GPUs. So everything related to AI. So to be a fun And first day, I haven't planned the other days. So that's all for the first day. And I'm hoping to network with some people on that regard. And I would love to have context on GPUs and things to show them. And just some background to discuss it with them technologies that they're using. So I can I can be of value to that discussion. No, absolutely,

Tyler Wright:  absolutely. So we'll work through. And, again, this is like kind of going off on a brief tangent, but very quickly, the working group GPU, the insider test net, we're just trying to focus just trying to get one provider issue. We've had a number of success stories about running GPUs on a cash on a cost provider. But but now we want to open it up to a number of different kinds of GPUs that the community may have that test net is looking to start April 24. So it might be like slightly after cube combat, learned, I might even try to get you access a little bit early so that you have an environment that you can mess around in via

Joao Luna:  I mean, if there's a guide on like running some AI workloads, or something simple doesn't have to be anything too complex, just to show that here. I am using a GPU from the other side of the world in a decentralised cloud. No credit card. No, wherever. Just full web three. 

40:27

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly, exactly. Um, but we'll figure that out. But again, I appreciate everybody that is joined, we're going to have a messaging conversation, I'll make sure Zack is here at the next monthly meeting number five. But I appreciate everybody's participation today. And we're going to continue to track how people are doing on various deliverables that they've talked about in the last month, the meeting will track those on Discord. So Dennis and I will ping various people and see how they're doing with animation videos and various things that we can start to grow on Twitter, and use for other promotional material. Go ahead, Luna.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, sorry. One last thing. I've created the LinkedIn for bizarre. And I have some I think I asked Zack about this, but I just want to get a general picture. I'm holding on marketing it until the network upgrade, I think we'll have a lot of material for like all the GPU stuff. Now I'm in talks with Arthur to include also the TLS. So like encryption for at the pod levels, or I mean, at the ingress level for each provider. So there's a bunch of new stuff. Some of these, including the TLS is work of Cosmical, my team. And I'm holding on that marketing. But still, if you want to follow the page, it's available on LinkedIn. So I'll do the plug here. The promotion. And yeah, my question was, can Can I or can we, like at cube con, for instance, when we talk about overclock overclock, or Akash or Kazar. Can we we say, like Kazakh as a developer of a cache network. You're not only like an ecosystem partner, but it's a company that actually is building the network or features on the network like TLS and stuff like that. Yes. Okay. And we can communicate it like that.

Tyler Wright:  Yeah. Okay. I mean, again, overclock is doing that, but but it isn't, oh, it is an open source project. You know, people can check in GitHub, and contributing in new and they will see that you are so

Joao Luna: yeah, it's just a way of for like, so they don't confuse because they'll see like, okay, so you have this company and the creators are this company and like, okay, they are the creators. We are also developing and just, Oh, come on understanding.

Tyler Wright: Yeah. What how I was talking about it is there are a number of the community is reaching far and wide right, and it's continuing to grow. Obviously, we got insiders and Vanguard's from all over the world. There are overclock Labs is the creator of the Akash network. Akash Network is an open source project. There are a number of development teams that are actively working on building out the Akash network overclock Labs is one of them. Cloud most pray toward case arches and are others, you know, and there are a number of

Joao Luna: So we we mark it as are we communicate everyone that builds on ecosystem as a developer for our cash network. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Because I was focusing on those that actively contribute to the core code as the developers of the cache Network and like the other teams, as the developers on the ecosystem or partners,

44:09 

Tyler Wright:  I consider it all a part of that cash network. Specifically, what your contributions are, you can talk about your contributions on top, you know, with the client libraries as well as to the core product with TLS. You know,

Joao Luna:  yeah, my concern here is that they go like, okay, so you are open source, but you have all these companies developing a cache network. And then that means that cache network has some closed source components. So it's kind of contradictory. But I'll, but I do get I do understand, still. Yeah,

Tyler Wright: I mean, again, I actually think it's an inverse. Because, again, there, there could have been a case, right. And for 2022, when this was when this wasn't even the case, when the cost was open, that overclock Labs was doing much of the contribution, and even the core code was closed, right now, with an open source framework of how meetings like this meeting are structured, you know, you are getting and contributing to specs that turned into core code that turned they or specs turned into decisions that turned into core code that is like actively improving their cash network and that

 
45:26 
 
Joao Luna: Absolutely not, that makes now it's clear in my head.

Tyler Wright:   That's, that's every that's everybody, you know, that's not just Overwatch, that is quite starches doing that, you know, and your impact is like, against supporting the official docs, you know, TLS or a number of different things that are much more open and much larger contributions than just like even just a go library, you know?

Joao Luna: Yeah. Yeah, I guess. Yeah. All right. Cool.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. Anything else? Anybody else wants to talk about? Nope. Cool. Well, everyone have a great Wednesday. I don't like that. Thumbs down. I'm just kidding. Everyone has

Tyler Wright:  Got to start asking no questions just so people thumbs down, you know all the time. But again, appreciate the conversation. We'll talk I'm sure on Discord online, but appreciate you all. Thank you guys.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, Tyler. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you.








