sig-design/meetings/004-2023-04-12.md, before:


# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Akash Swag
- Akash design work including animations, videos, etc. 
- Discuss updates happening with [Akash Website working group](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-akash-website).
- Open Discussion with participants


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 8, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://apru4o53g355qdxpxifh2ejjvopsqlmf5c7zlmnygpqq33vekvya.arweave.net/A-NOO7s2-9gO77oKfREpq58oLYXov5WxuDPhDe6kVXA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants



## Notes

- Denis talked about swag items. Luna had a friend that is an artist that wants to do a 1 of 1 series. 
- Luna will meet with the artist over the next couple of weeks. 
- Denis wants to create a prompt for the community to create Akash content. 
- Tyler asked Robert about the assets. Robert makes videos and guides for Akash Network. 
- Assets were plug and play. He had fonts, colors, logos, etc. 
- Denis mentioned that there should be consistency with the logos, but community can play around with design elements.


### Docs 2.0

- Luna and his team are working on Docs 2.0 from a spec out ouf sig-documentation. 
- The goal is to update the structure and UX to improve adoption for new and existing developers. 
- Luna and his team are migrating the docs from Gitbook to Hugo, and then updating the structure. 
- Luna walked through the design for the docs. The front page is a placeholder.
- Additional Languages will be added after we feel comfortable with documentation in English.
- Hugo website does support other languages. 
- Denis asked if there are any restrictions with the Hugo Template. 
- Denis noticed that there are 2 search boxes. Kubernetes keeps their search on the left hand side.
- Denis mentioned that there are a couple of different fonts. 
- Luna and his team are tracking all issues 
- There is a printable view for the docs that are formatted properly. This comes out of the box with Hugo. 
- There is a quicklink to create an issue on the support repo. There are other quick links available too. 
- UX design copies Hugo, Kubernetes and other projects. People are very familiar with Kubernetes and it is a structure that people are used to.
- Luna mentioned that a "Contribution" page would be important to have for how people can get involved with sigs, wgs, and beyond.
- Syntax highlighting in code blocks is added with Hugo. YAML files get highlighted.
- Denis asked if a Copy button can be added for code. 
- All the screenshots to explain and showcase generic features will be with the console.
- Denis asked if any libraries like Tailwind are available in Hugo.
- Luna wants to do some promotion for Quasarch around Network Upgrades. LinkedIn page has been upgraded.
### Akash Messaging

- Robert mentioned some words "Censorship resistance", "Unstoppable cloud" , "Decentralized" , "Open cloud"
- Luna mentioned that "'Network' is a big one for me as most people don't know what cloud is".
- Scott Hewitson agreed that people get confused by the "cloud".
- Luna suggested "Cloud Marketplace" , "Decentralized Network of Compute might work" , "Decentralized Cloud Provider Network"

### Action Items

- Luna will share items in Discord after meeting with Artist for Akash swag idea. 
- 


# **Transcript**

Commit message:

update sig-design 004-2023-04-12.md
add action items

Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

sig-design/meetings/004-2023-04-12.md, after:


# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #4

## Agenda

- Akash Swag
- Akash design work including animations, videos, etc. 
- Discuss updates happening with [Akash Website working group](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-akash-website).
- Open Discussion with participants


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 8, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://apru4o53g355qdxpxifh2ejjvopsqlmf5c7zlmnygpqq33vekvya.arweave.net/A-NOO7s2-9gO77oKfREpq58oLYXov5WxuDPhDe6kVXA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants



## Notes

- Denis talked about swag items. Luna had a friend that is an artist that wants to do a 1 of 1 series. 
- Luna will meet with the artist over the next couple of weeks. 
- Denis wants to create a prompt for the community to create Akash content. 
- Tyler asked Robert about the assets. Robert makes videos and guides for Akash Network. 
- Assets were plug and play. He had fonts, colors, logos, etc. 
- Denis mentioned that there should be consistency with the logos, but community can play around with design elements.


### Docs 2.0

- Luna and his team are working on Docs 2.0 from a spec out ouf sig-documentation. 
- The goal is to update the structure and UX to improve adoption for new and existing developers. 
- Luna and his team are migrating the docs from Gitbook to Hugo, and then updating the structure. 
- Luna walked through the design for the docs. The front page is a placeholder.
- Additional Languages will be added after we feel comfortable with documentation in English.
- Hugo website does support other languages. 
- Denis asked if there are any restrictions with the Hugo Template. 
- Denis noticed that there are 2 search boxes. Kubernetes keeps their search on the left hand side.
- Denis mentioned that there are a couple of different fonts. 
- Luna and his team are tracking all issues 
- There is a printable view for the docs that are formatted properly. This comes out of the box with Hugo. 
- There is a quicklink to create an issue on the support repo. There are other quick links available too. 
- UX design copies Hugo, Kubernetes and other projects. People are very familiar with Kubernetes and it is a structure that people are used to.
- Luna mentioned that a "Contribution" page would be important to have for how people can get involved with sigs, wgs, and beyond.
- Syntax highlighting in code blocks is added with Hugo. YAML files get highlighted.
- Denis asked if a Copy button can be added for code. 
- All the screenshots to explain and showcase generic features will be with the console.
- Denis asked if any libraries like Tailwind are available in Hugo.
- Luna wants to do some promotion for Quasarch around Network Upgrades. LinkedIn page has been upgraded.
### Akash Messaging

- Robert mentioned some words "Censorship resistance", "Unstoppable cloud" , "Decentralized" , "Open cloud"
- Luna mentioned that "'Network' is a big one for me as most people don't know what cloud is".
- Scott Hewitson agreed that people get confused by the "cloud".
- Luna suggested "Cloud Marketplace" , "Decentralized Network of Compute might work" , "Decentralized Cloud Provider Network"

### Action Items

- Luna will share items in Discord after meeting with Artist for Akash swag idea. 
- Community members will give feedback on Docs 2.0 design inside of tracking [Issue #86](https://github.com/akash-network/support/issues/86)
- Community members to help find someone that has experience building github websites to help with design improvements including data fetching, design implementation, and beyond.


# **Transcript**
