# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #5


## Agenda

- Review of all design initiatives 
- Decide which of the initiatives are moving forward and what roles in those initiatives are community members will be having. 
- Review progress for Akash Documentation


## Meeting details

- Date: May 10, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: 
- Transcript: (#transcript)


## Participant

- Joao Luna
- George Pro
- Denis Lelic


## Notes

- Joao Luna mentioned that the collaboration in using the MD files template is easy and scalable, allowing for collaboration-friendly work. It supports translation and doesn't require a formal structure.
- Denis Lelic suggested recording a session where Joao edits the MD files to show the community members how contributions are made. Joao agreed to record a tutorial video.
- Denis Lelic offered to help edit the video and publish it, crediting Joao as a contributor.
- Joao Luna proposed discussing the design of the documentation homepage and mentioned some design changes he made, including removing the landing page image and simplifying the content. He sought feedback on the colors, links, and layout.
- Denis Lelic shared his draft for the homepage design, featuring an overview of the docs, core chapters, and social links. He will provide SVG illustrations for the design.
- Joao Luna agreed to incorporate elements from Denis' design draft and work on improving the design after the migration to the new documentation platform.
- George Pro asked about the design needs for the upcoming HACKATHON and whether it should be discussed separately. Denis Lelic mentioned that he will review Adam's message and determine the requirements before further discussing it.
- Joao Luna mentioned that the swag project is currently on hold, with the focus on the documentation and client library. The swag brainstorming phase is ongoing.


## Action Items

- Joao Luna will record a tutorial video on editing MD files and share it with Denis Lelic.
- Denis Lelic will edit the video, and credit Joao as a contributor.
- Denis Lelic will review Adam's message about the design needs for the HACKATHON and discuss it further.
- Denis Lelic will provide SVG illustrations for the docs homepage design in the documentation ticket discussion.
- Joao Luna will incorporate elements from Denis' design draft into the documentation homepage and work on improving the design after the migration.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Joao Luna: So, it's really easy for collaboration.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks Luna. And thanks George for reminding us to record this call. Can you repeat the last thing for MD files?

Joao Luna:  and so I was saying that and the template, the one of the things that I like about the template that we are using, is the fact that Collaborators only really have to to create those MD files without really like a formal structure to work with. The template and that's one of the benefits that I find and even for like if you want to translate translation could be either than manually or like automatically you just translate the empty files and put it on another folder. and it will like another photo called, like, PT for Portuguese and you'd have like the Portuguese translation for those MD files so it's really like scalable and collaboration friendly. That's one of the things that I like

Denis Lelic: Oh, would you mind? Maybe just recording one of your

Denis Lelic:  sessions where you edit the MD files. I think many community members would appreciate that, just to see how that thing is done and how the contributions are made.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I mean I can I can even show it right now. I think Let me.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, that that would be great.

Joao Luna: Okay, can I share my screen then? Yeah, it will be really easy.

Denis Lelic:  For sure.

Joao Luna: So you'll it's really quick. So, for instance, share a window.

Joao Luna:  Is it?

Joao Luna:  okay, so, for instance, let's say that in the Getting Started page, I want to have like a new section called I don't know. Cloudmouse our consultants. Yeah, let's get started with the Console console deployment. So it's a getting started. That helps me. The only thing that I really needs is like a header section and this is for like, with some metadata about the page. So the title of the page will be console deployment. The link title as well, actually the same. I can add a couple of tags saying, Okay, this is part of the getting started. This is guides I can have like a tag saying this, this is like for a graphical user interface.

Joao Luna:  And this is like console related. I know I can have whatever I want the width. I can like the weight is basically like the water in which this item will appear in the in the navigation can be none, it'll just follow each other. Once and then yeah right away, I can just start writing. So Yeah. but and this is like the documentation I can even like save and you'll see now that if I open terminal window,

Joao Luna:  Like a terminal and I make you go server which is basically starts the server. I'm not sharing the screen on the browser. Let me change that, that's why I opened.

Joao Luna: It should be up, okay? And now let me change slab sharing. Share a window.

Joao Luna: Okay. So this is the documentation site homepage. I can go to documentation, getting started, you'll see a consult deployment, and I page is already here with other stuff. So the categies that I find tags, And all this stuff. So this is as simple as it is to start like a page to attributor. It's really just one file and you'll have your page on the documentation on the right place that you put it. And the tags have like the links to everything.

Denis Lelic:  That's great.

Joao Luna: So everything that's key why related everything that's like Getting Started.

Joao Luna:  Yeah.

Denis Lelic:  Perfect. I mean, you know, just having this

Denis Lelic:  short recording would really help. A lot of community members because I, I, you know, throughout the meetings, I I heard like, especially for the non-technical community members. They're asking like I have and I know piece of content. I want to contribute But there's just like this.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic:  I'm looking for the white right word. I'm some sort of a barrier between, you know, a user trying to do something and not knowing how to execute that. So, Maybe.

Joao Luna: It. Yeah, I think I think I think this destroys that barrier really like the simplicity that this template offers it's just It's really good.

Denis Lelic:  It for my opinion, you know? just, A short tutorial tutorial like you already showed us. Now would be really really helpful if you've if you find time of course but otherwise I'll just chop this thing. If you agree publish it somewhere.

Joao Luna: Yeah sure I'll see if I can record one more like professional, maybe talk a little bit slower and go through a little bit more points, maybe with like a two, three minutes. Video. If not we can just chop this one, but I'll try to make a new one.

Denis Lelic: yeah, if you find time, you know, would be greatâ€¦

Joao Luna: No, yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: if you just Go through a couple of stages,â€¦

Joao Luna: no worries.

Denis Lelic: but don't mind editing. I know you're busy with all of the stuff that's going on.

Denis Lelic:  if you just record it, maybe you just share it with me, send it over but on discord email or whatever and I'll put it together or I'll ask someone from the community members to To.

Denis Lelic:  Edit the whole video and everything. Make the intro outro publish it and so on. And will credit you for as a contributor.

Denis Lelic:  If you agree.

Joao Luna: Yeah, sure.

Denis Lelic:  Cool. That's great.

Denis Lelic:  We've been kind of freestyling this meeting because I know Tyler's running late. He said He'll try to join and other core team members. Some of them are out. Some of them are not being able to join so, if you guys have anything you would like to discuss,

Joao Luna: yeah, I mean, I think if you allow me, I can't kind of hijack andâ€¦

Denis Lelic:  sure. Go for it.

Joao Luna: turn this into a small working group for like the homepage And work out like How,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Perfect.

Joao Luna: how do we want this to look. I know you've showed some like, Walk-ups, I think. But I kind of kind of lost track. One of the things that I did was removed, the landing page image. So there wasn't really much to it and simplified The content, but maybe like the colors can be a little bit off. Maybe something more like soft to the eye. That's like, that's that I guess that's the scope of that design. Let me let me open a new window.

Denis Lelic: We're talking about dark space, right? Cool.

Joao Luna:  Docs docs page. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  Share my screen window.

Joao Luna: So yeah, this is kind of how it looks, I guess it's kind of ugly. Oh, one of the things I haven't done as well, is the typography. Something simple that I just forgot about it. But yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic: No worries.

Joao Luna: this is one of the things I would say like, belongs to the, the migration scope because It has to be usable to some extent. But I'm not really sure what to do apart from these call to actions that I think makes sense some of them. Like two of them are repeated but like we can replace these two with or maybe these two With different stuff. And what do you think about this? And also like the links here you, I know you suggested today like i what the exact, what you expected and also the bottom ones I'll and also now all on the same side, those are suggestions that you made and we applied

Denis Lelic: Cool. Have you maybe seen the? Yeah, of course you did the draft I did for the. There's actually a couple of drafts for the homepage of the documentation.

Joao Luna: Yeah, I think so.

Denis Lelic: Maybe I'll just share my screen.

Joao Luna: I can open it here. I think I have One nice. I think it's in.

Joao Luna:  Opposite.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic:  It's under the discussions.

Joao Luna:  This.

Joao Luna: It's in. Oh, Yes of course on a cash letter.

Denis Lelic:  Across. Yes.

Joao Luna: Yeah I thought it wasn't now our organization. And discussions. Here. Now, No.

Joao Luna:  I think it's in the Support right.

Joao Luna: Yeah, it's the tracking.

Denis Lelic: Honestly, I forgot.

Joao Luna: It's a it's a track. It's a tracking ticket. I remember. Yeah, so this

Denis Lelic: Yeah, if you scroll down there's got to be. Yeah, I was thinking about something.

Joao Luna: this, which That's the thing.

Denis Lelic: and I talked,

Joao Luna: I don't know. I don't know how possible this is to

Denis Lelic:  Are you're saying because of the template?

Joao Luna: Now, maybe Maybe it is. Okay, now that I'm looking at it it might be possible.

Denis Lelic:  It. Yeah, I was thinking just having a good overview. Of the docs right from the start. So it's either your there for the first time. So you want to know how to get started and find out something about essentials um, and maybe just having

Denis Lelic: A couple of like core chapters that are important. For users to go through. And maybe some links for the social.

Joao Luna: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: So it's really simple, just Providing. Users, all the necessary information they need to get started or to learn.

Joao Luna:  Okay, yeah, I'll try to copy this portion here. See what I can do or me and my or someone from the team. Where can I find these illustrations?

Denis Lelic: I can I can add this one. You mean?

Joao Luna:  I mean, all of them I might need some. But yeah, in the future I might need to

Denis Lelic:  I'll, I'll share them as, as Svgs. Maybe here in this ticket.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Joao Luna:  Okay.

Denis Lelic:  Or I don't know how did you call it? Like a ticket discussion or

Joao Luna:  Yeah, the ticket for tracking.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, cool, I'll add those svgs there. So everyone who is following the discussions. Can access them there.

Joao Luna: I mean, which of them. So these are suggestions, right? So you are saying this one, this one, or this one, something like this, right?

Denis Lelic:  Yeah, I just explored the different directions because I know there are limitations that we need to be aware of. Yeah.

Joao Luna:  Yeah, we'll see what we can do as long as this information is there and like presentable. I mean, I think this social icons are kind of like, in the footer so,

Denis Lelic:  Oh yeah, okay.

Joao Luna: but I'll see and also in the heads in the header, they are like But yeah,â€¦

Denis Lelic:  Oh yeah, they're also there. Yeah.

Joao Luna: I mean that this this part I'll try my best to see how I can put this there. Yeah sure.

Denis Lelic:  Cool. Right.

Joao Luna: Okay. I think that's the only thing missing right from like a design perspective and also this. But this I think it's like one of the limitations of the attained plate and I think from like from a migration Standpoint or scope. I don't think like it's really that priority right now. It's something that definitely can be worked on and we can work after like it's live. I think it's not blocking like To start using the new documentation.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah. I mean. I agree, you know, just taking care of the migration andâ€¦

Joao Luna:  We can. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: then we could take care of the styling and Being on brand and stuff like that.

Joao Luna: Yeah. Okay yeah. That's one of the things that I want to discuss. I think it's today, right? The working group for Is it?

Denis Lelic: Let me check,â€¦

Denis Lelic: it's actually today.

Joao Luna: Working. Yeah,â€¦

Joao Luna: that's that's session. Yeah. Okay safely. Everything is get started today and

Denis Lelic:  Cool.

Denis Lelic:  Great, George. You had anything you wanted to discuss?

George Pro: Yeah. Thank you very much. I wanted to talk about last time. Adam was, I don't mention that. The design team is going to work on the HACKATHON desire about, I don't know if we I don't we are going to discuss it you and Adam.

Denis Lelic: It's I didn't get your question, sorry.

00:15:00

George Pro:  Okay, I'm saying last time I saw on discord, Adam, like Adam. Thank you that a They need a design for the HACKATHON for the HACKATHON. We are organizing, right? But I don't know whether it's forced under this. Sick or we are going to like do it. We are going to do it in a different way like we're going to discuss it only Adam or you have to discuss it.

Denis Lelic:  I see a he tag me there in the HACKATHON group channel. I mean

George Pro:  Yeah. It's like it's longer good and I can't really crack it now, but I already did somewhere and that is good.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, I'll have a look at that. And just to see what exactly are the needs for the HACKATHON.

George Pro: Yeah, I wanted to know if you don't want to discuss it or it's like Yeah it's number one person is going to take the whole design and they do it or we are going to discuss it. That's what.

Denis Lelic:  Yeah. I mean, I'm not really sure what are the need for the HACKATHON. What exactly do they need? Or Adam needs. So maybe I'll just try to track down. The message. He sent me. And to see what exactly he needs. And we can further discuss that, but if there's no other

Denis Lelic:  Designer community members willing, to take that task. I'll show, I'll make sure I'll take care of it.

Denis Lelic:  Luna 11 question, regarding the regarding the swag. You mentioned a couple of times. Do you have any news about that?

Joao Luna: Yeah, no currently no news something.

George Pro: Right.

Joao Luna: That's kind of like in the back file. The documentation and the client library stuff gets sort out and like live and all the GPU stuff. It's kind of on hold. But something that I'm doing that in parallel, it's everything else. Just moving slower. So not really mentioning is still on the brainstorm phase.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Yeah, no worries. Take your time.

Denis Lelic:  Okay, so If we covered pretty much everything that we plan to cover today. I suggest we finish this meeting early and we're gonna talk again in a couple of hours, regarding the ducks, In the next working group session for the, For the Documentation page. So thank you guys for joining. And we'll see you. We'll see each other in next time.

Joao Luna: Thank you, cheers.

George Pro: All right.

Denis Lelic:  Take it. Take care. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:18:26 ðŸ‘‹
