# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6


## Agenda

- Previous initiatives brought up by community members
- High-level overview of initiatives and past accomplishments
- Inviting community members to revive initiatives and draft proposals
- Updates on the Akash website
- Discussion on design assets and mascot
- Support for content creation and long-term content ideas
- Open discussion and sharing of ideas
- Presentation of a prototype for a mature Akash Console
- Feedback and suggestions on the prototype


## Meeting details

- Date: June 14, 2023
- Time: 09:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: 
- Transcript: (#transcript)


## Participant

- Ammar Abdullah
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Denis Lelic provided an overview of the meeting's agenda and previous discussions.
- Initiatives that went cold and stale were mentioned, including video explainers, tutorials, merge design templates, and Akash network mascots.
- Dogs migration and website updates were successfully implemented projects.
- Community members were invited to revive initiatives, draft proposals, and share them on Discord for further discussion.
- Arthur is working on updating the token page on the Akash website with illustrations and styling.
- Tyler emphasized the need to agree upon bounties for website issues before starting work.
- George requested branding assets for printing purposes, which were provided by Denis. All branding assets are available on GitHub.
- Ammar Abdullah, a designer, expressed his willingness to contribute and discussed his previous work for Akash and other related projects.
- Tyler mentioned the GPU testnet and the need for content related to it. He suggested collaborating with Ammar and others to fill any content gaps.
- Ammar mentioned the importance of creating content for non-technical users and requested information on how to configure spare GPUs with the Akash GPU marketplace.
- Tyler mentioned Praetor App as a community tool for non-technical users to set up providers and suggested collaboration with them.
- Denis presented a prototype of a mature Akash Console with improved UI and added functionalities. He shared different screens and features.
- Feedback and suggestions were requested for the prototype.


## Action Items

- Arthur to discuss bounties for website issues and submit a proposal with the expected effort and rewards.
- Ammar to share the mascot sketches again on Discord for review and finalization.
- Denis and Ammar to schedule a separate meeting to discuss collaboration and detailed design work.


# **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hello everybody, and welcome to sixth Akash Sig design meeting.

Denis Lelic: For today, I was planning to cover some of the Previous stuff that was brought up by community members. and just to have a high level overview of Initiatives. And the things we've done in the past for basically just to inform Chang, who was planning to

Denis Lelic: Join us today but I'll just share notes and recordings for him, but From a very high level. I'm just going to cover a couple of things as you guys know because you participated we covered a lot of stuff. There was initiatives that kind of went cold and stale but community members brought up Video Explainers to tutorials on. We had discussions about merge design templates. some community members brought up even like Akash network mascots.

Denis Lelic: Some of the stuff we discussed were also dogs migration, and the website are network updates, and both of those projects took their own path. And are currently being. Successfully implemented.

Denis Lelic: But yeah. For all of the other stuff. That kind of wants to.

Denis Lelic: I'd like to invite all of those community members that brought up those initiatives to either. Try to bring them. Back to life revive those ideas, maybe draft a proposal, drop it in the discord and we can discuss it there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. So Maybe The most Touchpoint. We covered yesterday. And that's A network website. We have actually Arthur DM me today, that he is already working on the first issue, and that's going to be the token page. He's gonna update that page, with illustrations and provide a little bit of styling there, a little bit of spacing. So, it kind of looks Better cleaner. Yeah, go ahead time.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, that sounds great. I just want to again mention again in the Akash website, Working Group session. There are four bounties that were put behind issues in the website repo. If Arthur is going to be working on any of those issues that is great, I would love for the bounty to be agreed upon first so it doesn't go too far down the path of doing a lot of work with an expectation of a certain dollar amount. So I would love for him to talk about what hours and if he's going to do a number of the issues, if he's going to do two of them or three of them, or even all four, if they could put that into a short proposal, that it can either throw in discord or share with you, that could be shared with the Overclock Labs Core team, that would be great.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree just to set some expectations before we kick it off. so, Everyone.

Tyler Wright: I know you Go ahead. Sorry, Denis.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'm okay. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: I was just gonna say I know you just dropped off, but if you can hear, we were just saying that for anybody that's going to be participating in, solving any of the website issues, or any of the other issues that involve a bounty. It'd be great if the person that wants to fulfill the bounty and receive the reward for the issue can and can provide detail as to how long the issue will take as well as how much reward expecting for their efforts. And when we do those two things, when we have that pieces of information, then we can allocate the reward to a specific contributor so that it's cleaner. So just one throw that out there. Sorry, Dennis to cut you off.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, no worries. Also one thing that was brought up in the previous week, George requested, some of the branding assets for the printing purposes, he's attending an event in his hometown and I dropped him some of the branding asset he needed for the print his T-shirt and while we're discussing brand assets, all of them are available on our github. So it's G akash dash network slash brand assets or you can find them on Akash dash network. Okay, I hope that I got it right.

Denis Lelic: yeah, but Thanks type as usually I want to, I would like to keep these meetings. With the same goal as we had in the previous sessions, basically, just to discuss new ideas. If you have any initiatives and any needs of design assets,

Denis Lelic: is the time to share them, we can discuss them. I see Ammar is here as well. So high Ammar.

Denis Lelic: I'm not sure if you're the right person but I think you did the mascot For a cash network.

Denis Lelic: And you talk to Greg about it, I'm not sure but If you can't talk at the moment, it's completely, okay.

ammar abdullah: Hey everyone. I hope you guys are doing great. Yeah, I mean are not the one I presentation some ideas about Akash Avatar and I think we haven't finalized yet, so whatever you guys just will find us that

Tyler Wright: Thank you ammar, it's great to see you here. I know that you have been working with your team on designing assets for Akash network, for a very long time. I think upwards of maybe over a year or two, is there anything specifically that your group is working on right now that you want to talk about? Or is there anything that you all need support with as you continue to, develop assets for, social media and other things that you are working on?

ammar abdullah: Thanks, Tyler, nice to meet you. To Finally, we got the chance planning some composition. Yeah, Iâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yes.

ammar abdullah: I think it was around an year ago when I started working for the Akashian, I the I think the main kind of one of the ways of us. So he reached out to me and he says You have to create some content. So I started getting content for the kashian group and then I guess Greg or I think it was Post who reached out to me to they need some content for the official Akash community of your cash company. So I also started getting some content for the company as well but most of my work was for Caution Community. I think it was around few months that I got the chance of working for the cash company as well.

ammar abdullah: And I think later the onboard is some new team for the design. So I started focusing on Akash community along with the cash community. I'm also associated with some other projects. Most of them are kind of cosmospace. Before Cash I used to work with Kava Then after Kava I joined Captivity Beach and Althea. And so most of my clients kind of they are most related to cost more space projects only I have the time slots of working for a few projects only so it's liked. cosmospace projects only. So yeah. I mean right now I'm working with Cosmos Jeffrey Beach Althea for and Caution community and there are some few projects as well but I think they requested in order to disclose their name yet. So right now caution we have to be and I'll see

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Thank you very much. Is there anything on the community side that you all are thinking about or coming up? I know that we have GPU testnet, that is a big initiative from the marketing side on Overclock, and obviously, across the cash community being promoted widely, is there anything else that you all are thinking about over the next couple weeks, coming months on your side related to Akash?

ammar abdullah: I meant most of the times like I discussed with Rob and sometimes we brains from some ideas and then we work on it. for example, just to give you an example last night, and there was an outage in Amazon Web services. So today what we did was just created a simple design and hopefully, it will be treated tomorrow. most of the contents are kind of short-term, contents, we get the idea and we create that content, however, I would love to work on some long-term content as well. It can be explaining video, it can be some other sort of Such videos. Takes a lot of time, but I would love to work on that and regarding life. For example, it can be video later to keep GPS testing.

ammar abdullah: So I just need information from the right guy. for example, if you have the information that you believe that will definitely beneficial for the cash, you can share with me, and we can like my team with straw working on it. So we just need the correct info to work on that. Most of the info that I got are little short on Show them designs. I give you the example of Amazon outage. So, we just get it content on that. And we also creating some short content later to GPU launch as well. So, yeah, I just need help lady in the content. it might be kind of scraped or just a few words. And then the rest, I think it's easy to convert that text or content into videos or some of the sort of things.

ammar abdullah: So yeah, this is how we work. we need info to work on and once we get the info, we just create the content and for the GPU I don't know, it will be feasible or not, for example. for videos animation, we need processing power, our videos takes a lot of time, sometimes it takes a lot of Four, five hours or something. It took six to eight hours surrender, a video. So I'm looking forward to how we can leverage that power of a cast TV marketplace that we can use to decrease our render time. I believe a rendering time should not take much time but I believe my Akash GP marketplace might help in that. So this is what I'm really interested to look for.

Tyler Wright: From an operational standpoint moving forward. Tomorrow, I know that we previously talked in telegram, if you are a part of a discord channel, it would be great if you have any requests if you need any documentation, if you need any behind the scenes or need access to any document guides, whatever, if you could throw that in SIG design and then tag me at Tyler Core Team, I'll make sure that you get it as quickly as possible, so that you can create any piece of content you want. So if you need brand assets, again, those live on GitHub, but if you're making a GPU test that video and you need access to the GPU provider set up documentation, please just ping me in that SIG design channel, and I'll make sure that you have whatever pieces of information, you need to create the best piece of content.

ammar abdullah: Okay, cool. That will be good.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Tyler Wright: I do know that ZJ and a couple other members of the community, including shimpa are creating some videos that are being used for marketing materials leading up to on the testnet and then during GPU testnet. One thing that we can do as an action item following, this meeting is just a Scott work with Zach rather to see if there's any other pieces of content, video. I know that some people from the community in the past have talked about doing line drawings or illustrations that, have some movement or style that explain maybe the GPU test that explain a task or something. Explain how to build an SDL we can figure out where those holes are and then paying Ammar and other members of the community to help fill those holes if you need to.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Denis.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, no problem. Thanks If you agree, you and I can also connect some other time, maybe get on a call. And we can discuss other stuff more in detail. Currently, I believe we have a lot of stuff going on with static graphics, but Maybe we could. Spice up one of those and maybe animated or something like that. Just to bring a little life to it, a little bit of dynamic.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but as I said we can discuss this in detail maybe A separate meeting.

ammar abdullah: Yeah, sure happens.

Denis Lelic: I think.

ammar abdullah: Yeah, I would love to and that's the reason I definitely love to help you guys. I believe I have learned so much with the guys like a cash is kind of one of the few projects that I started creating content for. So it's All a kind of journey that I have with Akash not on the front scene, but on the back because most of my content is for the community. But definitely, I would love to work for and I would love to offer my services to the cash company as well. So yeah, definitely, I would love to discuss with you.

Tyler Wright: Just ammar just for clarification's sake. so with the new open source, model that we are working under everything that happens with akash is very much on the open. so I know in the past there's been Overclock Labs team that has been basically managing and owning a number of the akash assets as of January 1st. Again, many of those things like their cash website, all the CIGS and working groups, the project list and how we move forward with the Roadmap even designs are a community effort. And so some of these things that you design or will be with the intent that they will go on the akash network social media, or reddit, or wherever they end up in a more formal status. Just

Tyler Wright: Just like anything would have been done the past Via Overclock. So, it is a more open process where, again, some of the work that you do can obviously live on their caution, but also we'll be leveraged by the Akash Network official handles. So I just want to just make that clear.

ammar abdullah: Okay, Yeah. Got your point no problem.

Tyler Wright: Actually.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, good point. Tyler Yeah, with this new open source model. Basically are the community. Kind of has the keys and they can make their own initiative. So, if you have any ideas about, maybe

Denis Lelic: I don't know video tutorials explainers maybe like the mascot. You're already proposed. Just drop it in the discord and We can discuss where and how could we use that and how the community can benefit from that?

ammar abdullah: Yeah, I will I think a few weeks so I think it's more than a month, so I've shared that again on the discord channel. So it's just a rough sketch. it's not finalized. So I thought, once you guys finalized and he mascot and then we'll do the coloring and the illustration work. So, I will put the sketches again, so once you guys have prove that andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, if you could share those again,â€¦

ammar abdullah: then we'll do the illustration part.

Denis Lelic: because We refreshed our discord and maybe those messages are lost. So if you just drop them there again, it would be great.

ammar abdullah: Okay, just give me a couple of minutes because I think and the content is on other system. So I have to go back to that system and then, definitely, I will share on the discord channel.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, no worries. Take your time.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: is there any topics or Would you like to discuss anything else? Maybe George Zach.

00:20:00

ammar abdullah: I just want to discuss one thing for example, we are expecting GPU marketplace, but for example, consider me as a new be like, I'm not a kind of technical guy, so if I do have some spare GPUs so how I can configure that with the car GP marketplace, considering that I am a new PI, I don't have so much of taking knowledge so I believe we should have some sort of content might be a graphical or the video that can help any newbie which is not kind of technical to simply land their GPU power to the class if you marketplace. So that's the only and I have in mind that I think we should work on that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go ahead time.

Tyler Wright: I think to that point there is a community tool that is designed for folks that are less technical. This community tool is called Prador Apps. It's for people that are looking to set up providers, but they don't have the technical understanding to Go through the CLI and the documentation. I'm throwing that in the chat, I know that the Pray toward team is very open to support. We have a member of the insider and vanguards community shimpa who's doing active testing on their tooling, for setting up a GPU provider as well as setting up a mainnet provider.

Tyler Wright: I know that they could use some support, whether it be in creating content, maybe adding pictures and images to their documentation. But what that will do is that will and greatly improve the user experience for non-technical folks that are looking to become providers. So again, whether it be through the documentation, when they're trying to set up a provider via pro tour or whether it be through a video that gets them connected to pray tour, if you can take a look at the pretor app and see where their holes, because your point that's the path that's going to be most desirable for anybody. That's less technical or newbie that doesn't understand Kubernetes or Dockering Docker, all that. but has spare GPUs and wants to become a provider. That's how they'll be able to do it.

ammar abdullah: Okay, I'm checking operator I used to Visit Cloudmos but never got a chance of using predator but I think I will approach to these guys as well. for example, if they need a new fire systems regarding graphics or the animation, I would definitely love them. I've definitely love to have them as well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, cloudmose again. It's deploy client for a tenant and this is a provider client for selling a program for provider. So the other side of the marketplace?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's one more thing. I just remembered we could. Maybe quickly have a look at it. I'll just stop presenting this and switch to.

Denis Lelic: basically, what we're looking at here is, I played around a little bit with console and I try to,

Denis Lelic: Visualize how a mature product could look like? I've also updated a little bit of UI and added new functionalities here. I know there was a proposal from CLOUDMOUSE and they requested some of the funds to be dedicated for complete UI redesign. And I think this covers a lot of that stuff they were asking for

Denis Lelic: basically what we would need, it's just contributors to build this thing and we could have a proper fully functional deployment to So, I'll just guide you quickly through it. So, We're here at the moment. We're looking at.

Denis Lelic: A landing page where What you basically see at first sight on a cash console? There are options to deploy different templates. There's explainer, how it works. And we can also provide different resources tutorials guides for anyone who's not really familiar with the product. And let's say, for example, We want to deploy something like this, then we have a different categories, whether you want to do I don't know, Let's say I want to host the web service, you hit one of these and select a template. you can also, Choose a customer SDL and just paste your code in here.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: And then for example, there are different options here. Currently, we only have deployments but we could have With a lot of information from providers attributes, and Resources, they're providing their uptime.

Denis Lelic: There's an option also for deployments. And this is also new feature where you hit deployments and you Are able to. Put your deployments in a folder. Let's save your working with hundreds of deployments and templates here. It kind of gets messy. So for example, if you hit deployments, it's going to create its own screen here and you can just drag and drop. Your deployments into a folder, renamed the folder and maybe you can add a label as well.

Denis Lelic: But I'm still working on the prototypes or it's not really functional as you see. For example, this is

Denis Lelic: Deployment page. so, you can see there's

Denis Lelic: sorry, this is actually a provider details screen so you have capabilities here, you can have some analytics about the provider. Let me just switch back to this thing.

Denis Lelic: So, there's a lot of stuff going on as you see.

Denis Lelic: For example, this is Deployments page. You have all of your apps or deployments here.

Denis Lelic: And you can have also a detailed screen of your deployment with this is a bit of redesign here. What happened is I've added Icons here with dedicated. Naming. So it's kind of easier to recognize what each of these action will do.

Denis Lelic: Then you have different tabs for funds events, logs, leases integrations.

Denis Lelic: and for example, this is an tegration Integration tab, if you can view integrations and this is basically, An App Store within the console so you can have I Don't Know. You Need Analytics tool. you can select one and assign it maybe to your deployment. We have the activity. Screen, which is not available at the moment, but would be nice to have it. And here we can just Track. What events? That's are happening. There's also a domains screen where you can assign and port. First you have to import and then you can assign the domain to your deployment, for example,

Denis Lelic: then we have Options here, for example, choose How to Pay. Maybe you want to connect. A different wallet and just the Kepler wallet and they're presented with a screen which is missing at the moment. But let's say you're able to select a different wallet and pay with different currency and There's so much options. and again, maybe when the deployment is finished, I have this success screen which kind of Is celebrating your deployment. And the particles are floating around.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, this is just from a really high level covering this stuff. But when I finished the prototype, I'll share it so everyone can test Leave comments there. So Maybe it's going to take a different direction we can add or change things, of course, but that's just something. I was planning a long time to do.

Denis Lelic: That's it. Another cool feature would be at the moment where you're selecting a provider when you're trying to deploy something would be great if you can select a backup provider and this is a screen where you have a primary provider.

Denis Lelic: here is indicating you can select the backup provider just in case. The first one goes down. So yeah. A lot of fun stuff going on. We just need two community team members to try to implement all of this stuff. So what do you guys think?

Tyler Wright: Big fan, big fan, Denis.

Denis Lelic: I mean, it's gonna be easier for everyone.

Denis Lelic: when they give it a try, when it's a fully functional prototype, it's going to be much easier to Get a better feeling of it.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Denis Lelic: Yeah that's something from my side. I wanted to share. But if you guys have any questions, any comments, anything you want to bring up feel free, otherwise we could just wrap it up for today.

Denis Lelic: So Thanks Ammar and George for being here. NMR And I hopefully gonna Connect, and we can do a separate meeting To see How can you help us actually with your expertise?

Denis Lelic: But thanks guys. See you in the next one.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Denis. Thank.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

Zach Horn: Take care.

Tyler Wright: All right.

ammar abdullah: Thank you, everyone and bye.

Meeting ended after 00:33:06 ðŸ‘‹
