
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7


## Agenda

- Previous initiatives brought up by community members
- High-level overview of initiatives and past accomplishments
- Inviting community members to revive initiatives and draft proposals
- Updates on the Akash website
- Discussion on design assets and mascot
- Support for content creation and long-term content ideas
- Open discussion and sharing of ideas
- Presentation of a prototype for a mature Akash Console
- Feedback and suggestions on the prototype


## Meeting details

- Date: July 12, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://4v5gjbxldak3kwlx7jbkp2gcgp4ovvbf6q67ue2oyp22w2guavua.arweave.net/5XpkhusYFbVZd_pCp-jCM_jq1CX0PfoTTsP1q2jUBWg)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Denis talked about the things that have been done in the last couple of weeks.
- There has been a lot of work around the Akash.network website. The issues were presented by Zach and others in the website repo.
- There are a couple of things that are coming soon the website.
- Tyler mentioned that a roadmap on the website would be great.
- Tony Stark is working on the ecosystem page.
- Denis is working on a draft of a funding page.
- The press page is another page in the pipeline.
- Issues can be found in Akash Website repo [here](https://github.com/akash-network/website/issues).
- Denis is trying to understand the API of Praetor for the ecosystem page.
- Tyler mentioned that Cloudmos also has provider data.
- Zach mentioned that a Press page is necessary. There are a number of press inquiries for Greg and others. Brand kits and media kits will be included in this.
- Denis asked if it was possible for Arthur to make a video on how to add a news article to the new page.
- Zach mentioned that it would be great to add a link icon to pages that take you to external pages.
- Arthur is working on another issue, and he will have a PR ready soon.
- Tyler mentioned that new issues are being created to add to the bounty board.
- Tyler talked about the other efforts coming from sig-design including:
  - Arthur and Tony Starks are starting to support Akash Console.
  - Swag has been made for community members in Africa.
  - Sig-design developed a banner for events in Berlin and Paris.
  - Sig-design developed Akash swag being worn by Akash Community members representing at events in Berlin and Paris.



## Action Items

- Denis will make a draft of press page.
- Zach will help with sourcing brand kits and news articles.
- Denis is going to investigate a svg for links that go to external pages.
- Denis and Overclock team will add a visual on how govenance proposals are made on the network. This will make it easy for people to understand the structure of the Akash Open Source framework.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey, everybody, and welcome to the Akash SIG Design meeting Number Seven. I hope you're all doing well as per usual. I'd like to share a couple of information about things we covered in the past weeks. Vast majority of work was done network. And in the last working group session for a cash website, Zach brought up a couple of issues which were also created in the Github repo. And big thanks to Arthur again for making himself available and for being able to cover. I believe all of those issues in a very short period of time.

Denis Lelic: So, I suggest we take the session today's session for sick design and we could Turn it into another session for the website, because Basically, we're all here.

Denis Lelic: The main guys that are contributing to the website and I'm glad Arthur is here as well, because we need someone to implement all of the ideas we have at the moment. So as I said, those issues, Are covered. They're done and I believe in an hour or so, Anil is going to merge that thing and we're gonna have The website updated. But a couple of things are in the pipeline for the website. Tyler mentioned last time it would be great to have some sort of a roadmap. and the website that could be a possible location for that would be maybe in the community and

Denis Lelic: along with that, we would need A page where we? Provide Some Guidelines. How to Create a Proposal? I already have a draft for a funding. page, but I'm not sure if that's

Denis Lelic: covering that or is that a completely separate thing? Another thing we have in the pipeline is the press page. That's maybe an easier left and yesterday, I added also. Another issue which would be the footer. At the moment. We're kind of basically just have a dead end. There's just brand guidelines and a couple of other items there, but we could definitely expand that section because What kind of keep browsing keep scrolling, keep going through the website, maybe user didn't find a certain thing on the website and footer is kind of like

Denis Lelic: A good crossway where we can direct the user where they want to go, or we would like them to go. So yeah. Yeah. And another thing would be the ecosystem page. I'm still waiting for some information from Jigar and basically,

Denis Lelic: And trying to get some information about their API. Because I would think it would be great to include the providers in the ecosystem page. So let's see how that goes. We already discussed the draft proposal last time. And yeah, Tyler. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: Just another resource. I know that if you may need it because you maybe want to do other things for the ecosystem page, they're gonna put in the chat cloud. Most also has a path for kind of understanding providers on the network and a visualize, a certain way. So if Jaguar, and Duvall are busy because I know they're doing a number of things print or related to continue to improve that tool might be beneficial to maybe also, reach out to Max. If yes,

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's great. Thanks for that information. I know a while ago, I had a look at this but there was way less information than it has now

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: yeah, I think the clubhouse team is updated significantly over the last couple of weeks, so a lot more information as you just

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's great. So anything else you guys want to cover Zach? Maybe Arthur.

Zach Horn: Everything you just went over, sounds good to me. I totally agree that we should get some of those pages up as I'm going into that. We do need to press Page. I think to your point that's a pretty low lift. I'm also looking at the footer as well. I didn't even know these brand guidelines. We're linked down here, but this is great. I think, and then as I'm definitely open to your thoughts on this, Where do you think those brand guidelines should go elsewhere on the site? I think it's good to have them in the footer, but I mean it'd be great for those to Have their own page or somewhere, they can be featured. Is that the press page maybe have an all-in-one, our recent press. have something that looks like a press kit and then maybe we can have The brand kit or something like that, be part of that page. What do you think?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think that's Possible and doable. what exactly would be in the press kit?

Zach Horn: Yeah, press kit and brand kit or super similar. I would say they could either be combined or if we were going to split them out, it's two separate sections. the only I'm thinking a lot of this point, but Where my head goes with that of if somebody wants to write an article about Akash they could use the Brad kit. Yeah but we could also position some of the assets or logos specifically for people that want to cover Akash journalists and whatnot. Because I just have a feeling especially we start getting into These larger publications and Greg's doing all these high-profile interviews. It might be good for there to be a one-stop shop for Reporters and journalists and whatnot that are looking to cover akash. So it could be things like quick overview of the network.

Zach Horn: A selection of logos that are going to get used more often. Maybe some headshots of Greg or something like that. That's one thing actually that we get asked for a lot is when Greg's doing a podcast, it's like people want to headshots, we can just keep them Greg's bio current headshots, maybe. Photos of the team are some of the stuff that's coming out about land that Waz is doing. more curated,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think we had a document.

Zach Horn: ?

Denis Lelic: It's quite old, but we might need to update it a little bit. Maybe we at least new headshots and Maybe messaging as well. But yeah, I do agree having that. There would be helpful. yeah, Tyler

Tyler Wright: Is there currently a issue right now for the press page?

Denis Lelic: one sec. There is

Tyler Wright: Is a close. I'm looking on the press page right now.

Tyler Wright: As I'm trying to fill out some more bounty.

Denis Lelic: There, how do I filter? The tail.

Tyler Wright: Okay, I'll look instead right now.

Denis Lelic: Might be in style.

Tyler Wright: Looking clothes.

Zach Horn: There is the issue 52. Let me link it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I see it right here. Okay.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: And it's also Greg created this.

Denis Lelic: So it has the press section, should include press releases, press articles, and media kit.

Denis Lelic: And I see Tyler just reopened this now.

Tyler Wright: just,

Denis Lelic: I can put together a draft Zach if you're interested you can help with press Flash Media kit and I'll provide all the branding assets. So they're Are ready to be downloaded there.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. we could do even Kind of a minimum viable product kind of a thing where we can at the very minimum, just get links to the most recent press, especially the high profile stuff like the Washington Post and whatnot high profile press links, some basic brand assets, and then, Rex Headshots and Greg's bio. I think that's the minimum just to get this thing up and running, and then we can build it out from there. This is also actually as I'm thinking about it, a good touch point to figure out which Headshots Greg wants to be using and just to Clarify that as bio is exactly the way that he wants it presented. So,

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's great.

Zach Horn: yeah, that's good. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: One more thing, if you're gonna develop this press page, is there an option to maybe just share a screen recording? How to add a new article, maybe?

Denis Lelic: Just to have an example for me,â€¦

Emmanuel Arthur: Actually.

Denis Lelic: Zach, Chai or maybe Cheng as well.

Denis Lelic: Are to see how the thing works, and how difficult or easy it is to do.

Emmanuel Arthur: Going to do.

Zach Horn: Sounds good.

Emmanuel Arthur: I will show you later.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, no need yet because we don't have the design but I guess we can talk our client about this in a separate conversation.

Emmanuel Arthur: You can. Okay.

Zach Horn: Real quick. I have a really small thing on the website and I can open up an issue for this. But something I've been thinking about for a while on the website page the links of the top andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: the navigation there's two I think it's stocks and ecosystem. We're going to external pages, a websites when there's an external link they'll do a little arrow next to it just to visually indicate that you're leading the site. is that possible on?

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Hugo like to put a little image next to these links? Or Is it over complicated?

Denis Lelic: No, I think that's possible and we just need an SVG for this arrow, which is going to be an indicator that After user clicks on it, it's gonna open in a new tab or window.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but eventually, we're gonna have dogs and the ecosystem page within this.

Denis Lelic: Within this existing page.

Zach Horn: All Yeah, so they're gonna be on the side eventually.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I'm not really sure how far Luna is with the implementation of and the migration of the documentation. But yeah, the goal is to keep the dogs and the ecosystem. On this page without users. going to,

Denis Lelic: New tab, I guess.

Zach Horn: Yeah, sounds good.

Denis Lelic: yeah, type

Tyler Wright: in regards to I know Luna took a two-week break to recharge. He mentioned in SIG documentation, that is ready to do a migration. So I think we're gonna set up a working group meeting some point after the GPU, testnet, to start that migration process over so we can start moving things over to our class time network slash docs. So that's where we kind of stand with Luna. Is there Zach for the issue that you just described?

Tyler Wright: Is that something that because we're going to add those two pages that we don't want to do in the meantime. I think it might be like a couple weeks. I'm maybe a month tops before that? Docs is ready. Is that if it's something you want to do in the meantime then I would just say Just make an issue so we can just track it. If you decide,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah. It's so small andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: we want to go for,

Zach Horn: quality of life and if they're coming back. maybe we don't even need it. Maybe I'll just make the issue. Just so it's documented and then we can decide if it's worth prioritizing or not and if not no worries.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think if it's such a small thing and Denis can find SVG. I think it's even worth it per month or so, I'm sure there's other pages that we're not even thinking about. But also may go check external links, that might just be good to have.

Zach Horn: On that exact point discussions also links out and that's obviously going to always be on github. So at the very least we could do the arrow for discussions.

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: And anything that links out to Github in any way, shape, or form. I think, the Readme set are kind of linked will also link out there, So,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: real quick while I have you all here. if you have something else, Is there any other clothes issues that are stale that we want to reopen?

Tyler Wright: And then one other thing, Arthur, if you can hear me, In the current issues that are open right now. So I'm just going to go off this tab real fast once you have done the work. So I think you've done the work for a number of these open issues right now. Can you please make a comment on the PR that did solves and then I'll make sure to close those issues and this will be another checks and s paying out rewards for the bounties.

Emmanuel Arthur: I tell you, I have already commented on the issue that I have, so with the PR andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Emmanuel Arthur: our recommend that, I mean, but it lasted one issue about the that three groups in Planâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Excellent. That

Emmanuel Arthur: then homepage. That's what I'm currently working. And I'm almost done. I'll make a few hours, I want to. If they appears now already made our addicted it. And everything is perfect with the three groups.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much.

Denis Lelic: Thanks. Bye. Hey Cheng, any? issues, you would like to Bring forward regarding the website. We're just discussing the website.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, sorry for joining guys. None for me at this point in time.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I was hoping we had another contributor. as a developer and also as a designer, His discord handle is bold, panther and his name is Spears. I believe he's somewhere from India. And he is really eager to contribute, he already sent a couple of traps.

Denis Lelic: directly to me, and I'm just trying to get him to these calls so we can discuss things and we can work with each other and hopefully we're gonna have new contributors. Design wise and implementation wise.

Tyler Wright: Then it's real quick. Can you see my screen?

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: This added Hero image to read me file.

Tyler Wright: Is this something that's for the website? Or is this specifically for the community page?

Denis Lelic: This is actually the website repo. So, it's just a hero image for the readme file.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: For example, If you go to the,

Emmanuel Arthur: that's,

Denis Lelic: Website Yeah. So we're going to have this header. which kind of is an indicator and Tells the users, Just it's a bit more prominent than writing that with a font. And it brings a little bit of To the Github, which is kind of A hard thing to do there.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Sounds good to me.

Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm just trying to Bring some differentiation there when you switch between repos. So there's kind of either a different image and as I said, a little bit of branding in

Tyler Wright: No that brings up another good point. I want to shout out, Denis, one thing that we're doing with the Github, the Readme's, for every Sing and Working group are being massively cleaned up. Where, again, we're adding dates through next year inside the table so people can know exactly when meetings are making sure the meeting notes transcript in, the recordings are up to date adding information on what the agenda is for each meeting. So, it's very clear, but then again, Denis has been helping with just a cleaning up the structure of the Readme as well as adding some design files to the Readme. So that they're a little bit more, visually appealing as we continue to build out the community of folks that want to participate in six and working groups. So, shout out that effort that Denis has been doing on a stick design purchase like the structure of the Akash community groups.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Thanks, I

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think we pretty much covered all. I know we got Cheng here which is great. We can discuss a little bit about having a page for how to create a proposal. We discussed if that should be part of the community page, just like a separate tab.

Denis Lelic: And we could basically provide some information and instructions. For anyone who's willing to put a proposal there.

Denis Lelic: We can also add stuff like What kind of funding is possible through bounties or through? I don't know, funding a project but that's kind of like proposal as well. Could be.

Denis Lelic: taking the thing that would help.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I wasn't that written up somewhere in a draft format internally before I think was a spearheading that a little while ago, right?

Denis Lelic: there's a document in Github. I'm not sure if it's not discussions, but

Denis Lelic: One sec. I'm gonna try to find it.

Cheng Wang: But yeah, you don't have to fish it out. I do think that that would be helpful, a guide, just to walk through. Here's how you some in governance, proposals. And here's how he, I think. In internally also submitting governance proposals is technical affair more or less whether we like to man or not. And I think baking that in there also would be helpful just, how to use command line interface. what? Are the commands, etc. I think Huey put together a little bit of a cheat sheet for that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so we should include the technical stuff as well as Those guidelines that were put together by Adam.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, yeah, I agree with that.

Denis Lelic: Okay. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I've linked the guidelines in the discussions this it's in the chat. Also pinned in the governance proposal area, but yeah, I've also had the action item that changed. Denis is described for the Overclock. Team to handle that.

Denis Lelic: Thanks.

Denis Lelic: And also Cheng with discussed the press page. That made a good point to provide a brand kit and a press kit there. We could also have headshots. From the leadership and BIOS, especially Greg's biles would be helpful. since he's like,

Denis Lelic: Often joining these podcasts and stuff.

Cheng Wang: That's a really good call.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. we had a document on old one Old Press Kit. I'm not really sure if that's still relevant.

Tyler Wright: Up.

Denis Lelic: which document I'm talking about. It's probably the first press kit.

Cheng Wang: This is the ancient and Yeah, yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: That's probably not relevant anymore. The only thing that hasn't changed is probably a logo.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we can draft a new one.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, let's do that. Design assets, not just logos that we have, Colors most commonly used. What is it hashes, Hash codes for Things like that. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: if we have everything. Yeah, I think we're pretty much covered the website.

Denis Lelic: the last couple of weeks were quite, Quiet regarding the community side, there weren't much of things that were asked.

Denis Lelic: So I only talked to pious mostly and Arthur regarding the things around the website. So that was like Where most of the work went. So yeah, I'm looking forward to improve the website. So

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: later on, we could focus on different things. Do you guys want to? Yeah, I go ahead.

Tyler Wright: So I was just gonna quickly shout out some other wins. I know that you have worked closely with a George for them to develop some swag that took him to some real life events. I know that some of the swag that you developed went out as a part of the events, 2023 endeavors that are happening right now in the end of Q2 with the Adam Berlin and all the events happening in Paris. So I know the insiders as well as Adam. All those that are participating in those events, got swag from the Akash Shopify store and they're very excited about that swag and representing again I know that Adam Wang they gave you a shout out on discord, already about the banner on that sink design created for

Tyler Wright: some of those in real life events that you can kind of see on Twitter and seeing some other images again as we continue to grow the presence of Akash across the world. So, I know there's a number of things happening besides the website, and then again, on the marketing side, another Zach has been doing a number of things to increase awareness about the GPU, testnet about KAVO. There's a number of other just general efforts that are happening related to, again, the GPU test that specific tasks and just general just swag and visual communication. So, I do want to the website has been amazing. And I know that Arthur and Tony Stark of also, out of the Akash website, working group and just doing a great job and really, just improving the process. As we've gone on, they've also gotten involved in the console, open source groups, I know that Arthur and Tony Stark are both.

Tyler Wright: Discord channel and both are willing to Also help support the console react site. So just much. Shout out to Dennis Arthur Zak Cheng. Obviously everyone here and everyone that's traveling or may not be at this meeting for all the efforts that are happening. Just want to shut that out with us.

Cheng Wang: Thank you,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Tank site.

Cheng Wang: Tyler. Want to

Denis Lelic: You're much better at this than I.

Tyler Wright: No, no, please. There's a lot going on. I know that you're also talking to people behind the scenes because I saw someone on discord said they've had a conversation with you about some items. So I know in the summer, it gets kind of hectic for folks with travel and just general life, So maybe some of these steaks and working groups may not have the same attendance live at the meetings then versus what they do, like September through, the beginning of summer, but I know there's been a lot of work and efforts happening between meetings in discord and behind the scenes. So, Just want to acknowledge to those that are listening in andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's true.

Tyler Wright: may not be aware.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. So, if you guys want to discuss anything else,

Denis Lelic: Please bring it up.

Emmanuel Arthur: And then I'm about a homepage yesterday.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Emmanuel Arthur: I still haven't receive any bounty for the company that I really

Denis Lelic: The home page.

Emmanuel Arthur: The menu.

Denis Lelic: Let me check.

Emmanuel Arthur: The main homepage.

Denis Lelic: The homepage with the updated illustrations. And that scrolling section, right?

Emmanuel Arthur: Yes, yes.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the thing is we haven't had a bounty for that That was Arthur's first Arthur started working and contributing to the website even before we had

Denis Lelic: This setup for bounties as we have now, where we create an issue and

Denis Lelic: we got folks that are Picking up those issues and we set up a bounty and both sides agree. But yeah, Arthur. I'm sure we can manage something to cover that part as well. We got Cheng here. So I'm sure Cheng is okay with it. So We'll talk.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, for sure.

Denis Lelic: We'll talk Arthur. And I'll make sure that thing is compensated.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would just say Arthur moving forward. We'll make it very clear on all elements that have a bounty behind them. I know that the Overclock team has been working internally. Shout out Huey Cheng again for leading these efforts, on a bounty sheet. Where many of the things that are issues right now in the website repo are being added to that bounty sheet. And then again we'll start to put specific bounties around those. So there'll be a specific issue, there'll be a bounty attached Arthur. As an example, you can sign up for that issue and it'll be very crystal clear. What's going on again some of those early things that you do like the first efforts that you did as a PR was just open source community efforts. But we'd love to work more closely with you on something down to efforts because you've been doing a great job. So thank you very much.

Denis Lelic: Yes, Thank you for your patience as well. It took some time. For this thing to click.

Denis Lelic: Me and Arthur are talking, probably on a daily basis. If you need anything else, please let me know.

Denis Lelic: Okay, if we covered. Most of the stuff, I suggest we wrap it up for today. And for sure, we can talk to each other offline async for the other stuff. That's

Denis Lelic: Going on. thanks again. Everyone for participating and I'll see you, I think next week in the working group session for the Akash website. Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Perfect, thank you.

Denis Lelic: Bye.

Zach Horn: Okay. Thanks guys. Take care.

Emmanuel Arthur: Right.

Meeting ended after 00:32:30 ðŸ‘‹

