# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #8
## Agenda
- Website design elements improvements.
- Design style and elements.
- GPU landing page design.

## Meeting details
- Date: August 09, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7hbbbiaiqssx7redpnzevdfif3smtvixbsd6uahwjtqugqcndxia.arweave.net/-cIQoAiEpX_Eg3tySoyoLuTJ1RcMh-oA9kzhQ0BNHdA)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
### Discussion on website design elements improvements
- Graphics on the [website](https://akash.network/) were identified as needing a facelift.
- Denis specified some specific graphic requiring significant improvement.
- Denis suggested the possibility of dividing groups into graphics or avoiding logos and using names for clarity.
- Denis mentioned the hero images on GitHub and referred to a list provided by Tyler.
- Denis expressed his intent to work on the hero images and hoped for community assistance but was willing to handle it on his own.
- Denis mentioned plans to update all illustrations for the GPU with a specific style.
### Discussions on design style and its elements.
- Denis explained the design's elements, such as handwritten illustrations for a human touch and geometric elements for the technical aspect.
- Zach Horn expressed approval of the design, highlighting its appeal to everyone.
- Denis Lelic clarified that the design is a website markup and stressed the importance of a unique, on-brand style.
- Denis mentioned the value of these elements in providing a unique illustration experience for Akash.
- Denis referred to their previous use of this style during the GPU campaign.
- Zach Horn praised the design for being both unique and familiar, as well as clean and lightweight.
- Denis confirmed that the design maintains the desired lightness and simplicity while giving Akash a distinct identity.
- Tyler Suggested that Denis identify "low hanging fruit" design tasks that can be tagged as "design and bounty" in the community issues to make it easier for the community to contribute.
### HACKATHON graphic and related promotional content
- Denis Lelic mentioned adding the HACKATHON graphic to the action items.
- Zach Horn noted the upcoming launch on Monday and the need for a tweet summarizing the tracks with good engagement.
- Zach discussed an email blast scheduled for Friday and suggested repurposing the original social media graphic.
- Zach Emphasized the importance of incorporating the tracks into the tweet and reusing existing content.
- Tyler reminded everyone that there's still time for individuals to register for the HACKATHON, which begins next week.
### GPU landing page design
- Arthur inquired about the readiness of the GPU landing page design for development.
- Denis explained that the GPU landing page design was pending final feedback and would be hosted in the Overclock Github repository, not as part of Akash Network.
- Tyler clarified that the GPU landing page was an Overclock Labs effort with a bounty for development and would be a collaborative project between the community and the Core Team.
- Denis assured that he would provide more information on the project, and Arthur could start working on it soon.
### Other Matters Discuss
- Denis brought up Adam's point regarding the Massari video and suggested Robert, who has experience with video editing, could assist.
- Denis suggested the possibility of handling the video internally due to its content and requirements.
- Tyler mentioned a migration plan for the Akash documentation 2.0.
- Tyler shared the plan for allowing the community to review new docs 2.0 in a live state over the next couple of weeks.
- Tyler explained the intention to take the new documentation live after Mainnet.
#### Akash Participation in EthSafari
- Tyler asked if there were any specific resources or assets required from SIG Design to support Akash's representation at EthSafari.
- George stated that he was still in the preparation process and would determine their needs and share them with Denis as time went on.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of communication with SIG Design to obtain the necessary brand assets and materials for the event.
- George discussed the possibility of sponsorship and the organizers providing design materials as part of the package.
- Denis offered his availability and willingness to provide any required assets for the booth or video presentation at EthSafari.
## Action Items
- Denis to provide additional information about the GPU landing page design.
- Zack to  Repurpose the original social media graphic for an email blast.
- George to share Ethsafari design requirements with Denis.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Glad you're the boss.

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody, and welcome to today's SIG Design Meeting. there are a couple of things would like to discuss, and I'll just get started with

Denis Lelic: The first one. Yesterday, I had a look me and Tyler were just talking about. What exactly could we discuss? So I had a look Of the pending stuff and try to find. Where could we improve? Anything design related. So, I went through the website and they're like these graphics. That. Could use a facelift. Something like we did for the presentation for audio boss. Greg and so on So, there's one. This one, definitely you need some work.

Denis Lelic: and I'm not really sure how to fix this system since there's so much information going on, but there's a possibility of dividing these groups into graphics or just avoiding logos and just providing names and stuff like that. So that will be one thing. The other thing would be.

Denis Lelic: these hero images. On Github. I know there's a list. Tyler, you've sent me. I've saved it. Just hadn't had time to put the work in. I was hoping someone will be here from the community side to. So I get push that to them, but doesn't matter, I'll take care of it. And I wanted to talk about. Also the thing Adam brought up, Which is the massari video. I'm not really sure if he shared this thing with the community. but I think Robert might help since he has some

Denis Lelic: I just forgot the Experience with video editing and stuff. He already did for a cash. Yeah, but as I said, if there are no takers, I'll take care of it. And Maybe it's even easier for us to take this thing internally and just because of the content and everything that goes, Into a video.

Denis Lelic: The the illustrations we did with it for the GPU. I was actually planning to update. All the illustrations with. That kind of style.

Zach Horn: That sounds great. I really like that design and I think everybody did. So yeah that's great. Wear these going?

Denis Lelic: This is just a markup for the website. So, I think I talked to Tyler a couple of days ago, and

Denis Lelic: At least for my perspective. It's great to have some unique on brand style for And the argument here would be like we have this.

Denis Lelic: A handwritten illustrations which are kind of like bringing that human touch and then we have this geometric elements that bring in the tax side of it. And

Denis Lelic: I guess they provide some unique.

Denis Lelic: Illustration experience for a cash. And I think where we were missing that I know we kind of inherit that style but I'm glad we

Denis Lelic: took that approach during the GPU campaign and kind of experiment to see what could be done with it, how to elevate that style. And we'll just give it a try and see how it works on the website and on the other materials,

Zach Horn: Yeah, I really like it because It is unique. there are other design styles that I see out there that are similar. But there's nothing that's exactly the same. So it is like it in a way, but it's also kind of familiar and legible and all that and it's clean and lightweight too, which that's

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I know, Greg requested having this lightness and Simplicity around these illustrations. So I think we kind of kept that.

Denis Lelic: But we made it a bit. Our own meaning Akash, owns them.

Denis Lelic: So that's about it. So we covered Github Hero, images, ugly charts on the website.

Denis Lelic: Massari video and these illustrations, that will be everything.

Denis Lelic: I came up with what I could remember off. Of course there's the website stuff we're going to talk about that tomorrow in detail. there's also,

Denis Lelic: Website related and that is a docs documentation. And I still own some feedback on that thing and it's kind of like overlapping the design and the website meetings and the Akash meeting. So yeah, I heard something but I don't see a hand.

Tyler Wright: So Eris may, I won't let you finish.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go ahead.

Tyler Wright: In terms of the doc think there's going to be a migration, we're working through the migration of Hugo over. So that again folks from the insider and buying guys community can start going through the new docs 2.0 and a live state. So I'll be sharing that with folks over next a couple weeks and then folks can give their inputs again before we take The idea is to take it live sometime After Mainnet. So when there's a little bit of a low so that we have time to update any blogs, any other collateral that might have links to old documentation, they'll have links to the new documentation page. So I'll give that a good sorted, some time after main, Upgrade

Tyler Wright: Yeah, as mentioned, there will be a working group session tomorrow around the website where there'll be some folks talking about website changes. I know that there have been some bounties out there. Again, if anybody wants to look at the bounties around the website, please look in the website repo under the issues. Think to that point, I know that Adam has talked about Wozni and sick community and a head of community overclock. But in state community has talked about some bounties

Tyler Wright: Video assets and some other items. I think Denis talked about that at the start of the call, but I think it might be a great dentist that there's any low hanging fruit of items that you want to get designed. You don't have the bandwidth to do. I think we should start putting those items in the community issues and we can start tagging them as think, design and bounty. And I know that There's a set aside for this kind of stuff, So I think we should start using it so we can start pointing people at direction in sync design without you having to say it in the meetings, here are some things that folks can design if they want to and see if it get me biters that way.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. There's a mar. he made himself a bit available. the DID graphics for a caution. I think he still does those. Akashian videos. So I was planning to talk to him regarding these graphics. It's an easy task. So, It's not going to take much time resources and so on.

Denis Lelic: anything else?

Tyler Wright: I see George and Art and Arthur on the call.

Tyler Wright: I hope I'm not speaking too soon, but I believe that George put in and a proposal to Akash insiders, to go to eat Safari and I believed that proposal has been approved. And so in preparation for that event, are there any resources that you all need from big design or anything that you need from SIG design, George in terms of assets, when going to East Safari to represent a cash,

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: George, you might be on mute.

George Pro: Yeah, yeah, thank you we are going to developer. I was still in the preparation process, so As time goes on, I'll be able to kind of get the whole idea about the things. then I will share it with Denis.

Tyler Wright: Okay, and we want to make sure that you have a merchant stuff right prior to the event. So you have stuff to wear and hand out while you're there. Okay.

Tyler Wright: That's the only thing I had,â€¦

George Pro: All right, Thank you very much.

Tyler Wright: Yes, no, yeah. please let folks know andâ€¦

George Pro: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: sick design what you need so we can Make sure you have the right brand assets. And again anything that you need to represent a cost that eats the car.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, good call y So, as Tyler mentioned, I'm here available, just let me know what kind of assets you need Even if we're planning a booth or a video presentation. Just let me know.

George Pro: Yeah. Yeah. we are planning of a boot or something. I spoke with Adam. So you're going to kind of have a boot where we are going to presentation over there, but I don't know whether the Organizers are going to do the design for the boot or you have to bring our own design because I don't said it's going to be some kind of sponsorship. So I think a designs and those ones are part of the blue, the amount we are going to pay you're going to give out their boot what we have to do, to send the design to the organizers and then they are going to do the banners and everything themselves. That fair idea how about the whole thing.

Tyler Wright: Excellent. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: So When you get that any assets any documentation from each safari, just throw that in sync design. So that, if sizing needs to be adjusted for any assets, we can make sure that we're optimizing for that. that'll take Denis or another member of the community just a few seconds to make sure everything is size properly and high quality.

George Pro: Sure, sure.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, thanks. Tyler George. If you guys have anything to add to these five points or I guess four points, please do so.

Denis Lelic: This was pretty much everything from them from my side. I'm sure we'll talk offline and async so, If you have anything, just let me know and I'll add it to this. These are kind of like, actually my Action items for the next week. After we finish some of the website stuff that's been going on.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's it for my site.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Denis. I have nothing else to add again.

Denis Lelic: Our.

Tyler Wright: We'll have to working group around the cash website. Tomorrow, there's some lively discussions in Github discussions, and then there's a proposal, Up for vote happening right now. Additionally, I believe there's a SIG analytics happening tomorrow. So just a couple of things on the calendar over the next couple of days.

Denis Lelic: One more thing, I forgot Zach you've mentioned the HACKATHON graphic. I might add that to the action item as well.

Zach Horn: That would be great if you have the bandwidth. I guess we're launching on Monday. I'm thinking at this point that it'd be good to do at least one tweet that goes over the tracks the engagement on all the tweets has been pretty good so far. So if we can do one tweet that has the tracks on it maybe in a graphic and then we have an email blast going on on Friday, as well. Can probably just repurpose the original social graphic. But if you have any thoughts on that, those are the two big touch points at this point,â€¦

00:15:00

Tyler Wright: Yourself.

Zach Horn: one more tweet and then the email blast and then maybe we'll do something on Monday when it launches.

Denis Lelic: And the content can be reused from the existing graphic.

Zach Horn: I would say So yeah I don't think we need to reinvent the wheel on this one. Just I think the big thing is just having the tracks on there.

Denis Lelic: Got it.

Tyler Wright: Zach Gray call out about Just another reminder that folks still have time to Register for the HACKATHON and participate over the I think month starting next week.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I think George is already a part of it. I know he was. There. And since the beginning,

Denis Lelic: And Arthur. If you have time and bandwidth, you're welcome to join.

Denis Lelic: so, we might Wrap up early today.

Emmanuel Arthur: Hey, hey Denis actually is the GPU landing page design. Ready for development.

Denis Lelic: yeah, I'm actually waiting for final feedback. There was some additional information from the core team. Which led us to design a Completely new page and it's not going to be part of the existing network. Which means also it's going to be part of another repo. And it's going to be in the Overclock Github repo. If I'm not mistake Tyler, you probably have more information on that side.

Tyler Wright: No, that is correct. So this is actually not an akash network. This is an overclock labs effort, that'll have a bounty behind it, Arthur to develop again and demand page for Overclock Labs. So we're just again, leveraging, some of the community at Overclock Labs of Core Team to build a page of live in the overclock repo, for a new site where the demand page will be held and hosted.

Emmanuel Arthur: Arthur Alexander Information.

Denis Lelic: As soon as I have more information,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Denis Lelic: It's probably going to happen today. I'll ping Chang and the rest of the guys if they have any additional changes issues. And so on, if not I'll provide you the drawings and you can start working on it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but good call Arthur. It's actually not part of Akash as Tyler mentioned. But yeah, we still have to do it anyway.

Denis Lelic: So, Thanks everyone for joining today, don't forget the meeting for a cash website, which is happening tomorrow. And I'll see you there.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Denis.

Meeting ended after 00:19:07 ðŸ‘‹
