
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #10


## Agenda

- Previous initiatives brought up by community members
- High-level overview of initiatives and past accomplishments
- Inviting community members to revive initiatives and draft proposals
- Updates on the Akash website
- Discussion on design assets and mascot
- Support for content creation and long-term content ideas
- Open discussion and sharing of ideas
- Presentation of a prototype for a mature Akash Console
- Feedback and suggestions on the prototype


## Meeting details

- Date: October 11, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Notes

- Tyler talked about wg-akash-website
- Denis and Zach talked about some videos that are being made.
- Denis and Zach have been working on videos for Automatic1111 and other AI models deployed on Akash Console and Cloudmos.
- Youtube videos will be embedded on the website.
- Overclock going to make a decision about how to display Console and Cloudmos for the Getting Started page.

## Action Items

- Zach will upload videos to Youtube.
- Zach will provide copy.
- Denis to work on Github images.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Allâ€¦

Zach Horn: All right.

Tyler Wright: Welcome to Stick design monthly meeting number 10. During these design, special interest group meetings. The group talks about everything related to

Tyler Wright: visual communications and just general communications on the akash network. This is a place where anybody that wants to contribute to developing content, potentially blogs, animations, graphic design. Again, anything design related or communications related, this is the group that's open to the public meets monthly. On Wednesdays there's a calendar invite that everybody can sign up for as well. As again the discord events are available to all inside discord and you can feel free to Add yourself as one to be notified about the SIG design.

Tyler Wright: One of the working groups of the SIG design is monitoring. It's a working group for their cash website. There was a proposal that was accepted. I believe a little bit under a month ago for website, revamp to have an open source website. That's accomplishes all the things that folks in the sick, design, one from early, touch points for all those that are trying to interact with the cost network, I know a number of folks, whether it be through social media efforts of Zach, or just general awareness land on the Akash network websites. And again, being able to point people in the right direction, if they want to be contributor, or if they're a user, want to understand. What next steps. A website, revamp it will improve the communication and improve the design and ux, as well as again, allow for more open source contributions.

Tyler Wright: Folks, like Denis and Zach have been leading efforts with Piyush and his team that have accepted the work to do The working group for the website to meet every Against the next meeting is Thursday. At 6:30 am Pacific time. So if anybody wants to support with anything relates to website again there's videos going on the website of fair amount of design or happening in Figma and elsewhere. Again Zach has been hands-on with Developing Copy on all the various pages. If anybody wants to contribute, you can feel good to the website, specifically feel free to join that working group session. But again, there's a number of other things happening in stick design.

Tyler Wright: most recently, there's been a number of events that the Akash network has participated in that have called upon SIG design to deliver graphics for T-shirts graphics for

Tyler Wright: Stickers graphics for banners that have gone in the back of displays at some of these events. shout out to Denis and other members of the team that have been leading those efforts. So again, there's been a fair amount of work that's been coming out of SIG design. There is a shop for folks that want to wear and show off their cost network, love the apparel and other products, believe the link for that is shop data cost.network. And again, it's being added to the footer, the website. So if you want to contribute to developing new swag or if you just want to get your own swag again, I think that's swag is being sold at cost, just for folks, to be able to have it, where it show it off and increase awareness.

Tyler Wright: With that, I'll hand it over to Dennis, to see if there's anything else he wants to cover outside of a quick recap of again, all the things that SIG design has been covering and overseas as a SIG.

Denis Lelic: Here, thanks, you pretty much cover, everything except the videos. We got a couple of video tutorials in the making me and Zach were working on automatic 1111 where screen recorded his deployment of the Sdxl, if I'm not mistaken and we got that.

Denis Lelic: Almost ready. It's 90%. Ready? We used aivate voiceover for the tutorial because Democus doesn't speak English. I believe.

Denis Lelic: Another one in the making is this one was done for console and we have another one in the making for cloudmose.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: I think that's it. Zach, you do have any input for the videos because you were part of it.

Zach Horn: Yeah. the one video we were working on is pretty close to done. I think the only thing it needs at this point is maybe a little bit more like filler copy just to fill in some of the gaps but otherwise I think it's just about there so that's on me to get you that copy Denis and then I guess we can throw that into 11 labs and finish it up just on that note we want to produce more of an intro outside of what you already have? Where are you thinking? We'll just do a simple interest and simple outro just clean up the audio and that ship it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, for the first one, I would keep it simple. And later on,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: when we add new stuff, we can play around with it and it's for sure, gonna get better and so on. So I would three three the treat these as an MVP video.

Zach Horn: Yeah, makes sense. And these are gonna live on the website, And that section, we were looking at on the deploy page.

Denis Lelic: I would actually have them on YouTube Akash network channel. And we can just link there.

Zach Horn: Got it. Are they gonna be embedded? Or is it just gonna be like a link?

Denis Lelic: We can about embed them or provide the link, not really sure what works better. Yes. I Okay.

Tyler Wright: I vote in bed, if we can't.

Zach Horn: I thought that as well. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I do think that they should live on YouTube and that should be where the source lives, but for the sake of website, I think we should look to have some more videos that are again hosted on YouTube that are embedded on the site.

Denis Lelic: Okay. Yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: I know. Arthur made a PR for this. product page where we present power modes and console, and I can just add Actually one sec.

Denis Lelic: Previously, we had the capacity and the space to embed and now we're having two of those products on one page and are not really sure where to put I'll just show my screen so you know what I'm talking about?

Denis Lelic: So previously we had Two pages, one for cloud models, and we had much more space to Whatever we wanted. And now we have one page where we present both of these products. And I'm not really sure if we can embed in this area here.

Tyler Wright: Got you? Maybe this is something that we could talk about as an Overclock Labs, internal team andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: then we can make a decision there.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'll just leave it at that for now.

Denis Lelic: Okay, So when we make the decision I'm just gonna let Arthur know about it and I mean, it's embedded so it's quite probably easy to implement.

Denis Lelic: Okay Yeah. Did we cover everything for this page and the videos or do you want to add something else?

Zach Horn: I think that's it for these.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so, Zach, whenever you're ready, just let me know and I'll add The additional voice over you mentioned and Then we can publish it. I'm not really sure who's taking care of the YouTube channel.

Zach Horn: That's me, so it's not just give me the file andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: okay.

Zach Horn: I'll get it uploaded.

Denis Lelic: Okay Yeah, that's it. Regarding the videos. there are a couple of minor things happening,

Denis Lelic: Github images, I know you've requested this couple of times, and every time I start working on it, something else pops in. But I got them almost ready. So hopefully, today tomorrow you'll get them.

Denis Lelic: So we can update the Github pages.

Tyler Wright: No rush. And yeah, if tomorrow is fine, tomorrow's time.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: That's about it. I think for this week, father, Tyler, you are I can fight The right word cohesive is that You mentioned pretty much everything. So,

Denis Lelic: Just haven't quit quick.

Tyler Wright: I'll take it.

Denis Lelic: Look if we missed anything going through notes, but I think we could cover pretty much everything. So cool.

Tyler Wright: Cool.

Denis Lelic: We can wrap it up for today. A bit shorter meeting? No community participation. So yeah, we'll talk in the next one. and tomorrow, of course during the working group for the Akash website, Brandon Others. Join fish. George Arthur and so on.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Yeah, I think Robert's traveling. I think so. A lot of people are just moving around. So it's a little bit hectic this week, but I'm trying to get more people from the general community that want to contribute. So, All right. We'll figure it over time but much appreciate you both. I'll follow up with notes, the transcripts of the recording shortly. But again, if anybody wants to join the working group around the website, feel free to join tomorrow or feel free to reach out between meetings on specific things that you would like to add to stick design. Whether it be again, drawings, animations, videos, etc, There are bounties available to those, that want to support creating content that further creates awareness around the Akash network andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: 

Tyler Wright: makes it easier for people to use it. So, Yeah, reach out to Zach myself or Denis if you have any more questions about potential bounties but again everyone have a great rest of the day and we'll certainly talk between meetings online. Thank you both.

Denis Lelic: Thank you time. It's like, bye-bye.

Tyler Wright: Thank you both.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys. Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:12:11 ðŸ‘‹





