# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11


## Agenda




## Meeting details

- Date: Nov 08, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://mctlnmdevhysanes52tbok6kbc3mgbsgnn6qemc35xhanfc2x67q.arweave.net/YKa2sGSp8SA0ku6mFyvKCLbDBkZrfQIwW-3OBpRav78)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


# **Attendees**

- Benjamin B
- Denis Lelic
- Emmanuel Arthur
- George Pro
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Taiwo Omoyeni
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zeke E

## Meetings Notes (notes from Denis Lelic):

### Video Tutorials for Onboarding 
- (Short, basic videos for new users )
- Proposed topics: wallet setup, AKT purchase, cloud node intro, and first deployment

### Swag and Merchandise
- Care packages for insiders and community members
- Explore new swag items (e.g., embroidered sweatshirts, sweatpants).
- Use print-on-demand services for merchandise.
- Share swag ideas on Discord.

### Marketing Assets
- Utilize the marketing repository for assets
- Suggest additional assets if needed

### Content Creation
- Seek community input for content topics
- Encourage short-form content creation (videos, blogs, etc.)

### Website Development
- Invite community members to join website development meetings
- Provide feedback and insights on the Akash website

## Action Items:

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody, and welcome to today's Sig design meeting. I see we have some new participants for welcome and thanks to everyone who joined today on the regulars of course and the new ones.

Denis Lelic: a couple of things an items Maybe we check from our previous calls. Maybe just making sure they stay in the video content is something that's always on my list and I was just thinking 
I'm gonna probably just have it as my personal project to set up a bunch of tutorials. for

Denis Lelic: Basics just like setting up a wallet for Kepler leap where and how to purchase akt and maybe adding a short intro for cloud nodes the video for creating a first deployment. 
So there's a whole journey of video tutorial tutorials. And that's something that's been on my list forever. And now when we have website

Denis Lelic: going live probably in three to four weeks. I just like to add some of the video content either to dogs or link them to YouTube. I can even host them on my own YouTube channel if it's not aligned with a cash Networks.

Denis Lelic: Content I don't know. So I just want to get it out there. I think we're kind of missing some of that stuff to onboard new users and basically just the deployment tools and yeah, like I said basically the whole journey

Denis Lelic: It's also something that's been on our list forever. We've been talking about it, basically. From the beginning of these meetings and that would be swag stuff a car swag. I know Tyler is always. happy to talk about it and I think

Denis Lelic: We have to do something about it. It's been in our pipeline for long long time and I would just like to see some of the new t-shirts. Sweaters, whatever you guys think would work. 
So if there are any takers out there who want to design some t-shirts or whatever you guys think would help represent the cash and

Denis Lelic: Akash Community feel free to drop your ideas in the Discord or you can of course discuss it now here as well. And last but not least. I'm just gonna mention the Akash website briefly. 
We have a separate meeting happening tomorrow. And yeah Peterson his team are. working on the website

Denis Lelic: We're provided some feedback on the UI stuff. And they're making sure to implement that and to implement some of the stuff Cloud models guys IC Max on this call. So thank you for 
providing some help to pierce. And yeah, they're gonna prove they're gonna put up.

Denis Lelic: Some pages around network activity pricing and they're going to pull that data from cloud nose, which is great. Yeah, anything else you guys want to discuss feel free to speak?

Denis Lelic: I just covered briefly couple of items. I had on my list. So of course you can add yours. And these meetings are always up for discussion. Whatever the second guys think. We should need. 
Please let me know I'm happy to discuss new ideas new things. So.

Denis Lelic: Yeah Zach.

Zach Horn: Let's touch base on your first point for a little bit because I think the video series idea is obviously something that we've needed forever. And now, 
I know Max's on this call now that we're moving forward with Cloud most of the primary deploy tool. I think it'd be a great idea to do some videos that showcase the deployment workflow was specifically with Cloud modes. 
how did you see that the series being positioned? Is it basic series, get A series with I don't know call it. Five to ten videos or so that go through all the different processes at separate videos or a full get started guy. 
That's 20 or 30 minutes long what you think?

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: I was thinking more like a short videos. just a couple of minutes long for signing up your wallet where to get akt how to get it and connecting your wallet in 
Cloud mode and maybe creating your first deployment on just basically selecting one of the templates and that would be it for the first couple of videos basic stuff short.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, I'm Max I see you have to leave and your hands up so.

Max: Yeah, just a quick comment about the videos. I think it's an amazing idea and on Cardinals. I'm sure you saw it get started section that I did a couple of months ago. 
My first idea intentions to where this could go was to actually include some short form videos to get started. So I think it would be amazing to plug these videos in this section. 
So that new users can just follow along with the videos as well as the text to support.

Denis Lelic: Yeah I mean me and Zach already created some of the tutorials and I think we could just do it again and

Denis Lelic: just do it around cloudmose and yeah, we use the AI voiceover and it worked perfectly, so Yeah Zeke.

Denis Lelic: Yeah agree.

Denis Lelic: Sorry Max. I didn't get that the new GPT functions.

Max: They released yesterday or the day before for transcribing and commenting on videos and stuff. But that's what you're raising.

Denis Lelic: yeah, we actually use 11 labs. And it's really easy to use great product and you can also train your own voice. So If anyone's interested maybe later on we can. grab, 
I don't know Max's voice for cloud nose or a Greg's Voice maybe Adam's voice. He has a radio voice.

Zach Horn: it's surprising how well the 11 laps Voice works. it's really fluent. It gets the Cadence down almost perfectly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. It used to be awkward. But now I think it's for stuff like this for tutorials, it's great.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely.

Denis Lelic: Okay, Zach me and you can of course. Talk About it. If you have any ideas, let know. I scribbled some of the ideas I can share them with Of course.

Denis Lelic: But yeah, I'll also share them in the Discord. and if anyone of course has any ideas drop them there, I'll make sure we discussed and tried and stuff like that. So.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that sounds good. let's set face offline and we can get going on that. I'd be curious if Here on this call or elsewhere in the community has 
things that they definitely want to see as part of the light get started process. I mean we can talk about them on this call or people can drop them in the chat or on Discord, 
but definitely feel free to do that anybody. but otherwise, yeah, let's just touch base online and we can get going on some of the ones we know we want.

Denis Lelic: cool Okay, the next item would be. swag Tyler you have any ideas

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: No, I'd like the idea that Ben put in the chat about embroidery. I just would like if more people could throw ideas in the Sig design jet one thing that I want to 
do a much better job of in 2024 is if individuals like insiders or other folks are going to specific events. Instead of getting them Swag six days before that event. 
I just want to be as an example Max is going to be going to three events in 2024. I would like to send them a care package in January. So he has a bunch of product that he could take with 
them and he's not waiting to the last minute. So that's something that I want to do a better job up and I want to rely on the Insiders. Even if it's not in Akash.

Tyler Wright: Thanksgiving event, you're like any member here in this call is like hey, I have a free weekend. into the local then maybe wants to go to an event in his part of the world. 
I would like for the Insiders to have product that they are proud of and excited to wear in a timely fashion. So that's again, we're not like pressing at the last minute people just have 
the product and they're just rocking with pride. So, I don't know if I need more ideas. I know that the store link is now in the footer I believe and it's also If there's anything 
I'm dropping the chat for folks if there's anything that you see in the store.

Zach Horn: One thing that we could think about especially for the Insiders to your point on making sure that everyone's at how fitted is having a basic care package. 
That's Insider specific that has a range of Swag stuff. So it's like you get a couple shirts you get whatever we want to do key chains water bottles, all that stuff, 
but just like a predefined like pack that we can send out to current insiders. But also if anyone's the Insiders, they just automatically get this package, so they're 
immediately outfitted and then we can top people up they need specific swag or we do limited run stuff or whatever. Yeah, Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I like this idea. I also want to say for Tyler the thing he mentioned about the shop. I would like to see how to say the sweatpants as well.

Tyler Wright: Got it. Yeah, you want embroidered sweatshirts and sweatpants with they're just hash mark on them ideally, right?

Benjamin B: I think both of those ideas could be great.

Tyler Wright: Okay. we're not talking about something like

Tyler Wright: gpus are the new oil on our butt right? We're just talking about just basic stuff. That's just

Zach Horn: Or Tyler don't rule that out.

Benjamin B: Yeah, yeah, I agree with something the basic stuff like the logo or something else.

Denis Lelic: people

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Go ahead Zeke.

Zeke E: Yeah, I think another thing if you were to send insiders care package, I mean it's free marketing at the end of the day, because if I get a cost or I'm gonna wear all over the place and I'll have people ask me about it. So

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Absolutely.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely agree.

Denis Lelic: That could be a welcome package some of the companies use when they get new employees.

Zach Horn: Totally. Yeah, I think that'd be a really nice thing. it's an extra perk for the Insiders, because I've had them as this whole process that he runs 
people through and when they join but you finally get accepted and it's like you're an Insider now and you get this care package that all this cos swag that I think that'd be great. Yeah, Benjamin.

Benjamin B: Yeah, this is a new topic. I just wanted to say that I wrote the message in the secret Design Channel on Discord. I'm not the best at designing things. 
So I believe that someone else should be in place for that. But I would be able to create at least prototypes for how they would look in real life or maybe even 
create merch if there is an event I could create some at home. with my Grandma's old sewing machine with an embroidery feature and bring them with me.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, why not?

Tyler Wright: I like the premise of that idea. I don't know if I want Benjamin who could be spending his time optimizing sdl documentation, but now he's with his 
grandma and saw her with his grandma's sewing machine in China like making a cash logo, we can optimize that for you. But I love the idea of if you have any references 
then you have to be a car. So if you see an article of clothing from another company, I really like this. I wish I had a version of that throw that in Discord and then 
we can start to take these ideas and Denis can very quickly take the logo or the Mark or any of the marks and we can just Mark something up talk about it async and sync design and go from there. Go ahead then.

00:15:00

Benjamin B: Yeah, I agree letting our company do everything with the printing but I just wanted to say that for prototypes and to see how something would look in real life. 
I could create some prototypes. It wouldn't take that much time because the sewing machine has this feature it's a computer program that does it. And my family has wanted to try get it up and running again. So it would not be an issue for us.

Tyler Wright: amazing on that topic while we're here and this will be filled out more but I think you all heard in steering committee. there's a board being created that's going to have a number of

Tyler Wright: Public facing initiatives that are marketing Focus. So whether it be community and marketing folks. So whether it be like the edu program some of the swag stuff 
as we start to develop some of these ideas we can throw them on the board and distract them during the steering committee on top of that. I just put a link to the marketing 
repo inside the Akash Network organization. Basically how we want to use that is able to drop in issues if anybody wants to put an issue in there. And again, it'll automatically 
be put on the marketing community board but more specifically if you see any assets, you can already see in that folder where Denis has already dropped in the logos the word 
March the power by a cost where marks we can drop in more marketing assets. So then Benjamin to your point instead of having to design from scratch a

Tyler Wright: Good you dropping in the embroidery program. You can literally just take the logo file and a PNG or in some other file format to just hopefully take it into your 
system and then use it. So again, I just want to make that available to anybody if anybody's doing I know Robert in the past has used some of these assets for a lot of his videos. 
But if anybody wants to create anything, whether it be merge videos other forms of content, feel free to use that marketing folder that marketing repo rather to find your assets. 
And again, if there's anything that's missing we can make sure to get those assets added to that marketing repo in the Akash Network organization.

Zach Horn: Hey Ty we can touch base on this offline, but who's our current? Provider for the store who does our merch?

Tyler Wright: Are yeah, we talked. This is actually something we use a company called printful. They do on demand printing.

Zach Horn: 

Tyler Wright: So basically we don't have to get a hundred units orâ€¦

Zach Horn: right

Tyler Wright: something. They have an entire store. I can drop it in here for folks. But any of the blanks in here we can customize and if anybody has any idea I really like this heavy sweatpant. 
Then we can just talk about that again async and chat and then we can design a mock up and what the company does is somebody orders it they just print to order and they'll send that product out so we don't have to manage any inventory.

Tyler Wright: And then one thing I'll just say for clarification sake and I guess that clarification shape because it should be blatantly obvious. The store is designed to be I think a Zeke said it perfectly a marketing resource, right? 
We want people like the Insiders and vanguards to receive product that they want to buy any product on their own. They're feel free. If anybody from the community wants to buy any product. Feel free. We are Akash nor overclock is 
looking to make a sent off of this is everything is at Cost all the extra dollars don't back into The ecosystem for whether it be for insiders or whatever. So again, all the product is sold as close to that cost as possible not 
trying to be a retail business. Just want to make everyone aware that.

Zach Horn: Is there a way to set up the shop such that we can have multiple suppliers. I know Drop Shipping is probably where we want to stay for now just to your point like ease of inventory management, 
but let's say we wanted to do a limited run of something on a more premium. Supplier can we have both of those routes to the same store? Do we run into backend issues with that?

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: No, no we can so basically the store is still up to Shopify.

Zach Horn: but

Tyler Wright: We can add any product that to your point Zach if we order 50 of a notebook we can have those 50 notebooks available and sell them to the store. The only issue comes in to we need to have to 
have a third party fulfillment center that's going to fulfill the orders via Shopify orâ€¦

Zach Horn: right

Tyler Wright: somebody whether it be from the community or from the overclock Labs team is going to have to manage that inventory and then fulfill the orders manually that's only pick up. But again, it's still very doable.

Zach Horn: Yeah might be worth pursuing what a 3pl Arrangement would look like I mean, maybe it's prohibitively expensive. Maybe it's not but might be worth it chatting that offline.

Tyler Wright: Would love to hear just let me know.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead.

Benjamin B: I just wanted to say here that one thing we could improve upon as well is trying to have multiple different print of demand companies working so in the past when I 
received some merch during Christmas from Adam and so on it took almost a month to get it. I don't think it was Christmas anymore. So if it would be possible to have instead of 
only in North America, which I assume it was shipped from

Tyler Wright: I think that's a great call out. If you see any printful or printify competitors, companies that do demand printing that a European base. I feel like maybe in the 
past I've seen one. But if you see any please let me know. There was a company I found at some point and maybe it's printify or someone similar that basically has a number of 
suppliers all over the world and depending on where you ship from or where you want to get the order shipped to rather. They will use a different manufacturer the problem with 
that is the products could be vastly different, so a printer in North America might have black shirts, but they might be all sold out of black shirts in the European region. And so

Tyler Wright: then you run into issues like that. But again Benjamin if you have the bandwidth and can help find maybe a demand printer in Europe. I would love to learn more 
about it and see if they can support us because I know we have a number of insiders and vanguards in that region.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I will research this and get back to you via DMs.

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, one thing I would like to encourage. robbers Arthur George benjamin-- Zeke

Denis Lelic: if you have time just drop a couple of ideas and in the Discord channel, for example, what would be some cool pieces you would be happy about if you get it in a care package for example, or a welcome package. I'm just gonna like

Denis Lelic: scratch a couple of them from the list t-shirt and a sweater. That's something like which is always around so maybe something beyond that. I'll leave it up to you. So if anyone is interested, please drop it in the Discord.

Benjamin B: Robert did sir, Tyler. Did you see what Robert's? wrote in the shop

Tyler Wright: Yes. I'm actually looking at awkward Styles right now Look at their pricing plan. I'm also trying to better understand where they're shipping from. But yes, I am looking at it right now. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I saw Robert also posting some gifts. yeah, why not? It's always a nice way to respond some sometimes on Twitter or Discord or slack just with a gift. So if you have anything cool anything funny? I'm always up for it.

00:25:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, I'm happy that we have A longer discussion around swag it's usually one of the last items in our meetings. So it would be great as an action item to have just a short list of

Denis Lelic: Items, which would be in the care package?

Denis Lelic: Anything else you want to add to this topic? Otherwise, we could use some of the time to cover other stuff as well.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Maybe one last thing around.

Denis Lelic: Swag Arthur and Have you received any of the swag stuff? And how did that when did you waited for a long time? I know you had some T-shirts, but I think you've created those on your own, right?

Denis Lelic: I think George you created some of the t-shirts for one event.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Yeah, maybe that's one of the options as well like just providing brand assets for the

Denis Lelic: for the printers and then we could maybe cover some of the costs that are.

Denis Lelic: created for printing purposes Yeah time.

Tyler Wright: Real quick. This is for the Insiders when you go join The Insider program, I believe Adam does this but Does he asking for your shirt size or your clothing size? I feel like he did at one point. 
I just want to do Zeke. I feel like you are a newer Insider. Did you give your sizes for product?

Zeke E: I don't remember if I did or not, but I haven't received anything if I did.

Tyler Wright: Okay, we'll change that. Go ahead Ben.

Benjamin B: I don't think kills this the first meeting, but then if you mentioned that you're interested in March some I believe it's reached out. two times outside of

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'll talk to Adam about that because they again to Zach's point in many others points. I think it would be great to get the Insiders at least like a starter package 
of stuff that they feel comfortable like taking to events wearing around the neighborhood Etc.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. Tyler you could hook up Zeke and Benjamin with some swag.

Tyler Wright: For sure. We're gonna get them something soon. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: cool

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Denis Lelic: I know website is always an important topic to discuss but We have one meeting happening tomorrow, which is dedicated only for that but if anyone. Wants to share anything 
ask anything and he can't wait until tomorrow. Feel free to speak.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Yeah, so I think we pretty much covered. All of the items I wanted personally. I wanted to talk about the videos and swag.

Denis Lelic: So just looking through the old nodes. we had

Denis Lelic: I see we had Talking about Swag and saying he will provide some of the ideas. Unfortunately, he's not here. but doesn't matter I think we can just start it off but a 
simple item list for the package and I'll make sure we have that thing designed and I know Tyler will be around to help us produce that thing and would be great to have an ice package in new Insiders.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool, Zach you and I can talk about videos offline, of course, but if anyone else is interested in that topic, you can ping me on Discord and I know Robert you're always. 
Interested in producing that kind of content. So just let me know.

Denis Lelic: And we can talk in a separate call. Otherwise if that's everything for today we can wrap it up.

Denis Lelic: Yeah type.

Tyler Wright: Real quick. I know that Zach does a great job of sharing all the high level announcements related to Akash Network amongst many other things that he's doing 
specifically type of funnel and across a number of different things presentation marketing. If has I know Zeke you get involved with the community if anybody here has any 
topics that they maybe think would be good for content in terms of specific things that users are dealing with that could be a video a short form blog maybe something that can throw in.

Tyler Wright: Email newsletter just keep that top of mind. I'm not saying there's a specific action item to anybody needs to do but certainly more support from the community 
on some of these initiatives that again Zach can just really focus on editing and then optimizing his content would be great. So Again, I know the Zach does. s*** ton. 
It's part of my English but Some Community Support on some of these things just like creating again short form videos on specific topics that might be beneficial to the community or might feature a feature being used would always be helpful.

Zach Horn: Yeah, thanks That's the technical term right for my amount of workload.

Tyler Wright: Exactly. That is the super technical place.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I completely agree. I mean just for context for everyone on the call. We're working on a lot of stuff on the back end to essentially service top of funnel for cash. 
So that's deployment things. It's a very technical deployments with AI mostly at the moment but to Tai's Point like if anybody here in the community has things they want to cover or they think should be pieces of content, 
feel free to ping me on any channel or just throw it into one of the public Discord channels to discuss and definitely I will keep an eye on that because it's definitely an important part of our content strategy 
at my attention goes a lot of different ways. So if there's anything that anyone feels like should be content. Just let me know.

Denis Lelic: sounds good.

Zach Horn: Or exactly that's right.

Denis Lelic: Yeah as Robert would call you.

Zach Horn: Yes, that's right.

Denis Lelic: Okay, So thanks everyone for participating today. We'll talk in Discord and if your guy guys are available tomorrow, 
you're welcome to join the meeting for working group Akash website and we'll have a Deeper better discussion and everything regarding the website. We just briefly touched it today. So you're welcome to join.

Tyler Wright: Yes, please do join.

Denis Lelic: you next month.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, Please do join those website calls because we're getting down to the wire. I know that a number of people have been joining consistently, 
but I just want more people from the community to see all the work that has been done by Peterson's team. But also by Zach working on content Denis working on design Robert, giving ideas. 
So it's been really a community effort and as we get closer to picking this thing live, I just want to get more eyes on it, so feel free to join tell your friends trying to make it a 
good time so that everybody from around the world can go but yeah, please feel free to join if you can. Thank you, Robert.

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Thank you type. bye guys

Tyler Wright: All Have a great day. All right.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:36:27 ðŸ‘‹
