# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda
- Swag/Merchandise Concepts.
- Design style and elements.
- Landing page design.

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, December 13, 2023
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://une76rieq3cvbtrnjv3gxaw6kbxaay3tnzqsangya2lfe6ionpva.arweave.net/o0n_RQSGxVDOLU12a4LeUG4AY3NuYSA02AaWUnkOa-o)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

# Meeting Notes
### Introduction
- Tyler acknowledges Denis and the contributions of Robert and others to Merchandise Design Concepts in Discord.
- Hands over to Denis to commence the final Sig Design meeting of 2023.
- Denis recaps the year, highlighting the substantial focus on website redesign and expressing optimism for diversifying design efforts in the coming year.
- Emphasis on shifting attention to more video content, particularly short tutorials, with community members showing interest in contributing to video documentation.
- Denis envisions the creation of video content as a valuable way to communicate with the community, especially for those who prefer learning through videos.
- Encourages community members to get involved in transferring documentation into videos.

### Swag Concepts
- Denis mentions the desire to explore new avenues and mentions creating Swag Concepts.
- Expresses gratitude to Robert for sharing ideas on Discord and encourages team and community members to share their favorites.
- Denis expresses gratitude for the ideas shared on Discord.
- Plans to gather feedback on the presented concepts from the community and team members at Overclock.
- Aims to move selected concepts to the Shopify store promptly for wider representation.
- Denis clarifies his perspective on presenting diverse designs, including funky and official styles.
- Expresses a preference for moving away from strictly corporate designs and introducing character and twists while maintaining Akash's brand identity.
- Denis invites interest and feedback from the community and team members on the diverse swag concepts.
- Denis introduces the idea of a monogram of letters, expressing a personal preference for this design.
- Denis concludes the presentation, seeking opinions and favorites from the community for these end-of-year swag concepts.
- Denis expresses the desire to offer a variety of options for different occasions, from clean corporate styles to more creative and flexible designs.
- Zach proposes the idea of having a staple set of corporate-style merchandise always available, with occasional rotations of more creative and limited-edition designs to keep the merch store interesting.
- Denis agrees with the idea of providing a variety of options for different occasions and mentions the potential for team members to wear different swag for a confident and diverse look.

###  Group Feedback on Swag Concepts
- Zach expresses enthusiasm for the diverse designs, appreciating the variety and the flexibility of the brand representation.
- Zach particularly likes the design with the speed element and inquires about the one with the little four-point star.
- Denis identifies the star design and confirms it's towards the beginning.
- Robert also appreciates the designs, expressing interest in the retro ones.
- Zach asks about the timeline for releasing the merchandise, suggesting it's a good time to drop them in the next couple of weeks.
- Denis agrees, mentioning the plan to share all the concepts with the community for feedback before releasing them on Shopify.
- Denis emphasizes the intention to provide a variety of options for the community to choose from.
- Zach supports the idea of experimenting with designs and seeing what resonates, especially considering the current prevalence of corporate designs.
- Denis highlights his research on how established brands experiment with graphics while retaining brand recognition.
- The discussion touches on the retro trend and its potential appeal in conveying a sense of longevity for the brand.

### Robert's Feedback
- Robert expresses love for the retro vibe in the designs and notes the trendiness of retro aesthetics a few months ago.
- He sees the retro style as fitting for Akash, associating it with the project's longstanding success and trustworthiness as an OG project.
- Robert ponders on the possible connection between the retro trend, synthwave music, and the appeal of being crypto-native.
- He appreciates the freshness of the designs and concludes by expressing his approval.
- Denis mentions his research among other web3 projects, highlighting the decision to go beyond simple logo placement and striving for more diverse and appealing swag.
- Denis expresses anticipation for community feedback to shape the final selection of designs.

### Discussions on Logistics and Quality
- Zach raises the question of pursuing embroidered merch, noting the interest from the community, even if it involves increased costs and logistics.
- Tyler provides insights, mentioning the search for a new merch store with a focus on a partner that supports print on demand. He notes that the current partner being considered is printful.
- Tyler confirms that the potential new merch store, Printful, does offer embroidered options.
- Tyler suggests adding custom embroidered patches and incorporating embroidered elements like the Akash logo and wordmark to enhance the quality of the merchandise.
- Zach acknowledges the plan and expresses agreement.

### Discussion on Video Content Plans
- Denis mentions the previous discussion on video content but suggests waiting due to the ongoing Cloud rebranding process and upcoming UI refinements.
- Denis expresses readiness to create deployment videos, product demos, and similar content after the initial wave of rebranding.
- Focus on merch is prioritized as it seems like a more immediate opportunity, especially with the end-of-year timing.
- Zach acknowledges the timing for merch, especially with the holidays approaching.
- Denis teases Zach with a special price for the speed design, to which Zach responds positively.
- Zach shares ongoing discussions with Thompson about creating the first set of videos.
- Uncertainty about whether to wait for more finalized docs or proceed with different tutorial-style videos unrelated to the docs.
- Emphasis on the need for more video content to balance the text-heavy nature of the current documentation.
- Zach notes that Tom might be the first solid contributor for video content.
- Denis inquires about the type of videos Tom plans to produce, particularly regarding voiceovers.
- Zach mentions discussions about using 11 Labs for voiceovers to establish a consistent brand voice and make collaboration with multiple contributors more seamless.

### Discussion on AI Voiceovers and Localization
- Zach highlights the advantages of using 11 Labs for voiceovers, including the ability to establish a consistent brand voice, collaborate with multiple contributors, and potentially localize content into different languages.
- Denis agrees with using 11 Labs for voiceovers, and both express satisfaction with the current quality of AI voiceovers.
- The conversation delves into the transformative capabilities of AI in voiceover, making it a much-improved experience compared to the past.
- Zach mentions the amusing feature of uploading an audio sample to mimic a specific voice, like having tutorials in someone else's voice.
- Denis playfully suggests the possibility of using famous voices like Morgan Freeman or David Attenborough for tutorials.
- Denis looks forward to focusing on content in the next year, especially with wrapping up the website and working on landing pages.
- The discussion implies a shift from comprehensive website review to targeted improvements, allowing the group to allocate resources more effectively.

### Future Focus on Landing Pages
- Denis expresses excitement about having resources to tackle many different tasks in the coming year.
- Zach agrees, mentioning that landing pages have been on the marketing back burner for a while and sees them as a focus for the next year.
- Denis agrees to shift the attention of the working group towards landing pages as soon as the current tasks are completed.
- Denis mentions having some ideas and drafts for landing pages but is willing to wait and discuss the direction to take in the upcoming meetings.
- Zach anticipates using future meetings to finalize the current website.

### Feedback and Incorporation of Designs
- Tyler recommends a specific format for sharing design feedback, suggesting that each design be numbered for easier reference.
- Tyler expresses the desire to discuss incorporating designs into the website and mentions the addition of embroidered items to the store.
- Links related to printful embroidery are shared in the chat.
- Tyler requests design files from Robert to discuss mock-ups and potential additions to the store.
- Robert acknowledges the feedback and mentions having the design files in Canva.
- Tyler encourages Robert to share the design files or mock-ups for discussion and suggests organizing them with numbers or letters for clarity.
- Robert agrees to share the files and confirms his understanding.

### Licensing Concerns
- Denis raises concerns about the use of vector graphics and potential copyright issues.
- Robert clarifies that he uses Canva Pro and pays for a subscription to access assets marked with the pro sign.
- Denis suggests verifying the license to ensure it allows for reselling the assets on Shopify.
- Robert acknowledges the concern and commits to finding out the details about the licensing.

##### Discussion Wrap-up and Future Plans
- Zach mentions that there's nothing super pressing on his plate, mostly focusing on website-related tasks.
- Zach looks forward to 2024 and mentions the anticipation of having merch in the store for social media exposure.
- Denis plans to take some time off next week but will be available during the Christmas holidays and New Year.
- The team expresses availability and commitment to asynchronous communication during the holiday period.
- The meeting is wrapped up, and Tyler expresses appreciation.

## Action Items
- Denis and Robert to review the Canva design files shared by Robert to ensure licensing allows for reselling the assets on Shopify.
- Zach and Thompson to discuss the approach to creating video content for website and docs, considering voiceovers and brand consistency.
- Robert to share design files and mock-ups for his merchandise.
- Denis to share merchandise design with community for feedback.
- Tyler to coordinate with Denis to add embroidered items (hoodie and t-shirt) to the Shopify store.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to the design special interest group monthly meeting number 12. During the Sig design monthly meeting the group goes over anything that's related to Visual Communications. Whether it be video graphic design swag. I've been promotion marketing materials anything Visual and sometimes even high-end marketing assets that have a little bit of copy and that's why we have the copy both Zach that always joins these calls as well. But anything that's really focused around visual communication of Akash.

Tyler Wright: On the Akash brand is discussed during these monthly meetings. The Sig design Discord is also very active where people throw in ideas for various items that are swag related or event related or again, if anybody's doing an in-person event and their local area and it needs design assets the folks at a park at the part of this sig Design Group come together to help deliver the assets that it might need whether it be against swag or event materials. So again, there's usually a great deal of participation from folks with these calls being led by Denis.

Tyler Wright: one of the other action items that came out of Sig design this past year was the working group for the Akash website, which had obviously many design elements on the front end and it on user experience design elements of how things kind of look and feel that working group produced a proposal that went on chain from a team called human HQ that took on the task of revamping the cash website since then that working group has been meeting on a weekly basis to design and migrate many of the assets from the old website to a redesigned much improved experience for an open. Source Akash Network website.

Tyler Wright: That working group is in its final stages of reworking the website. And again, we'll be meeting tomorrow. But again, there's been a lot of work that's been going on around the website. You can see in the project board, which I'll share in the chat here right now. You can track progress with the revamped website and any other design assets that are in the pipeline. So again, if you are interested in any of those things, I'm going to share the community and marketing project board that gets discussed during the steering committee meetings.

Tyler Wright: I know that Denis has some items that he wants to discuss and since the last meeting. I know that Robert and others have put some Design Concepts in Discord so much appreciate the efforts there, but I'll hand it over to Dennis to kick off the last sick design meeting of 2023.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Tyler for covering pretty much the whole year quickly. last meeting happening this year. It's been a fun journey. I think what as you mentioned websites took the most of design resources this year, but moving into the next year.

Denis Lelic: I have a good feeling now. We can focus on other stuff personally. I want to see more video content like shorts tutorials stuff like that. So we have new community members willing to help On the Dark Side meaning

Denis Lelic: transferring some of the talks into videos and just Community communicating that touchpoint and in a different manner since people like to learn in a different way. Hopefully we're going to have some videos soon to cover that part, too. Yeah last meeting we talked about a bunch of stuff.

Denis Lelic: on There's all always videos, but before we close this year. I just wanted to create some of Swag Concepts and share them with team members and community members to see if they have any favorites. I see Robert also dropped some of his ideas in Discord. So, thank you.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: yeah, we'll just grab these ideas and Concepts and share them and see what the community has to say team members from overclock have to say and we'll move some of them to the Shopify store as soon as possible. So everyone can. represent properly So yeah a couple of Concepts today. I wanted to show you guys one sec.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, just to give some clarification. for my perspective. I wanted to present a variety of designs. Some are more funky some are more official but of course community members and team members and whoever have different tastes so

Denis Lelic: my opinion was just like to move a little bit away from the corporate design and Do something a little bit more with a character with a Twist still? preserving Akash as a brand but communicating different characters, so

Denis Lelic: Maybe we just have a look so. we got this illustration kind of like forming a bursting cloud with letters super cloud around so it's kind of like popping out and I think it would look good across a huge print across the back and

Denis Lelic: that's something personally I would wear. so we got another one a little bit of a nod to Cosmos. So we have this kind of floating elements like a Galaxy and Akash, of course, all of these Graphics can be applied to different touch points t-shirts hoodies.

Denis Lelic: Bags hats whatever. Then we have an illustrated Akash sign. Breaking out a little bit from the corporate side. And just providing a little bit of Illustrated details. Then we have something complete completely different and it's kind of related to Cloud. So we have these letters kind of bubbling. And yeah, this one is quite different from the rest of the stuff. We usually see but I feel then we have a cash erythro version of Akash something we can often see in VHS tapes and something like that. So

Denis Lelic: Anyone interested or some? retro related stuff they can opt in for this one.

Denis Lelic: Then we got some akt I had this idea for a while. I don't know maybe a year to do a monogram of letters again something I would wear.

Denis Lelic: I hope I didn't do too much of the designs I would wear. but I guess it's the easiest way for designers to do something like do what you want to wear. But of course I concerned many tastes. So yeah, I get in different color. Maybe on a hat red hat. Then we have some.

Denis Lelic: I don't know what to call it, but it's kind of like a mix of retro and Cosmos. then we have this. Akash sign but transformed in some sort of cloud a design. We already had in white, but I felt like we can just play around with it and add a little bit of Dimension to it. So the cloud feels a bit more real. And then again concept like the previous one the Bubby one where?

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: We have a bigger sign which says Akash Network supercloud. Then we have this one.

Denis Lelic: akt here on the shirt in a bigger size and a little bit of messaging around and all of these designs can be like We cannot adapt them To a certain touchpoint and we can also quickly change whatever it's written on it. Then we have a bursting Cloud distorting this typography. Which is forming this kind of like a warping effect.

Denis Lelic: another one Triple A

Denis Lelic: and we have the cloud in white version. And a little bit of formal corporate stuff Akash Network superclub the side could be applied to t-shirt or whatever.

Denis Lelic: And then we have this one. 3D sign with some clouds floating around

Denis Lelic: and again this was kind of like I was trying to clients for some of the lightness and the speed and the super cloud and try to just see how it looks I have feeling like I still have to work on it a little bit to capture that.

Denis Lelic: the story of speed but yeah, I think for now it conveys the idea that needs a little bit more work. Yeah, so that's it for

Denis Lelic: dropping some swag for the end of the year. What do you guys think? any favorites

Zach Horn: You really? I love it's all over the place. But in a good way, I think mean. it's good to flex the brand a little bit and throw stuff out there. I like the one you're on now. I like the one I think is last the one with the speed element. Yeah. A lot. What was the one with the little four-point star in the corner?

Denis Lelic: or point star

Zach Horn: Yeah, it's a little tiny is towards the beginning. Yeah.

Robert Del Rey: What the third or fourth the slide?

Robert Del Rey: Before not that right?

Zach Horn: I like that one a lot. They're all kind of retro in I mean. But I don't think that's a bad thing. it's interesting. I feel like a lot of this is up ties alley, too. What do you think that?

Zach Horn: But no thoughts.

Zach Horn: What are you thinking to drop these before the end of the year in the next couple weeks?

Denis Lelic: yeah, I think it's the best time to drop some merch we can just shared all the concepts with the community to seeâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: what are they thoughts but personally I would just try andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: drop them in the Shopify and see what people would actually By prefer or whatever. I know we don't rely too much on people getting merch but I really tried

Denis Lelic: to do a bunch of them that are still kind of like there's a variety of them so people can actually choose from but Yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I would just try to see what happens.

Zach Horn: totally I like that too. it's just throw stuff out there and see what resonates because I do agree. We have lots of very corporate designs. Currently. We kind of always have so It could be nice to throw some things at the wall and â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean I did a little bit of researchâ€¦

Zach Horn: what sticks.

Denis Lelic: because I wanted to stay on the brand for example, Nike and all these different brands. They always experiment with Graphics, but they still use some of the brand aspects.

00:15:00

Zach Horn: 

Denis Lelic: So not the users but potential buyers and buyers

Denis Lelic: are still recognizing that that's the brand and regarding the Retro thing.

Zach Horn: totally

Denis Lelic: I don't know. I think maybe it was trending for a while. And I just tried to capture some of that.

Denis Lelic: and for example,â€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely.

Denis Lelic: it brings another aspect to the brand which is like hey, we've been around for a while

Zach Horn: Yeah, yeah.

Denis Lelic: we're from the Super cloud from the 80s.

Denis Lelic: 

Zach Horn: It's funny. You just said the 80s and I was about to say 20 years ago. Which how often do you do that? Not 20 years ago 43 years ago orâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah. man Yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: almost 44 years ago. That's crazy.

Denis Lelic: when I say 80 is always think 20 years ago. done mention that again.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Zach Horn: Really?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Robert, think sorry I saw Robert hands went up.

Zach Horn: No, no.

Denis Lelic: You wanted to say something.

Robert Del Rey: Yes real quickly that I love the Retro bike that all these designs are given and what I wanted to say was in accordance to what we're just saying, it's not that retro was trendy but I do feel like it was brandy a few months ago same goes with synthwave music. I mean here into that listening to that a lot recently, but also I believe this is a Sign for a cash a success. Run for a while, right? It's an OG project. People can trust in the project more because of that.

Robert Del Rey: so much man, but what I really wanted to say was

Robert Del Rey: also, I don't know if there is a relation between synth wave retro nostalgic and being like crypto native or

Robert Del Rey: Initially when you see how blocks used to look like a few years ago how web page used to look a few years ago. And when you come across a modern page that has that all feeling but it's modern you like that and at the same time you're kind of nostalgic on how things were in the old days. I don't know if that made sense at all. But I did like the Retro style at all. I do think that it suits a cash perfectly for what we are as a project in and where we stand and that Taking it it's super freshman. Those designs are Super Fresh. I'm gonna leave it there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I was doing a little bit of research among other projects like web 3 projects. They're pretty much like,

Denis Lelic: Taking the easy way, which means hey portal logo on it bigger. and get of course it's easier to produce but I just felt like we should do more and do better and we'll see what community and actually people have to say what do they prefer? and we'll take it from them and try to

Denis Lelic: do some cool swag stuff.

Zach Horn: Totally one thought is you should Loop out of Bosnia on this. I know he has strong feelings about merch in general. I'm sure he would love these but definitely make sure to run these by him. I'm sure he'd love to be a part of us. I like the idea maybe for the merch store of having a staple set it kind of like we do now very corporate clean style March that's always available and then over time rotating some of these more creative ideas and that kind of flex the brand a little bit. So you can always go in and buy the logo tease and the Very clean corporate stuff. But then also I don't know if they would literally be limited edition or we just have a kind of rotating stable of some of these ideas that we refresh every once in a while.

00:20:00

Zach Horn: But I do like that mix as well where it gives people a reason to go in and check the merch store, but you always have the clean corporate stuff available, if you want something in that direction.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. Yeah, we can always offer I prefer to have a variety of options.

Denis Lelic: so, when you dress up there different occasions, maybe sometimes you need just a logo and Some award Mark next to it and for other occasions we can just go like crazy. and in case I'm of some sort of confidence orâ€¦

Zach Horn: totally

Denis Lelic: something, we can have team members wearing different swag we can do some flexing.

Zach Horn: definitely Here's a question on the logistics of the merch at I may not be available.

Denis Lelic: but

Zach Horn: But if you are I'd be curious. I know we're looking for a new merch store and the bottleneck is always been that we were Drop Shipping right now. So we don't have a ton of control over what gets shipped but I've heard a bunch of people ask for embroidered merch I know it's a big step up in terms of cost and Logistics and all that. But is that something we want to pursue as well? I've seen that on social a bunch people asking for even just a simple embroidered Akash logo tea just something a little like, bump up in quality.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think that's something we can certainly do. What we're looking for is not even like it is Dropship, but the other component that we're trying to find is Print on demand. So something where you don't have to keep a bunch of units that you have an inventory and then ship out. It's just like as people order you have a partner that's making those one by one. I believe the partner that we're currently using is printful andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Mm-hmm

Tyler Wright: I'm looking at their inventory right now. I believe they have embroidered options. that we could have custom embroidered patches and we can add embroidered elements. So that's something that we should happen to action item to make sure we add to the store from a quality perspective. Obviously, we only have the quality of blanks that the company has but they have different scales. and again, the link is printful.com for the inventory and I'll share that in the chat for folks but don't answer as I believe we have the ability to add embroidery. So we should do that with the Akash logo, maybe the word Mark and add that to the store as soon as possible.

Zach Horn: So sounds good.

Denis Lelic: yeah, the other thing was we discussed in our previous meeting was. a video content, but that's something I just wanted to wait on a little bit because of the Cloud models going through this process of rebranding and stuff and they're gonna do some UI refinements So whatever we would produce now would seem outdated in two three months. So I would personally rather prefer. We wait at least for the first wave rebranding process and yeah, I'm up for doing some deployment videos.

Denis Lelic: Product demos and stuff like that. So yeah, that's why I kind of focus on the merch for now because it's just seems like a lower hanging fruit at the moment. and it's the perfect time for some merch so, end of the year.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely right in time for the holidays. I am I don'tâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: how much I can put on the right.

Denis Lelic: Sorry. Sorry Zach.

Zach Horn: Yeah, go ahead. Sure.

Denis Lelic: I got a special price for you.

Zach Horn: What you got?

Denis Lelic: Pick one pick one. I got a special price for you. I'm kidding.

Zach Horn: yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go on you wanted to say something about the videos.

Zach Horn: Yeah, if I get one of these I want the speed one. I like that one.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I don't know how much I could put on the record right now because we're still discussing it Tom Thompson over. a proposal to do is first set of videos that I was literally this morning, so I haven't had a chance to review but What we've been discussing and we can save this for the website meeting, tomorrow is basically exactly what you're saying, which is if the docs are being redone right now. he's ready to get going but it's like do we wait until the dogs are a little more finalized for him to go through and create this dog's content, but he's ready to start making videos. So either depending on what comes out of working the website working group tomorrow. He may start on the docs content or we could do a different set of tutorial Style videos or just walk throughs that are necessarily related to the docs.

00:25:00

Zach Horn: So'm with I'm totally aligned that we need more video content and shorts and all that. We're very text heavy right now, and we need consonant across the board. I think Tom's going to be our first really solid contributor for this. So I'll keep you guys posted with what that Bounty looks like as it comes together, but I'm completely with you that we need more video.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. agree did he mention what kind of videos he would produce probably Just recording his screen and doing the voiceover or would he prefer some AI voice over or something?

Zach Horn: 

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's what we were chatting about the other day. So what I pitched to him was that for the doc's content we would want to use 11 laps. So we have a brand voice. That way it gives us a couple things one it lets us establish a brand voice. So it's consistent of anybody comes to the site. They have this voice and tone that they come to expect the second is it lets us work with multiple contributors at the same time. So we get multiple people producing videos and they can just go into 11 Labs use the same voice and then it all sounds the same as opposed to having lots of different individuals. if somebody's going through the website, they're reading the content. That's like they're just a few Hearts from Thai. he may agree with that. I can't tell but he

Zach Horn: the other thing it gets us is the ability to localize into different languages, which you kind of always needed, but it's just been like Ultra bandwidth constraint. What we could do if we use 11 Labs is do a first set of videos and then pretty easily trans them. We may have to go through and adjust the timing which could be tricky because we'd have to use, AI to translate it and then translate it back to know what we're saying What time That's on my mind currently. So I think we get Tom started on this first set of videos using 11 labs for the docs. And then we have all these options going forward. We can Loop in other contributors. We can do some localization all that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. I would do the same thing Just using 11 laps and doing a voiceover with that thing. It just feels like a better idea to pursue.

Zach Horn: Yeah, totally and it's getting so good right now for a while it wasn't all the way there. But I mean even as recently the AI voiceover, especially 11 Labs is really really good. It sounds so natural.

Denis Lelic: Yeah just remembering those audio books. It used to be a horrible thing. And now it's something you actually listen to.

Zach Horn: totally

Denis Lelic: And we're just getting started.

Zach Horn: Yeah, definitely. it's kind of a funny thing that's been on the table for a while with 11 Labs. You can upload an audio sample, this Denis but for everyone else you can upload an audio sample and it will let you do AI voiceovers in somebody's voice. So literally we could upload Greg's voice and have all the tutorials be Greg, which is crazy.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah, that's true or Morgan Freeman.

Zach Horn: Yeah. That's true. Yes, David, Attenborough.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. exactly

Denis Lelic: Yeah, but I guess that's one thing we can focus on in the next year. So content. We're wrapping up the website. I'm sure there's going to be a lot of website related stuff as well, but not

Denis Lelic: In the manner, which is dead going through the whole thing and making sure. The content is there the design assets are there. But yeah, we're probably just gonna work on some of the landing pages and stuff like that. So hopefully we're gonna find more resources to do.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: many different things so looking forward to it.

Zach Horn: Yeah. Same the landing pages has been on the marketing back burner for a long time. We do need a bunch of landing pages for all kinds of things. So that's something I'd like to focus on next year as well.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean as soon as we're finished we can focus and shift the attention in the working group. Towards landing pages. I'm all in.

Zach Horn: totally could be a good thing for psion as team to work on as well because there's so many landing pages that we can do for all kinds of stuff.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah. I had some ideas and some drafts, but I'm gonna rather wait to see which direction we're going to take. So we can discuss that probably next year. I'm sure we're going to use all of these meetings just to finalize the website we have at the moment, Hey Ty. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Hey, I know and we've just talked about it. I know that Robert had shared some designs. Also Robert did those s design files one thing that I'm going to recommend and I'll talk to Dennis about this but he comes from the Consulting world if we're going to put anything in chat for people to respond to if we want feedback especially for anything design related if we could put in a format like this where each design is numbered so that people know what their referencing because I think people can get confused on how to get feedback if they're just trying to reference different pictures that are all in a group and it's a bit difficult to doing Discord, but I was wondering if you have design files for some of those because I want to talk about it how we can incorporate them into the

Tyler Wright: Website then again. I threw some links in the chat one is a printful embroidery link so we can do some embroidery. So I will get with Denis to make sure we add some embroidered at least a hoodie and a t-shirt. I know that Greg has talked about in the Gildan quality stuff. So we'll look at a guilted shirt up there and some other things and those Zach's just put the chat hoodie would be perfect. So we'll do that. For sure and a couple of different colors, but I would also like to see Robert you can share some of the design files so we can see it down like mocking them up and also adding them to the store. And then at the top of the year I know we talked about a little bit inside our office hours as well as the community. I think Robert was doing a great job of thinking about

Tyler Wright: a Insider onboarding kit which we were talking about in a previous Sig design meeting we could talk about what that kind of looks like in the future what those items may be. I'm not someone might get so I'm about just looking for the design files to start and then Robert just a suggestion to optimize the process by just creating a simple slide deck or some deliverable that has a number for or even if you drop it in as images here just number each or letter each image so that people can respond specifically to something.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, though. That's a great feedback man a spot on.

Robert Del Rey: And about the design files I have them in kamba. Is it okay if I share the link with you or you want me to do something like Denis have on display installation

Tyler Wright: I saw the canva link if you could take each of the designs files not So an images you shared you have a mock-up in there, but if you could share the design file. and you got the heaven Gates one. If there's a design file that's Incorporated with that. to share at the PNG something.

Robert Del Rey: Okay, guys.

Robert Del Rey: Sure.

Tyler Wright: I think okay, beautiful.

Robert Del Rey: We'll do and set it over.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, one thing I wanted to mention. Robert or sorry you use some of

Denis Lelic: superhero vector graphics have you used any?

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: on our image Banks or Something we would have to make sure we don't. mess up with the copyrights and just in case we have to buy some of these Vector assets in case they go to production.

Robert Del Rey: Sure, all of them I get in from kamba Pro. I pay for a subscription and use those assets. They are marked with the pro sign so I believe that should be enough.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'm gonna have a look just to see.

Denis Lelic: If the license is allowing us to resell it because it's going to be on Shopify. So just to make sure those assets are available for reselling. Just something to be aware of so.

Robert Del Rey: Okay. That's the licensing you're referring to got it. Okay, I believe there should be a way that I can find that out andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Robert Del Rey: maybe you can find out let me know also, yeah so that there is what one license to use the stuff in your designs, But there is another licensed in case you want to sell them. So that is the one that you are more concerned about right then.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, exactly.

Robert Del Rey: It's Got it. Okay. I will find out the let know, no worries.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. anything else you guys wanted to discuss? It's the last meeting. so take advantage of the Sig design while you can. Holidays are coming.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's right.

Denis Lelic: If anyone needs anything. is the time.

Zach Horn: I don't think there's anything super pressing on my plate. It's mostly just website stuff. I think at this point because that's once we get the website ironed out the docs, we can get some of the website ors or the content contributors as I started. there that's mostly it on my side. Once we start having this merch in the store. We can get some eyes on it through social as well. Which could be good? But that's it for me.

Zach Horn: Looking forward to next year, I guess 2024.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'll be taking some time off next week, but I'll probably be available throughout. Christmas holidays New Years so if anything pops up I'll be happy to help.

Zach Horn: Yeah I'll be async but I'll be checking messages. So I'll be around.

Denis Lelic: cool Okay.

Denis Lelic: we can talk on Discord and Slack whatever, but we can wrap it up for today if you guys think we covered. All the stuff we had in plan we discuss.

Tyler Wright: awesome

Denis Lelic: I'm going to drop these merge swag designs and sick design. maybe insiders as well and

Denis Lelic: Yeah, looking forward to see some feed some of the feedback from community members.

Denis Lelic: You next year.

Tyler Wright: I could.

Denis Lelic: Thank you everyone for joining Robert George Zach Thai Happy New Year.

Tyler Wright: Happy New Year. Looking forward to more contributions in the New Year exciting stuff.

Denis Lelic: cool

Robert Del Rey: Up in a year Denis.

Zach Horn: Same here. Thanks guys.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you, man.

Denis Lelic: Thank Have a good day, bye-bye.

Zach Horn: Take care guys.

Meeting ended after 00:39:28 ðŸ‘‹

