# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda
- Review the swag designs that were voted on Discord and decide which ones to move to the next round.
- Discussions on creating video Tutorials/Content.
- Landing page design.
- Discussions on Akash Swag shop

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, January 10, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://zao4urnjuqb6ncx2vacwjuqiyqnucl2ifcfm33blijhw6v6owzla.arweave.net/yB3KRamkA-aK-qgFZNIIxBtBL0gois3sK0JPb1fOtlY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Alani Kuye
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
### Discussions on Swag Designs
- Denis  shared the screen and showed the results of the votes. 
- The most popular design was the exploding cloud with 11 votes, followed by the last one with 10 votes.
- Denis asked what would be the minimum number of votes to qualify a design for the next round, which would involve preparing the print files and setting up the mockups in the Shopify store.
- Denis suggested five votes as a reasonable threshold.
- Tyler and Zach  agreed with the five-vote criterion. 
- Denis Lelic said he would make another list of the designs that passed the votes. He said there were eight designs that met the requirement.
- Zach said that these eight designs would be in addition to the standard ones that they already have, which are more corporate and simple.
### Discussions on Akash Swag shop
- Tyler added some information about the shop. He said that with the new website, the shop would be more visible and accessible. 
- Tyley also said that they had worked with printful to ensure faster and better delivery of the products. 
- Tyler said that they use a third-party print-on-demand provider and do not aim to make any profit from the products, but just to cover the costs and get them out to the people.
- Tyler also said that they are looking for someone from the community who has a design eye and a passion for design to help with creating the designs and adding them to the store. 
- He said that Denis Lelic had done a great job of mocking things up and creating the designs, but he was also working on other design deliverables. 
- He invited anyone who wanted to get more involved on the design side to join them.
- Denis Lelic agreed and said that he would share all the things that Tyler Wright mentioned in the Discord. 
- Denis said that maybe there were some takers who were willing to play around with the designs.

### Discussions on Creating Video Tutorials/Content
- Denis expressed his personal goal and interest in making tutorials and learning materials for new users. 
- Denis  also mentioned that he would reach out to Robert, who already did some video content.
- Zach  suggested that he and Denis should collaborate on making a couple of videos as a style guide and a way to show the community how they want things to be done. 
- Zach also proposed to start with a list of video content ideas and share it on the Sig Design Channel.
- Denis agreed with Zach Hornâ€™s suggestion and emphasized the importance of having a list to keep the momentum going.
- Tyler Wright added that the Sig Design is overseeing the working group for the Akash website, which would have a specific area for community contributions. 
- Tyler mentioned the expansion of the YouTube strategy in 2024 and how the outlined video criteria by Denis and Zach could also be added to YouTube as formal videos.

### Design Contributions and Community Involvement
- Denis read a message from B's, who is involved with Netta Dao and Juno Charter, and who wants to increase their understanding of Akash apps and governance proposals.
- Denis explained that the Akash website is undergoing a revamp and that they merged some external pages into one domain and one website.
- Provided a [link](https://akash.hooman.digital/) from HumanHQ, a team working on the revamp for the website.
- Encouraged everyone to click on the link, review the proposal, and share feedback in the working group account on Discord.
- Tyler invited B's, a new attendee, to get more involved in the Akash community and share their skills and interests.
- Denis Lelic offered to discuss design-related opportunities with B's and asked them to DM him on Discord or post on the sig Design Channel.
- Denis  gave an update on the current projects, such as updating the Akash website and redesigning Cloudmos.
- Denis  expressed his wish to find someone who can contribute consistently and part-time on various design tasks and invited anyone interested to let him know.

### Other matters discussed 
- Tyler  congratulated Zach Horn and the rest of the team for reaching 100,000 followers on Twitter and praised their improvement on messaging and voice.
#### Access to old Akash Forum.
- Alani Kuye asked about the availability of the old videos from the accelerator grant program at Akash that they wanted to use as a template for a cosmos chain project
- Tyler said he would try to find a way to access the old forum where the videos were posted and share it with Alani Kuye
- Alani Kuye praised the work done by Akash and said that many chains wanted to emulate their success
- Tyler acknowledged Alani Kuyeâ€™s contribution to Akash and said he would put a message somewhere publicly or share with him the link to the old forum

## Action Items
- Denis Lelic to make a list of the eight designs that passed the votes and share it with the group.
- Denis Lelic to share the information about the shop updates and the request for help from the community in the Discord channel.
- Denis Lelic and Zach Horn to collaborate on making a couple of videos as a style guide and a way to show the community how they want things to be done
- Tyler Wright to monitor the delivery process with printful and ensure the quality and speed of the products.
- Anyone interested in helping with the design creation and addition to the store to contact Denis Lelic or Tyler Wright.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody, and welcome to today's Sig design meeting. first one in 2024 we ended up. Last sick design with some swag stuff and I was just thinking if we could revive that topic a little bit. And have a look at the votes that posted in a Discord and just one second. I want to share my screen.

Denis Lelic: So surprisingly this one has the most 11 Volts for this one exploding cloud. And the second one would be the last one. It has 10 votes. So this is the third one number two nine votes. and then some of them only have a one vote or zero votes, so

Denis Lelic: Yeah for me personally. I was just wondering which of these design should we take to the next round which would be preparing the print files and setting up all the mockups and everything in our store

Denis Lelic: And what would be that the bar where we let the swag items into the store. So what's the minimum amount of votes to pass that line, so Designs could be transferred to the Shopify store.

Denis Lelic: on five Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I mean that's like a reasonable number, the man and the max votes or one design were 11. so that's like half Let's say almost half.

Denis Lelic: so I'm just gonna make another listâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: where we include only the designs that passed the votes Yeah Zach.

Zach Horn: How many designs fall into that category that have more than five?

Denis Lelic: I think eight. Which is a good number.

Zach Horn: Okay.

Zach Horn: Yeah, totally. And these would be in addition to the kind of standard ones that we have. Right? So we have all the kind of clean simple corporate style logo ones. And then these eight would be added that. cool

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I would say so we have something a bit more corporate and safe. But we can also have something a bit more playful and these designs fall in that category of the playful one. So

Zach Horn: Yeah, totally. Yeah, there's tons of brands that do that they're very straightforward corporate stuff and then they play around with the brand a little bit experiment.

Denis Lelic: yeah, go ahead type.

Tyler Wright: Just one thing to add on the shop. I know that with the new website the shop will be more readily available and visible. Another thing that we've done Corey and over last week is really set down with printful and made sure that they're delivering the product on time and very quickly making sure that thing orders are going from Shopify to printful very quickly again. We are a

Tyler Wright: overclock and Akash is a web 3 tech company. We're not a retail company. So we use a third party print on demand provider and really do not look to make any money off of any product sold just like to sell on their costs to get them out to people in the world. So again, the products should be arriving faster than it has in the past and we got some styles that we should be using so that again product don't run that as quickly and then in addition. This is a role that we could potentially put some down to behind small bounty. We are looking for somebody that can help and has a design eye and a passion for design that can help design some of these Styles. I know Denis is a great job of mocking things up and creating the designs. Obviously, we're looking for other members of the community to help with that but once Denis finishes up the MOX, I mean move on to next

00:05:00

Tyler Wright: Each of creating these designs and adding them to the store certainly could use somebody from the community because I know denis' working on a number of design deliverables. So I just want to put that out there to anybody on this call that maybe want to get more involved on the design side. Here's a way to do it.

Denis Lelic: Yep, I agree. So I'm also going to share All the things you've mentioned in the Discord. So maybe there are some takers who are willing to play around with this and

Denis Lelic: So we may get alive, we don't leave it on a paper. Hopefully we're going to see some of these designs represented. I don't know on conferences. How far that maybe even in the streets.

Denis Lelic: the next topic and also something we left.

Denis Lelic: and the previous year we just mentioned it in the last meeting and hopefully this year we're gonna make a better progress creating video content meaning tutorials.

Denis Lelic: something Ray already did actually Robert

Denis Lelic: So personally I would like to be involved in that too and makes some of the tutorials for either. Akash in general or just providing tutorials for cloud nose console Trader stuff like that so we can onboard new users provide some learning materials and stuff like that. So that's one of my personal

Denis Lelic: goals and also part of the Sig design so I'm gonna reach out to Robert to see if he needs any help if he has any ideas.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, that's about it from my side agenda for 2024. Of course next to the bunch of other stuff. We have in the making of, just from the website and product and everything in between. Yeah Zach.

Zach Horn: to the point of video content As a suggestion what if you and I put together a video or two and really just do it exactly how we want for a couple reasons one because we can really obsess about it and use it all almost as a style guide and we can also decide we can knock off some of the early easy lowest hanging fruit examples of video content that we need how to deploy something on cloud most or whatever and then we can also take that to the community and to show people, how we want things to be done.

Denis Lelic: We could also, just in a separate call just start with a list. And see what exactly would we need and we can share that list and Sig Design Channel and see if there are any takers.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I like that a lot. I think we should still do a V1 internally. But totally on board with that.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree with we one but just after we won just having. Some sort of a list where we can continue and keep the momentum going.

Zach Horn: Yep, totally agree.

Tyler Wright: it's

Denis Lelic: I've also yeah Thai I saw your hand up. Sorry.

Tyler Wright: Gonna add I know the sick design is overseeing the working group for their cash website and that launch will be planned and made available soon. But in the meantime on the conversation you are talking about I know that on the Revenge website, there will be a specific area for Community contributions. That would be part of me. They'll be made very accessible for users trying to interact with the website. So this is the place where again a lot of these videos from folks that are contributing to Sig design can go as well as Zach has mentioned previously really looking to expand the YouTube strategy for 2024 on and so again some of these videos that meet that criteria that Zach and Denis are going to outline can also be added to the YouTube as formal

00:10:00

Tyler Wright: videos. So again, it's a couple places where this content can live.

Tyler Wright: The only other thing that I was going to do and I don't want to call somebody out, but I am calling them out. We are always looking for more contributions and I think I've seen B s here a couple of times and I would love to if you have the ability to a talk a little bit or maybe you can put in the chat about maybe some ways that you would like to get involved because again, we wanted to make it as easier for folks.

Tyler Wright: neither Zach nor myself nor denis' bite at all. This is a very inviting community at a class. And so we're always looking for folks that want to get more involved and real work into the night to help, support answer any questions no questions too down, but just help level anybody that wants to get involved so that we can get more contributors we have so many already in the community. But B's, I don't know if you have the ability to unmute or type, but I would love to learn a little bit more about you and maybe your skills that if you can or I think you put a message in Discord, but maybe something live and then maybe figure out how we can get you involved.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks for joining Tyler.

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: He just said he can't unmute at the moment, but he was able to type in the chat. Also, feel free to DM me in our Discord. or you can just drop a message into sick Design Channel if there's a certain area of design you're interested and want to

Denis Lelic: You want to contribute there? Just please let me know we can discuss all things Akash and design related and happy to See you here. Yeah time.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely, and I know we kind of talked about it prior to recording but I do want to put it on the record. I do want to shout out Zach and the rest of the team on I think hitting a hundred thousand followers on x / Twitter. I know that over the last year and a half of Zach being on board overclock Labs. There's been a night and day Improvement on messaging voice and just a real attention to detail and kind of what a cautious saying to the community and obviously it has served us well in connecting with a number of

Tyler Wright: large organizations individuals that really like the messaging they were putting out and want to continue to follow and engage with us. So I do want to shout out again hitting that 100,000. A followers and all the work that Zach especially but others have done to get us there. So just want to put down the

Zach Horn: Thanks, Tyler much appreciated.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, great achievement. I agree Tyler.

Denis Lelic: So that's about it. For today's sick design meeting. There's a number of projects currently going on.

Denis Lelic: One of the bigger ones are updating the cash website. and soon we're gonna transition into Cloud nose redesign

Denis Lelic: some of the other projects that I'm currently can share information about because I don't know if it's ready for public discussions. Yeah, and

Denis Lelic: just happy to see sick design evolving through throughout the first I think it's the first year, so recovered a bunch of stuff product product design and personally. I wish we had someone contributing consistently and maybe part-time.

Denis Lelic: on some of the design stuff We're currently working on. So if there are any takers out there, please let me know so It's not a specific. design related

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: a specific branch of design. So just like me. I wear many hats one day. I'm a product designer and another they like doing marketing stuff. So

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I wish we could find someone which is handy on many stuff and we can do some great. Things together events promotion is happening too. Yeah, that's right. that's something thanks for reminding me. I have to do a bunch of that stuff.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, brand guidelines. Thanks Tyler for bringing that up previously. We had this platform. I think it's called brand pad where we had the Akash guidelines hosted there. We were using free account and that platform decided they're going to cancel all of the free. members so basically have to pay for it and we're just gonna host that on our website and our GitHub basically on our own channels and we're gonna let that thing go.

Denis Lelic: So we got a message from b s I'm involved with Netta Dao help write it up our Constitution and the Juno Charter and we validate here on Akash as you guys know. I'm trying to attend more Akash meeting this year to increase. And that has understanding of a cash apps since we're voting on your gov props and we have kept us a breast. I hope I got that right that's a new word for me pretty well so far. So I'm just trying to create redundancy and help deepen our Castle of design but not a design unfortunately, but I'm dealing digging the new website. Okay, so I guess you saw the website. It's actually half old half new. We just added a bunch of stuff there a revamp happened and

Denis Lelic: we also merged a lot of other pages that were hosted externally like ecosystem and some of the others so we're just aiming to have unified experience under one domain one website. And hopefully we're going to see that live. There's a bunch of new things there. And happy to see that live. and happy to see Alani here, so a big shout out to Alani

Alani Kuye: Hi guys, how you doing? always awesome joining this meetings.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, good to see you here.

Zach Horn: Hey Alani, good to see you.

Alani Kuye: Hi Zach.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we were just like this kind of discussing a bunch of design related stuff.

Alani Kuye: I had a very quick question.

Denis Lelic: Are one second.

Alani Kuye: I wasn't a meeting.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, go ahead.

Alani Kuye: last week with one of the cosmos chains and they are trying to set up a

Alani Kuye: something similar to a grant program basically and they wanted to model it after the accelerator grant program a cash had a couple years back. and I think I don't know how long ago the discourse Forum was sunseted. But they're just inquired if some of those old videos were available that they can reference as a template to setting up there.

Alani Kuye: Grant program for their chain and Tyler if you're online, I'm just a question for all of Tyler Zach Menace they were asking and I couldn't find the Forum because that's where those videos were posted when we have the weekly Paul would be Branch applicants and their demos couldn't find them anywhere. So I figured I'd ask, if those will be for records purposes around or they've been completely sunseted.

00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Tyler I'm gonna let you talk about that. I think you have the most information.

Tyler Wright: I believe there's a way to access them trying to look as we speak, but I'll make sure that you get access to the old form, but there is a link there. Let me look real.

Alani Kuye: That'll be cool. I mean I think with everything going on right now and Akash being in the news and all of that what we're seeing is a lot of chains saying, man, they obviously don't something right. how can we emulate some of the things they're doing? So those are some of the conversations that are coming out and I think it's a good thing because it shows the hard work you guys are doing and it's just fantastic.

Tyler Wright: The newer pair you were also a part of that hard work for a long time. So don't leave yourself out of that kids. But let me find that and I'll put a message somewhere publicly or share with you.

Alani Kuye: awesome

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's also a Tyler. I know we talked about this during the working group for Akash website. We were also thinking about adding that maybe an updated or redign. form for the stuff you've been just asking Alani, so maybe we can chat on Discord or whatever and See what's going on there? Hi, I think I shared that type horn with you.

Alani Kuye: Of course.

Denis Lelic: So maybe now it seems like a perfect time to get back on that topic and see.

Denis Lelic: If we can make that live the future website update. So we can share that with Alani first.

Denis Lelic: cool So yeah, Alani just update you because you joined a couple of minutes later. Currently. We have a bunch of a car swag design items in the Discord. in the end of the previous month. We asked community members to cast their votes for their favorite design. So we have a bunch of designs community members and now we're going to just put it in our shop.

Denis Lelic: probably should do a giveaways to what do you think time?

Alani Kuye: That's awesome. I'm loving it. And the design has an element of it got some Far Eastern Asia. It's got everything in it. Pretty sweet. Let me knowâ€¦

Denis Lelic: yeah, there's like Yeah,â€¦

Alani Kuye: where to get it pick up an early copy.

Denis Lelic: there's a variety of designs just to please everyone's taste so. everyone can find something for themselves and Regard from being creative to a bit more like corporate stuff or we're just trying to cover. This variety of tastes out there.

Alani Kuye: I like the hoodie with the red laces.

Denis Lelic: this one the honey

Alani Kuye: No, they're on the hoodie. Yeah, that one. Yeah, that's pretty sweet.

Alani Kuye: Can I meant my own aft into a piece of Swag? so I'm the only one that has it basically.

Denis Lelic: yeah. you're thinking next levels.

Alani Kuye: I'm getting carried away here.

Denis Lelic: maybe in round two

Alani Kuye: Yeah, that way I'm the only one that has that design on my swag,

Denis Lelic: or I can just design something based on whatever you prefer so you can have one development.

Alani Kuye: That's sweet. I'll do that.

Alani Kuye: I love it,â€¦

Denis Lelic: cool

Alani Kuye: this is fantastic.

Denis Lelic: Thank Yeah, so I think we're pretty much covered everything so. Next action items. I'm gonna talk with some community members to see if there are any

Denis Lelic: Takers to take some of these designs to our store. So mark it up properly and publish it there. And me and Zach are gonna talk about future videos. tutorials andâ€¦

00:25:00

Alani Kuye: All right.

Denis Lelic: stuff, so we're gonna start with one video and after that complete a list of videos, that would be great to have So those are some of the action items. for probably A couple of months because videos kind of take time and there's never enough. So we'll just keep that topic alive throughout our meetings.

Alani Kuye: awesome

Denis Lelic: Alani anything specific you want to learn about design?

Alani Kuye: No, I'm super enjoying, what's going on right now. And I think finally all of the noise that the whole team was making the last couple of years. It's coming full circle. It's just like people finally get it. And I'm just super stoked super excited and I'm excited. and it's just very beautiful to see everything going on and what just don't change anything just keep doing what's going just stay on point. I'm just don't make any crazy changes right now. Just keep your foot and third year keep going.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I agree. But as you said, it's probably place Youâ€¦

Alani Kuye: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: all of the stars are aligning and dots are connecting.

Alani Kuye: Yeah. sweet

Denis Lelic: So yeah.

Denis Lelic: Thai are you gonna talk with Alani privately about that? form so YouTube,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I'll talk.

Denis Lelic: maybe you could just like

Tyler Wright: I'll talk to you first because I just got to make sure we can I gotta talk to Chang a little bit about it. But yes, I'll talk to Alani and then I'll also get Alani access that discourse as soon as possible. I'd like brought in Corey as an extra support. I was easier to find but none of the links that I thought I had are working. So I'll get that resolved and next hours and get that over to Alani.

Denis Lelic: cool

Alani Kuye: awesome

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool guys. Thanks everyone for joining today. So sick design is happening. every month Tyler helped me out. Is it every first Wednesday of the month? So we're gonna see each other.

Tyler Wright: a little second Wednesday second one

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's right. It's already the second one time flying.

Tyler Wright: But it'll be available on Discord Discord has some cool new features where you can have recurring events now and then again, it's also on the Google Calendar. It'll be reflected in the new website on Either the community of the development tab. So there'll be a number of places for people to keep up the date on all stick design meetings and other meetings for other signal working groups.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, cool, so. we're probably gonna see each other next month if anyone is interested and you find time you're free to

Denis Lelic: join our working group. For the Akash website. I'm just checking the calendar now.

Tyler Wright: We have a meeting Thursday.

Denis Lelic: But I hope Tyler.

Denis Lelic: Yeah Tyler you have information.

Tyler Wright: We have a meeting Thursday andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: we'll do weekly moving forward and I know we'll have a launch plan soon, but I think we're getting down to the final phases. So look out for updates sooner rather than later.

Denis Lelic: yeah, final phases of phase one, so Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, exactly exactly.

Denis Lelic: so yeah, and Tyler also dropped the link from Human HQ. So this is a team that put up a proposal to.

Denis Lelic: Revamp the website we helped a little bit with the design and guide them through everything. So there's a bunch of stuff. Here in this link. So if anyone is interested. Click on it go through it. Let us know It don't like it. If you see anything missing or you would like to add something. So just feel free to drop your comments in the working group account website on our Discord. Yeah, so,â€¦

00:30:00

Alani Kuye: All right.

Denis Lelic: Thanks everyone for joining. We'll see each other in the working group coming up in the next couple of days.

Alani Kuye: Correct. Sounds good.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah, okay.

Denis Lelic: Thank you guys.

Zach Horn: stick

Meeting ended after 00:30:28 ðŸ‘‹

