# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #14

## Agenda
- Open discussion on design-related topics
- Presentation and discussion of planned issues
- Support for ongoing projects (product and website)
- Retrospective on past initiatives

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, February 21, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]()
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- B S
- Deathless
- Denis Lelic
- Joao Luna
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- –õ–∞—Ä–µ—Ü –ò—Ä–∫—É—Ç—Å–∫–∏–π

## Meeting Notes
### Denis Lelic:
#### Template Section:
- Proposal for a dedicated area on the templates page to recommend trending or notable templates.
- Suggested featuring four tiles for highlighting templates, including new language models.
- In progress: Creating related issues, some requiring additional design work or detailed descriptions.
#### Website Development:
- Collaboration with Tyler and Zach on ongoing issues.
- Retrospective: Reflecting on past efforts, noting a website revamp project initiated about six months ago.
- Goal: To increase attention and progress on existing projects through issue tracking.
- Creation of detailed issues for product and website improvements.
#### Future Projects:
- Designing a credit card payments flow for Cloudmos a cake console.
- Planning a Marketplace for templates, discussed with Cloudmos representatives.
- Marketplace functionality to allow template publishing and purchasing, including user profiles.
- Implementation of Marketplace for templates and credit card payments flow design.
#### Website development:
- Working on a page combining development and community.
- Plans overlapping, reminiscent of the "get started" page.
#### Swag/Merch for Akash Network:
- Denis to DM Robert separately for input.
- Tyler and Denis discussed inviting Robert to create mockups.
- Peter and Greg also involved in swag design.
#### Video Content:
- Limited time for video content creation acknowledged.
- Denis suggests expanding on AKashEdu content with more videos.
- Zach willing to assist, looking for community members with video skills.
- Possibility of collaborating with a professional interested in motion design.
- Denis offers support to any community member willing to contribute to design efforts.
- Event-related design work completed in the past weeks (booth designs, t-shirts, hoodies, etc.).
- Denis encourages Luna to reach out for any design-related needs.

### Website Enhancement:
- Zach raised an issue regarding the current website layout, specifically highlighting the providers' page and its potential improvement.
- Proposal to combine and elevate the visibility of provider-related information currently dispersed across different pages.
- Denis agrees with the suggestion, emphasizing the need to revisit and improve existing pages for better user experience.
- Denis commits to reviewing the issue raised by Zach and providing support.
- Discussion on showcasing provider information on the homepage for better visibility and accessibility.
- Agreement on the importance of front-and-center placement for provider information due to its relevance to visitors.
- Plans to coordinate further discussion and action on the issue, aiming for a shorter path to access provider information.
- Agreement to discuss the issue further and coordinate actions in the coming days.

### Other Matters Discussed
- Denis encourages participants to reach out for any design-related assistance or queries, either directly or through the Sig Design channel.
- Joao Luna commits to dedicating more resources to graphic design within their team, aiming to support both their platform and Akash.
- Denis suggests utilizing a framework for communication and issue tracking, recommending sharing updates in the Sig Design channel or creating issues in the website repository.
- Denis concludes the meeting, thanking participants for their contributions and inviting further discussions offline or in future meetings.
- Zach and Joao express gratitude and bid farewell to the group.
## Action Items
- Denis to create detailed issues for product and website next month
- Denis to support Tyler and Zach with website repo tasks
- Tyler and Zach to review and provide feedback on proposed projects
- Denis to initiate design and spec work for credit card payments flow and Marketplace for Cloudmos
- Denis to DM Robert separately regarding swag/merchandise plans for AKASH Network
- Denis and Zach to explore the possibility of creating more video tutorials for AKashEdu, aiming for mainstream platforms like YouTube.
- Zach and Denis to review the current website structure and propose adjustments to streamline access to provider-related information.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody, and welcome to today's Sig design meeting. A couple of things I have planned for today basically like an overall discussion. I always try to keep this meetings open for anyone to either contribute ideas and just to have open discussion about any design related topic. I have a couple of things on agenda today.

Denis Lelic: Maybe I'll just start product so I'll shared here in this comment chat section. I have a bunch of notes and issues. I have created in the past and I started creating issues today. This is the first one for help me out loud. So the first one talks about template section. So my suggestion is to have one dedicated area at the for a templates page where we could recommend some of the templates. So for example

Denis Lelic: If a new language model comes out we can highlight it there. So we would have maybe four tiles where we basically highlight. Anything that's trending at the moment or anything that seems like it's good to highlight at a specific point of time. So that's the first one and I have a list of them but some of them. Just require more To either design or just to write the whole description of an issue and explain the solution and so on but that's on my agenda for probably next month just to create a bunch of issues for product and a thing goes for the website. I know Tyler and Zach were already active there.

Denis Lelic: in the Website repo but I'm planning to either support Tyler or Zach or with their issues and I'm going to create my own as well just to have a small retrospective.

Denis Lelic: We basically started this Something similar with the website a couple of months ago and the last year actually so it's more than a couple of months ago. Let's say six months ago. where we created a bunch of issues and then bearish came along and we kind of have a website revamp project that happened after that. So I'm hoping if the issues pile up we're gonna bring more attention to either a specific project and

Denis Lelic: Here here and see some. progress

Denis Lelic: in each of these projects we're currently working on. So one thing for product related just to give you a hint.

Denis Lelic: I'd like to design a credit card payments flow for cloudnos a cake console. Also a Marketplace for templates. That's something I've talked to Cloud nose guys both Maxes. They think it's a great idea to have a Marketplace for templates. So anyone who's maybe putting time and effort into building an sdl and wants to share it but want to earn some akto or whatever.

Denis Lelic: Those users are going to be able to publish that template in the marketplace. So it's gonna have a functionality to Write that template by that template so it actually brings a lot of different things to it. for example profiles if a user creates a template music she needs a profile and where all of those templates they've created are listed and so on and so on and so on. So yeah, those are kind of like issues that take more time to design and to create and to write the whole spec and the same goes for the website website has some plans Tyler already mentioned a couple of times there.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: We would need a page. That would actually combine development and community and I already started working on it. But any kind of it's all quite overlapping over the whole website, and it's

Denis Lelic: certain times it reminds me of it get started page. So that's something I just have to look deeper into and hopefully find a good solution. The next thing would be swag or March for a cashnetwork. Unfortunately, Robert is not here, but I'll DM him separately and me and Tyler already talked to give him an invite. for creating mockups for all the merch we did and end of the previous year and with Sig design, and I talked to Peter.

Denis Lelic: Last night and we're gonna have Greg involved in that too. So Greg is always happy to participate in swag design. He has his own ideas. So we'll try to support him as well. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I'm

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the last time we mentioned video content. Unfortunately, there was no time at least from my side to do any. video content meaning video tutorials and so on but on the other side because we got a cash edu going on where

Denis Lelic: community members actually developed quite not a lot of content but some content and I think there are four edu courses they are but from my perspective, I would expand on that and offer more video content on more mainstream path platforms like YouTube. So yeah, that's just something me and Zach we were talking about and maybe this month is the month where we could actually pull one together. so whenever you find time, let me know and I'll just try to clear my schedule and just to prepare at least one to get us going.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I'm definitely definitely happy to help with those. I think We do need to find somebody in the community that has the video skills to support us in this. I think there's a couple folks that fall into that category. I've actually been dming with somebody professionally who's very interested in creating some walkthroughs and tutorials and kind of motion design type video for us. So we'll see where that goes. It's coming along at the moment but commitment yet, but definitely happy to help it. We want to just spend one of these up like a basic how to deploy on cloud most or something like that.

Denis Lelic: cool, cool yeah, I'm

Denis Lelic: Sorry, I'm happy to support, any Community member who's willing to participate in any shape or form design for just Danny? I'm happy to work with anyone. besides everything I mentioned and the last couple of weeks. We did a bunch of event stuff either Booth designs t-shirt hoodies everything that goes along with events. So Luna if you need anything from my side in the beginning of the conversation this meeting actually you've mentioned some of the stuff before we started recording. Yeah, and just feel free to DM me if you need anything from our side.

Denis Lelic: and as usual I like to keep the floor open for discussion on any design related topic. So if anyone has anything to share anything to discuss feel free to

Denis Lelic: or Yeah Zach.

00:10:00

Zach Horn: I call we want to I've been looking at the current website and I raise this issue in the website revamp repo we have these two screens one is On the providers page, I believe under the drop-down. Let me pull up the site. Yeah, so if you drop down Network and you go to about Akash. And then providers in the laptop you have that map view that has all the dots with the providers where they are in the world. and then it's also if you go to community.

Zach Horn: I'm highlighting the issue that I'm trying to raise because I can't find it. You go ecosystem a cost providers, right? And then you have this map of all the providers with their ratings and resources. I've made an issue in the site to combine those and service them or highly on the page because the info is great. It's like if you're looking at the site you can see where the providers are in the world super compelling marketing image and then you can see all the different providers but the resources they're uptime what they have available all that.

Zach Horn: This is mostly brainstorming at this point. What do you think that is about making that essentially a provider's page? I mean my suggestion is that could literally be providers in the nav or something like that if not that but maybe providers as a subsection on. What's that first drop down Network, you drop down Network and it says providers something like that. what's your first thought on that Denis?

Denis Lelic: It is here and the chat section as well. Yeah, I think it makes sense. When we look back I think as the website grew through the working group, we kind of added new stuff here and there but it's always good to look back and to see what kind of pages can improve. So I agree. This could be one of them. just to have a good overview of What's going on the other side? the network looks like How many resources where are they located So yeah, I agree a hundred percent with you. I'm gonna look at the issue you've created so

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: just to have a draft there and just going to support you in the comment section and issue here.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. I mean that just looking at the raph Network. about Akash providers. Yeah, it's three clicks deep which is not ideal. But this graph. I mean we could even showcase this on the homepage in my opinion. I mean that's almost like landing page quality. Because when you're scrolling down, you're getting that sales read quote unquote when you're scrolling down the home page. I feel like that's information that we should. It's front and center right? It's gonna be someone's like first question is How are you guys distributed? What resources do you have all that?

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah, I agree. I'm just going through the website so Network about a cash. So yeah, you're basically three clicks away from this page. and could be like

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: the path could be way shorter to get all this info. I agree.

Zach Horn: Yeah, we have the issue open. So I guess we can coordinate a sing and talk about it a little bit tomorrow. See what we need to do.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah, cool. Thanks Zach. anyone else?

Zach Horn: Yeah for sure.

Denis Lelic: Okay, So if anything design related pops up at you're all welcome to either me or anything and sick Design Channel

Joao Luna: Yeah, I'll try to have someone from my team. That's now more dedicated to design to also start helping and Their crash site as well. So we'll start to deportals into all sorts of graphic design stuff.

Denis Lelic: cool

Joao Luna: So that's something in two weeks. So she'll be quitting her field job and be 100% dedicated to our platform, but I have extra time to also help on a cash. So that's something I'm looking forward for the next couple of weeks.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. That's Good to hear. Yeah, I would only suggest to have

Denis Lelic: some sort of a framework. So either share it in the Sig design or create an issue in the website repo. So we're kind of like Quack of it and keeping an eye on all the issues and everything like design and website related. Of course.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool.

Denis Lelic: if much we talked about pretty much everything from my notes and my agenda so that could be it for today if anyone else wants to talk about anything. Feel free to talk offline or online. Thanks again for joining today. We'll see each other next month. So this one it's a short month. So probably see each other quite soon, but there's a working group or the website happening tomorrow. So b s and Luna your invited and deathless. Sorry, you're invited to participate and that meeting as well. thanks again for joining and You next time.

Denis Lelic: Bye.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

Joao Luna: But thank you.

Zach Horn: Take care.

Meeting ended after 00:17:38 üëã

