# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #15

## Agenda
- Welcome and Introduction
- Open discussion on design-related topics
- Review of Recent Events
- Discussion on Brand Assets and Guidelines
- Website Update

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, March 13, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn


## Meeting Notes
### Denis Lelic:
- Denis acknowledges the participation of Tyler and Zach and provides an overview of the meeting's purpose and frequency.
- Recent events from Q1 (EthDenver, KubeCon, GTC) were successfully conducted with swag and merchandise. More events are scheduled, necessitating an increase in design-related tasks.
- Tasks include designing stickers, t-shirts, hoodies, videos, and booth designs for upcoming events.
- Denis mentions ongoing work on the Akash.Network website, acknowledging the need for improvement and planning to review GitHub for updates.
- Denis discusses ongoing website improvements, highlighting the creation of issues on the Akash revamp repository for contributors.
- Encourages interested parties to explore easy tasks in the issue section for contribution opportunities.
- Emphasizes the continuous effort to enhance the website experience and related features.
- Mentions plans for revamping statistics display with more detailed graphs and dynamic elements.
- Announces the addition of GPU pricing, addressing a missing feature on the current website.
- Explains that GPU pricing will be included in the pricing section, allowing users to calculate.
  
### Discussion on video contributions
  - Tom, a community member, is willing to contribute video content.
  - Emphasis on starting with a CLI video, aiming to establish a benchmark for future contributions.
  - Zach highlights the iterative process for the first video, focusing on structure, recording methods, pacing, and more.
  - Denis plans to assist Tom and mentions challenges with finding a suitable screen recorder for HD resolution.
  - Zach recommends OBS (Open Broadcaster Software), an open-source and free screen recorder.
  - Tyler emphasizes the importance of brand guidelines and assets, highlighting the availability of Dennis Zach and others for assistance.
  - Tyler invited to share any additional thoughts or updates.
### Closing Remarks
- Tyler acknowledges the comprehensive coverage of topics by Denis and expresses satisfaction with the progress.
- Highlights the positive reception of Akash swag at EthDenver, with attendees expressing excitement and appreciation for the designs.
- Commends SIG Design for delivering assets and deliverables for ETHDenver and mentions readiness for upcoming events.
- Denis mentions ongoing discussions and brainstorming for future initiatives, promising to share tangible updates in the next meeting.
- Shares swag designs in the SIG Design Discord channel for community members interested in printing their own merchandise.
- Tyler notes a steady increase in people accessing the Akash swag shop, indicating a positive trend.
- Denis mentions a recent contribution from Andrea, designing a flyer for KubeCon, showcasing community initiatives in utilizing Akash branding assets.
- Denis concludes the meeting, expressing gratitude to participants and noting ongoing work in the background.

## Action Items
- Denis to contact Tom to offer assistance with video production.
- Denis to explore OBS for screen recording.
- Continuation of ongoing efforts with video contributions and website improvements.
- Group to prrepare design materials for upcoming events.
- Denis to share tangible updates on ongoing initiatives in the next meeting.
- Adam to coordinate printing and delivery of the flyer designed by Andrea for KubeCon.
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Of brand guidelines and brand assets. I know that Dennis Zach and others make themselves very available and a great representation of the Sig design to help.

Tyler Wright: Make sure that all brand assets are of the highest quality.

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody. Welcome to today's sick design meeting. Thanks Thai and Zach for participating today for joining this meeting. So for all of those who might have a look at the recording these meetings happen on a monthly basis. So I believe every first Wednesday of the month, so I'll just start off with a couple of things we've managed to do in the last couple of weeks or months, so we got first events from

Denis Lelic: Q1 under our belts so East Denver kubecon and GTC with a lot of swag stuff a lot of merchandise Booth designs for those events and they're like a couple of them happening and actually two of them are happening next week. And there's more in the pipeline a lot of events happening this year which means we are going to have to do. A lot more everything event related from design perspective. So stickers t-shirts hoodies both videos and so on.

Denis Lelic: Other than that, there's a bunch of

Denis Lelic: cash dot Network our website a lot of work to do on that. part, so I'm just second just opening the GitHub.

Denis Lelic: Okay, great.

Denis Lelic: Ness so as we talked in the website meetings, there's a lot of stuff going on as well on the website. I've created Tyler created and Zach Tom as well created a bunch of issues here And the issue section on the website. Dash revamp Repos so anyone who's interesting contributing. Please have a look at the easy tasks here.

Denis Lelic: and there's a lot more happening and in the pipeline, so we're constantly will try to improve the experience of the website and everything around the website, which means another thing which is in the pipeline is the stats revamped or we're planning to do a lot of more detailed

Denis Lelic: displaying of stats like different graphs adding new stuff. Just providing a little bit of more of dynamic there. There's another new thing happening, which is the GPU pricing. Something that's been missing on the current website and it's also missing in the section.

Denis Lelic: Under a batakash and pricing at the moment. We just have pricing coming soon for the gpus and when a user applies to calculate their pricing on a cash network based on their preferences and resources. They want to lease. They just get an estimate based on the CPU memory and storage so gpus coming soon.

Denis Lelic: on another point we always talk about but I hope we're going to move. soon is the videos. We just talked about it briefly. We got one Community member Tom is his name.

Denis Lelic: He's willing to do some of the video content contributions and their commutation contribution. So we just have to get started for the first one and we could take it from there.

Denis Lelic: just hopefully iterate that version until it's something that everyone satisfied with and it's going to create some sort of a benchmark for all the future video contributions and Yeah.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: and that's

Zach Horn: So for the video contributions, the one that Tom is working on currently I believe is going to be a CLI video that he's working on with Huey directly. I think for this first one as he said that we're going to try to just get it to a point where It's something that we can use as a reference point for all videos going forward. So, this first one's gonna be very iterative as we dial in all the different pieces. We wanted to have how it's structured how it's recorded pacing, screen recordings using 11 Labs all these different points. As soon as we get this first one done that we have a benchmark one that we can both have Tom continue to do more videos. But also if anybody else wants to participate they'll have a way to do that and I'm sure to ties point from earlier do some light weight Internal Documentation on how that's created and guides for making videos. So the goal in my mind is get a first video done.

Zach Horn: To a point that everybody is aligned with and then we can go from there and grow our video contributions significantly because we do need videos. It's definitely a top of Mind thing.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I think I'll just Tom and see if I can help him in any way. I know when I tried doing some of these videos there was a challenge of finding a good screen recorder. There are great

Denis Lelic: Apps which you have to download but of course any other product which is good you have to pay for it. but just to have HD Resolution going on and just to avoid anything pixily and stuff like that. But yeah,â€¦

Zach Horn: I've heard really good things about OBS open broadcaster software.

Denis Lelic: go ahead.

Zach Horn: It's open source. It's free to my knowledge. Lots of people use it. Yeah, it's just free and open source. That maybe what time is using already? I'm not sure but yeah, just something I've heard from lots of contributors.

Denis Lelic: Cool, I wrote it down. I'm gonna try it.

Denis Lelic: Okay tie you I do have maybe anything you would like to add we could keep this meeting quite short. We pretty much covered everything that's going on some stuff that's been done some stuff. That's still in the pipeline to be dealt with but you have anything on your side. Feel free. speak

Tyler Wright: No, I think you did a great job of covering it. The only thing that I want to shout out is I know at eat Denver. there was a number of folks that were very excited about the Akash swag, the beanies, I have people still reaching out to me and Discord saying they're gonna wear it every day and people really like the number of the graphics and everything kind of turned out. so just from a events 2024 standpoint, Sig design delivered on all the assets and all the deliverables in terms of Swag for eat them for and I know that everything's on his way for the next couple of events so much appreciate the efforts of this sig there and we'll just continue to work on everything related to the website and elsewhere as well.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's a lot of stuff still going on in the background background. Some of this is still kind of being discussed and brainstorm and as soon as it's Something tangible. I'll share it probably in the next meeting.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: Yeah, actually asks for some of the swag designs in the sick design Discord channel, so I just shared some of the

Denis Lelic: We already talked about during Sikh design meetings and the last year I believe. So yeah, he's just trying to print some And produce some of that stuff on his own. But yeah, I'm happy to support anyone who has any design needs. My DMs are open.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, there's also been a steady uptick of folks that are accessing the Akash swag shop and buying things. trending the right direction as well there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's good to know. we had a contribution last week Andrea. she is part of Luna's team the cross search. So she designed a flyer for? kubecon so that's something she coordinated with Adam and I think Adam's going to take care of that print that thing and delivered to kubecon. So yeah good to see some Community initiatives going on and people like playing around with Akash branding assets and producing stuff which is cool.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool, so We can make it short for today there's a lot of stuff. Of course. We are doing in the background.

Denis Lelic: But thanks again as I can type for joining and we'll see each other soon.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. Thanks guys.

Denis Lelic: Have a good day, bye-bye.

Tyler Wright: It's above.

Zach Horn: Thank you.

Meeting ended after 00:12:32 ðŸ‘‹

