# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- Merchandise updates for Accelerate 2024
- Open floor for contributions and hackathon discussion
- PR and marketing collaboration policies
- Future design and UX/UI improvements

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, May 08, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://utgdid3tyicjsjmgvznzalfhes33oqqzoytow53oaqvlgg6nbmlq.arweave.net/pMw0D3PCBJklhq5bkCynJLe3Qhl2Jut3bgQqsxvNCxc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Ansh Saxena
- B S
- Denis Lelic
- Fenil Modi
- Poroburu
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- **Merchandise Design Review**
  - Denis reviewed various merchandise items for Accelerate 2024, including AirPods cases, backpacks, tote bags, notebooks, pins, wearables, socks, business cards, wristbands, gift cards, and stickers.
  - Confirmed designs and production quantities.
  - Discussed alternatives for an unavailable backpack model.
  - Emphasized finalizing quantities and sizes for AirPods cases.

- **Production and Logistics**
  - Most items are in production or ready to be produced.
  - Continued vendor communication for quality and timely delivery.
  - Emphasized future merchandise reorganization and enhancement.

- **Future UX/UI Improvements**
  - Denis announced upcoming rebranding of the Cloudmos console, including a switch from Material UI to Tailwind CSS.
  - Addressing friction points around payment and wallet connections to create a frictionless Web3 experience.
  - Plans to integrate private repositories from GitHub and other improvements.

- **Hackathon and New Contributions**
  - Ansh Saxena discussed his project on the Cloudmos console, focusing on tokenizing AI model deployments.
  - Sought assistance with running the Cloudmos console locally and expressed interest in ongoing projects.
  - Denis and Tyler encouraged Ansh to connect with them and other team members on Discord for support and collaboration.

- **Community and Support**
  - Denis recommended Ansh connect with Piyush (bold Panther on Discord) for assistance with integrating private containers from Docker and other technical challenges.
  - Highlighted the community's ongoing efforts to improve the Akash website and backend.

- **PR and Marketing Collaboration Policy**
  - Tyler clarified Akash's stance on PR and communications partnerships, emphasizing that Akash does not engage in empty PR announcements.
  - Partnerships must involve demonstrated integration and proof of concept before any co-marketing efforts.
  - Zach reiterated this policy, stating that marketing collaborations should reflect real, tested integrations that drive demand on the network.

- **Akash Accelerate 2024**
  - Denis provided details about the upcoming Akash Accelerate event, emphasizing the importance of contributions and collaboration.
  - Ansh expressed interest in participating in the program post-hackathon.
**Conclusion:**
- The meeting concluded with positive feedback on the current merchandise designs.
- Encouragement for continuous collaboration and participation in upcoming meetings and events.

**Action Items**

- **Denis:** Confirm AirPods case quantities and sizes, find a replacement for the unavailable backpack, and ensure all merchandise items are produced on time.
- **Zach:** Continue looking for contributors and coordinate with interested parties.
- **Ansh:** Connect with Tyler and Piyush (bold Panther) on Discord for further assistance with his hackathon project and discuss the marketplace idea with Max.
- **Tyler:** Assist Ansh with any technical difficulties and ensure he is well-integrated into the community.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's syndesign meeting today and not so much crowded. Me and Zach here only. So We're gonna look back on the stuff. We did in the previous month. A lot of work was done around Accelerate 2024. It's happening in Austin, Texas. So I believe it's on 28th 29th.

Denis Lelic: So I'm just gonna get us started. With merge design, so just to have a look. What was done on that front? So we had plenty of options to choose from.

Denis Lelic: so I'm just going to present a trimmed down version where we taught it makes sense to produce these items. So starting with airpods case something wrong community members can grab a hold of and speakers attendees and so on could have this item to pack their airpods and Then we had ideas for a backpacks. A cash branded and some other Graphics were involved. Tote bags. And there was different designs for Notebooks like a letter one. then we had

Denis Lelic: an alternative version and we're actually producing both so the leather one and the Heart cover.

Denis Lelic: in a bigger size and red, so I think When we asked the core team members, what are their thoughts on these which one should be produced? So we're going with number five here and number nine for red. So there are different designs here then we had pins. We're producing a three pins, I believe it's Greg's head Akash.

Denis Lelic: Sign so a logo and just like a small Texas state. So it's like a map of Texas and we replaced the star with Akash sign here.

Denis Lelic: So we got some. wearables merch and so on and so here's an example of vest. Then we have some Akash accelerate branded jerseys from a 14 members. and a different color and have some light packable jacket with the same theme. And a lot of different t-shirts, so I think we're producing all of them. Just not in. Crazy amount of quantity here. Just I think it's 50 each.

Denis Lelic: So something that's gonna serve different purposes. It could be more.

Denis Lelic: Corporate depends on the events. So yeah, just to mention some team members are gonna wear these and different events in the future and some of these t-shirts these here are only akashic ce branded, so we're gonna use them in Austin probably but of course, it's

Denis Lelic: everyone who receives this t-shirt is going to bring it home. So it's going to be some sort of a small reminder as well on the first Akash accelerated event. We got socks. So a lot of these items here are already pushed to production. I believe the socks. I know I talked with

Denis Lelic: Amanda who's working closely, but Adam wozny on the event side and I think this one is already out in production. Then we talked a lot about business cards. So there's

Denis Lelic: Options here as I know we mentioned but you need the more designs maybe with a QR code involved on one side and something just the members could just hand out in different events and we can provide a crucial information how to reach someone from Akash or overclock on different platforms like X okay Twitter and so on an email. Then we have a wristband. for the Akash accelerated event We were talking about gift cards. So

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: one thing I know Chang and Huey and some other folks from 14 would like to have is the gift cards where we would offer. I don't know. Let's say 10 bucks or free amount of compute resources. And that's just an idea where still have the kind of evolve and we're exploring different options how to implement this and to make it useful and Right just to make it easy for new users to access these funds and try out probably a cash Council. We have a bunch of stickers. So one of the ideas was. to produce

Denis Lelic: lots of different designs that are kind of related to different events. So yeah, we have East Denver which is happening in Colorado. We got gosh accelerate which is happening Austin and we have some more mentioning New York here some California and others are more like just

Denis Lelic: Akash branded like a car supercloud and so on and then we have Three set of three here, which are just carrying A conflict accelerate brand we've kind of established it it was kind of tricky. We still have to communicate a cache, but personally I had a feeling we have to have Something that's going to be memorable and it's kind of brand this event. So this forward sign and AA CC it's kind of hopefully a memorable thing for this event. And then we have this idea where the suitcase or a briefcase.

Denis Lelic: With all these stickers applied there and we have a one cool GPU unit pack inside. Going on. We have a welcome note from Greg for Just an idea of how we could.

Denis Lelic: Design different dashboards for this event. So that's one of them. We can have also our cards or stuff like that and napkins archive branded crash accelerate branded.

Denis Lelic: cups so for drinks and so on with Akash accelerate branding there.

Denis Lelic: then the next thing would be the Branded venue where the cash accelerate theme so we explored different. things here like

Denis Lelic: branding the venue, so just putting a big sign up there. on different animations for screens so it could be a cash branded or Akash accelerated branded. back walls different banners like horizontal vertical hanging standing a cache brand of Akash accelerate branded so it's like a mix. of all of them

Denis Lelic: which is going to go through them all. quickly Yeah, Roll-Ups as well. So that's one thing we were cooking in the last month or so. So a lot of these items are already out and production. Hopefully we'll get them all on time for the event. so that's it on the acoustic fellow rate sign. So sync design is kind of like

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: also covers up one part of the marketing side. So Zach is here as well. So Zach if you want to just share anything there.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: And I think for the airport's case, there's a minimum amount is hundred pieces. So it's just a matter of budgeting here yes or no, so, I know Amanda Huey and the rest of the crew are talking about this and unfortunately this backpack is not available. So I've asked Amanda to try to find something that's

Denis Lelic: at least kind of looks the same and feels the same. So from the quality perspective. I hope it's gonna work. So yeah, otherwise like T-shirts, books this kind of stuff. I believe everything is

Denis Lelic: as the Polly and who's like taking care of the contacting different vendors and making sure everything is

Denis Lelic: Produced on time and so I am from my understanding everything is fine all the print files and everything is done. So the only thing was as I said we need to find a replacement for the backpack, so Maybe later today. I'm gonna try to find some. As well and just see what can we receive. In two weeks. Yeah.

Zach Horn: Yeah makes sense.

Zach Horn: for the airpods cases What sizes that is Because that was the one thing we're talking about is â€¦

Denis Lelic: I think it's the Prolia. Yeah.

Zach Horn: what size do we do if we do airpods cases? I think that's fine. not everyone has Pros, but I think it's okay to have either way. Did we go with multiple sizes or just the pros?

Denis Lelic: I think it's just a prose just one size,â€¦

Zach Horn: Okay.

Denis Lelic: but I can check with Amanda if we could do 50 Pros 50 or the regulars.

Zach Horn: Yeah, because I have a pair of the regular ones. It's a similar case shape, but I think it's a little bit smaller if we can and it doesn't throw any wrenches in the gears or anything like that. It might be good to do/ you were saying 50 Pros 50 regulars, but pretty small thing. I mean at this point, I think there's higher priority merch things on the table. for the soccer jerseys, which ones did we end up going with it was the stripe ones Nike strike three, I think.

Denis Lelic: We're doing both here. Yeah. So we have the white andâ€¦

Zach Horn: I see. hang on.

Denis Lelic: this Coral version.

Zach Horn: I mean the actual Jersey itself because of the link here is dry fit, but I think we ended up going with a real Jersey. I think it was the strike three. I mean Google that real quick.

Denis Lelic: I think so. Yeah. Yeah, but from the look, it's kind of pretty much the same just probably there's a difference in materials. yeah, but just from the look, I think we're pretty much there.

Zach Horn: Gotcha, I think we're well on track there and it sounds like we're gonna have some ongoing merch kind of reorganization and up leveling for lack of a better word.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: So we can carry some of this stuff through to the other merch designs that we'll have which I'm looking forward to for the official thumbs up from TY

Denis Lelic: And I don't try looking forward to that. So.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, that's just something we can. discuss after we've wrap up the whole accelerate stuff and see how items are being produced and so on but just important part from here is we have the designs that we can either find vendors or the just use our shop, basically, so Yeah.

00:15:00

Zach Horn: Welcome if you haven't joined before. Hey.

Ansh Saxena: Any yeah, just looking on what's Happening.

Zach Horn: Yeah, of course happy to have you these calls sometimes they're a little more built out. We have more design things on the table, but we have a couple different initiatives going on across the board and everything's running pretty smoothly. So there's not a toned update On the marketing side one thing that I will just as a general. Announcement if you will because we're recording I'm looking for a number of contributors across the board. So these are people that can do written content that can do video. There's a potential growth role that's in the work. So this is my official statement for the record in case anyone's listening later. If you're interested, or you can do any of those things reach out to me because we're looking to bring on I'd say about five people.

Ansh Saxena: Okay, I'm looking to there's recent hackathon around I've been working on the cloud most console and trying to make it. It's a better thing. I'm more of a deaf person,â€¦

Zach Horn: amazing

Ansh Saxena: Yeah. I mean looking around what's happening in a car and what you guys been doing what is happening in design? I'm just curious about everything. Yeah, yeah andâ€¦

Zach Horn: Yeah, of course. Are you participating in the hackathon that's going on right now?

Ansh Saxena: participating in the heart goes on. I'm just trying to build up something users can deploy their AI models on a cash blockchain? they can also do it right now with the cloud most but more focusing on tokenizing those models that they have deployed. So that other users can have those models after the first one actually sells out to him the deployment actually transfers from one person to other person working on building something like this.

Zach Horn: Fantastic, that's amazing.

Ansh Saxena: If I'm able to tokenize it, I'll be able to build a Marketplace have Dows going around them and a lot more utility everything that a smartphone and providing if it's just I'm able to tokenize those deployments. I'm trying on that.

Zach Horn: That sounds great. Definitely. Thanks for joining today. are you in the Discord by chance?

Ansh Saxena: Yeah. Yeah, I'm on the Discord. I'm totally connected with Max for resolving of my errors matters helping me out for this thing.

Zach Horn: very cool Thai who's on the call as well, he's our head of operations. You should connect with him as well. He's obviously big on Discord and can help you navigate the community if you need to connect with anyone else. This is a Tyler Wright on the call with us.

Ansh Saxena: this person told me

Ansh Saxena: Okay Okay, Tyler. I can also see you on Discord now. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, but as Zach meant you'll feel free to meet out to me like Tyler core team if you have any other questions or need any help with anything, but it sounds like you're already moving the right direction. So appreciate having you.

Ansh Saxena: Yeah, I'm mostly like having troubles with having the cloud most console running on my local machine actually been working on this for the past five to six days all day. I've been working and trying out to make this thing work yet. I'm still having some issues. I have to learn a lot things databases Docker and a lot more technical things. Running on this journey is creating exciting for me to learn how Akash is actually working out and what more possibilities I can have that Akash.

Tyler Wright: Excellent again, feel free to reach out to me if you have anything.

Ansh Saxena: For the chance. I'm just dming you I guess your event offline on Discord wait so that we can stay connected.

Tyler Wright: Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Denis Lelic: So yeah, thanks for Happy to see you here happy that you're involved already in the hackathon and in the community. You're welcome. Also to join different meetings. Either client related or we have one meeting that's happening next week. It's for nakash website.

Ansh Saxena: I mean

Denis Lelic: So there's been a lot of work done there by different community members as well. But if you need anything design related. Feel free to reach out on this chord me and I'll help you out as much as I can but I happy to see you're already talking to Max. So that's the right guy to talk to for everything Cloud nose console related and I know Max had an idea a while ago for creating some sort of Marketplace for templates, so I think

00:20:00

Ansh Saxena: This sounds great. I actually didn't discuss a lot about this Market listing. I would definitely love to discuss with them further if you already have an idea about this thing.

Denis Lelic: Yeah a while ago. I talked to him and I think it's just an idea and nothing tangible at theâ€¦

Ansh Saxena: Mm-hmm

Denis Lelic: but feel free to talk to him again and just share Your idea and so on. I think he'll be happy to help you out if you need anything that and

Ansh Saxena: I'll do it. By the way.

Denis Lelic: cool Whatâ€¦

Ansh Saxena: This is what you do.

Denis Lelic: what do I do?

Ansh Saxena: Yeah, yes. I'm so new.

Denis Lelic: I do.

Ansh Saxena: I'm like

Denis Lelic: I do a lot of design stuff. So everything design related on their cash side, so One day's videos. The other day is something on the product side the third day something else.

Ansh Saxena: I understand their highness and basically designing everything related to the product.

Denis Lelic: Yeah,

Tyler Wright: Yeah, everybody,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: branding products, marketing.

Ansh Saxena: mmm

Tyler Wright: Across the entire Gambit for all things. with the parking other member

Ansh Saxena: Yeah. Yeah. I totally get this.

Tyler Wright: But if you have any design questions, whereas you're building out like a ux and you need some design support. I need some assets, he would talk.

Ansh Saxena: Okay, so I don't know who took anything that the moment I've been doing some assets. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, just let me know me on Discord and I could help you out.

Ansh Saxena: Yeah, okay. Sure.

Tyler Wright: climate I make a quick announcement that maybe Zach would like and back off of.

Zach Horn: Absolutely.

Tyler Wright: All right, there have been a couple of folks. This is more like marketing side, but there have been a couple of teams and individuals that have been reaching out as of recently looking to partner with Akash, and the way that they want to partner with the cost is by doing a Communications or a PR partnership, which means they just want to have a shout them out on Twitter or something and then do the inverse. I just want to make it clear and again Zach can feel free to get his own thoughts on this but from a high level strategy, that's not something that a cost does the community and Zach who leads many of the marketing efforts at Akash have made the concerted and I think proper strategy to not just do announcements everything that it's announces already been integrated and been tested and works and so

Tyler Wright: if anybody is trying to reach out whether it be a discussions or just in the general Community looking for a announcement without putting any

Tyler Wright: Integration working or without showing a proof of concept at the very least. I just want to let you know just what's on the record that probably is not something that Akash is interested in again. We love folks that are creating content that shows like development work that shows like a process and shows like something that can drive Demand on the network. But if somebody's just trying has a project and they're just trying to latch on to the coattails of Akash for quote unquote a PR announcement. That is kind of empty that's not something

00:25:00

Zach Horn: Yeah, now you have to hit the nail on the head. I appreciate you putting that on the record, by the way. I'm going to clip that audio and anytime I get one of 10 million. Are you interested in a marketing collaboration thing? I'm just gonna link them your audio. but yeah, I mean that's generally the right direction and entreer context Because these calls recorded sometimes we just stuff for the record, it's very formal in that way.

Ansh Saxena: Yeah. Yeah I get this thing.

Zach Horn: Yeah, totally.

Zach Horn: but yeah, that's generally the idea I mean from

Ansh Saxena: I don't think This is a good thing. We can't actually move forward just with the ideation thing. You must be actually putting in some efforts that are visible to everyone.

Zach Horn: So generally the way that the marketing works at a high level. For cash which obviously is this relatively unique open structure. We just want to see integration. So at the point that we're going to talk about co-marketing, we just need to see that your deploying on the network you're using, the resources in some way you're gonna build a tool and then we can get into those conversations over time. But yeah Ty said it perfectly.

Zach Horn: That's my statement for the record.

Denis Lelic: Right. Thanks.

Zach Horn: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Okay, so that's I guess off on the marketing side. for the rest of the guys that and join in later. We talked about Akash accelerated which is happening in but three weeks so we just went through different touch points from swag and when you and everything that Needs to be designed there and a lot of these touch points already in production. So

Denis Lelic: let me just a couple of thoughts on what's happening in the future and there's going to be Bonsall rebranding of console is happening, so

Denis Lelic: There's gonna be some new additions to the ux UI. We are trying to solve a couple of friction points around payment and connecting wallets and so on so I'm pretty much what? All of the web 3 world is trying to solve so great and creating a frictionless web 3 experience. So

Denis Lelic: yeah, and I think that's gonna take some time as well in the future just to

Denis Lelic: Do our best on that front? and of course

Ansh Saxena: Accelerating something interesting. Can you give me some more details on this? if I'm able to implement something for this hackathon? I'll definitely want to get into this program after working after the hackathon.

Denis Lelic: yeah, the thing I think is guys from console cloudmos are trying to or they already actually did a big part of switching to a different library from material to tailwind and share cnui Library. So that's one bigger part that they're going to do and on the other and we still have to design a bunch of the stuff I've mentioned on the payment stuff and we're trying to

Denis Lelic: also connect private repos from GitHub. And so there's going to be a lot of Explorations done in the beginning. And as soon as there's something tangible will share it. you're happy. I'll be happy if you joined one of these calls so we can discuss. What's working? What's not and so on and so on so

Ansh Saxena: Yeah, would love to join these scores. also one more thing. Is that our guys also working on looking to integrate that private containers thing from a Docker that is like something I'm very much interested in to working on.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I'm not sure if Pierce. So his handle on Discord is bold Panther. He's been working on that front. So just trying to connect. Private GitHub repos to the console.

00:30:00

Denis Lelic: So maybe

Ansh Saxena: Can you write it even a chance as well?

Denis Lelic: His handle is pulled Panther.

Ansh Saxena: Thank you.

Denis Lelic: Yep, so she's also a Community member often joins these calls and he did a lot of work on the Akash website. So we're basically revamped the whole website added a lot of new stuff there. We changed the back end and this was done. I believe in the beginning of the year but yeah. Also someone who I think would be happy to help you out with different related things.

Ansh Saxena: Yeah, yeah anything with him.

Denis Lelic: 

Zach Horn: Hey harsh question for you slightly selfishly promote from a marketing perspective and I don't mean to put you on the spot so you don't have to share if you don't want to but how'd you hear about Akash first?

Ansh Saxena: I already knew about the guys because I've been working initially with strong as well. I've been working on their sdks and with their Integrations on a few of my hackathons very much involved into helicals last year. I went 10 of them. So I have already used this Channel and I remember initially used to leverage a car for their compute things and got to learn about Akash from there in my initial days and from then I had this clue about that the cautious something like some sort of a cheap unit that actually provides Run 10 deployments on the instance,â€¦

Zach Horn: Amazing. Love to hear it.

Ansh Saxena: pay for the time that you want the resources not like this a monthly subscription thing andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah,â€¦

Ansh Saxena: I love this model.

Denis Lelic: we're kind of thought it off slow only me andâ€¦

Ansh Saxena: I thought they can be a lot more things revolving around this particular model that you only need to pay for the time you are using the resources andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Zach. I'm happy this meeting is ending on a good note. So

Ansh Saxena: not the monthly subscription or something like that. So yeah that got

Ansh Saxena: Very much interested for parts spending in the hackathon andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Of course, all of you are welcome to join. all of our next meetings andâ€¦

Ansh Saxena: building or something as well.

Denis Lelic: if you're interesting interested in design related stuff, me on Discord or you can join the next meeting where we talk a lot of about design stuff is also the Akash website meeting which is happening next week. So I'll be happy to see you there as well. Okay, any questions anything you guys want to talk about while we're here?

Zach Horn: Not for my side. I think we covered most of the things we had to talk about. Anything else from the design side Denis?

Denis Lelic: No, I think we pretty much covered everything so.

Denis Lelic: A product looked really cool. I've been okay. Which product are you referring to? Sorry.

Zach Horn: All the products Denis they all look amazing things to you.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Tyler Wright: but

Zach Horn: every Yeah.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Zach Horn: Yeah, I think the merch looks great too. I mean we've done so many iterations of merch over the years, but I really like this current set that we are working on now. I'm a soccer jerseys.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I'm really looking forward to I think those are gonna be super cool.

Denis Lelic: yeah, especially nobody's gonna play soccer and

Zach Horn: now we have to start the costly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah exactly web 3 League.

Zach Horn: Yeah, that's right.

Denis Lelic: Go.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, so thanks For the compliment, I guess on the product side. So we'll do a complete overhaul of the Akash shop where we're gonna present new products new designs and so on and so stay cool so I think we are pretty much. Done for today also On the time side. It looks like we're approaching the end of this meeting. So thanks everyone for joining today. Feel free to DM me as I said many many times for everything design related on Discord. Otherwise, we'll see each other here next month.

00:35:00

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Zach Horn: Sounds great. Thanks guys. Take care.

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Have a good day. Bye.

Ansh Saxena: And my mind is being very helpful to me as well.

Meeting ended after 00:36:22 ðŸ‘‹

