# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #17

## Agenda
- Welcome and Introduction
- Updates from Denis Lelic
- Follow-up from Akash Accelerate
- Need for Additional Design Support
- Website Overhaul and New Features
- Content Contributions
- Project Management and Deliverables
- Open Discussion and Q&A

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, June 12, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ifqou2kkf6gqtmise2kelunxe2wc4xrcssgptlx3oh25flm7tcea.arweave.net/QWDqaUovjQmxEiaURdG3JqwuXiKUjPmu-3H10q2fmIg)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Gabriel ReyesOrdeix
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes

**Welcome and Introduction:**  
- Tyler Wright welcomed attendees to the monthly SIG design meeting.
- Overview of the meetingâ€™s focus on visual communications, swag, merch design, and marketing materials.

**Updates from Denis Lelic:**  
- Denis provided updates on current design projects.
- Emphasis on the need for additional design support.
- Discussion of efforts around the Akash Accelerate event.

**Follow-up from Akash Accelerate:**  
- Introduction of new t-shirts, stickers, backpacks, and other swag at the event.
- Plans to create a dedicated swag page on the Akash website for better representation and launch planning.

**Need for Additional Design Support:**  
- Tyler highlighted the need for community support to assist Denis.
- Encouragement for community members to get involved in various design and marketing activities.

**Website Overhaul and New Features:**  
- Denis discussed plans to redesign the providers page for a unified experience.
- Proposal to create a unified pricing page to compare Akash costs with other providers.
- Pending redesign of the Community page due to time constraints.
- Recap of work done for Akash Accelerate, including venue branding, giveaways, and a landing page.
- Post-event focus on editing and rolling out video clips from the event sessions.
- Acknowledgment of Gabrielâ€™s portfolio and his potential contributions to various design tasks.
- Mention of product design work related to the merger between Cloudmos and Console, aiming for a seamless user experience with new features in the pipeline.

**Content Contributions:**  
- Zach joined the meeting and discussed content contributions.
- Emphasis on technical blogs, use cases, and case studies.
- Encouragement for community members to contribute written content via the community contributions page or the website.
- Discussion about the brand guide availability for Gabriel and other contributors, with Denis mentioning the basic brand guide available in the footer section of the website.

**Project Management and Deliverables:**  
- Gabriel inquired about the list of deliverables and the organizational structure for project management.
- Denis clarified that needs vary based on events and other requirements, such as graphics for social media and swag for upcoming events like ETHCC in Brussels.
- Tyler explained the process: specific items are documented in GitHub issues, discussed in Discord, and assigned based on availability and deadlines.
- The structure is flexible, accommodating quick turnarounds and allowing for creative contributions.
- Emphasis on a collaborative approach with contributors discussing and deciding on tasks in a democratic manner.

**Open Discussion and Q&A:**  
- Gabriel expressed understanding and readiness to work within the provided structure.
- Tyler and Denis reiterated the importance of GitHub and Discord for project coordination.
- Encouragement for Gabriel to get involved and help scale contributions as the community grows.
- Gabriel clarified his expertise in branding and editorial design, stating he is less interested in web design and video.
- Tyler suggested Gabriel take a look at the marketing repo for ideas and contribute his own suggestions.

**Closing Remarks:**  
- Denis invited Gabriel to connect on Discord for further discussion and to set up a separate meeting if needed.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of community involvement and encouraged Gabriel to bring in any friends or colleagues who might be interested in contributing to Akash.

### Action Items
**Denis Lelic:**  
- Follow up on creating a dedicated swag page on the Akash website.
- Coordinate with Gabriel on upcoming design tasks and clarify any additional questions on Discord.
- Ensure the updated brand guide is accessible to contributors.

**Tyler Wright:**  
- Document specific marketing and design needs in GitHub issues for better project management.

**Gabriel ReyesOrdeix:**  
- Connect with Denis on Discord and set up a meeting if needed.
- Review the marketing repo and contribute suggestions for new projects.
- Consider inviting other potential contributors to join the community efforts.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to Sig design monthly meeting for It's June 12 2024 during the special interest group for design the Akash Community gets together to discuss all things related to Visual Communications swag Merc design marketing materials Etc. There's been a number of people that have helped support specific swag ideas and brought those live to the store. There's people that have helped with marketing materials that have gone on in real life events and Beyond Denis here is the head of design at overclock labs and has been leading this group and has been again doing a fair amount of design up to this point with support from the community.

Tyler Wright: Denis has a number of items that he's been working on that. I think he'll share or at least get some progress on today as well as follow-up from Acosta accelerate where there was a number of marketing materials and swagged I think has been shown during steering committee and other meetings.

Tyler Wright: One action item that I want to bring up is again with denis' time only having 24 hours like the rest of us and there's a number of things that Denis works on across marketing across design as well as across product design for console and other products there was an effort to try to trap Denis in a closet and make him work 24 hours a day his family got in the way and so there's a desire to get some additional support from the community, paid in akt to help with marketing materials, whether it be again in swag social media assets other marketing materials in real life events and digital events. So again, if anybody has any desire to get more involved in the cash and has the background and graphic design or Visual Communications, whether it be animation again, a graphic design or elsewhere there are brand.

Tyler Wright: Isability we use these meetings as well as conversations in Discord to hopefully bring on some more folks that can help out with some of those Endeavors. So I just wanted to drop that line out there. I think put a message in chat and Gabriel who's on the calls alreadyâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Thanks, Tyler,â€¦

Tyler Wright: but summoned by Robert Delray Shadow Robert Delray,â€¦

Denis Lelic: welcome to Sikh design from my andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: but again looking for folks that want to get more involved andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: as well, so just to cover a couple of touch points from our previous sessions.

Tyler Wright: earn some akt to help with marketing materials and other design deliverables in support of Denis andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: So as Tyler mentioned we've Tried to overhaul the whole Akash swag.

Tyler Wright: other members of the community. Without further Ado. I'll kick it over to Dennis to seeâ€¦

Denis Lelic: So if anyone was at Akash accelerated in Austin through three weeks ago.

Tyler Wright: if there's anything that he wants to discuss or if there's any question and then we can talk about any questions beyond that. So Denis feel free to take it away.

Denis Lelic: You probably saw a bunch of new t-shirts stickers.

Denis Lelic: Backpacks, so there was plenty of new items. and of course one of the

Denis Lelic: Touchpoints we want to overhaul. Is this what SWAG and the swag

Denis Lelic: page on the network website. So at the moment we only have a button which leads to our Akash shop, but I feel we could do a dedicated page just to have a better representation of all the swag items out there and all the swag items. We're planning to Launch. So yeah.

Denis Lelic: Touched the website a little bit. So there's a plenty of new. Issues created there. So besides and having a dedicated swag page. I think we have to rethink and redesign the providers page. We talked about it during the website meetings, and there's another one happening tomorrow so we can continue that because discussion there. so just basically have a unified. providers page where we could talk about all the stats about it like the network capacity and so on because also list all the providers there.

00:05:00

Denis Lelic: all of these Are already alive we just have to make sure. We bring them together. So it's kind of unified experience for providers and it's going to be easier to grasp all this data and information for the users again. Another thing we could rethink and redesign would be the pricing page. Now we have pricing in two different locations one was just like a dedicated pricing page where you can calculate the cost of bringing your deployments to a cash. But then later on we added GPU pricing. So I was just thinking having one unified page where users could easily switch and compare.

Denis Lelic: between different providers meaning if you want to calculate your cost and compare them to AVS Google Microsoft and there should be an easy switch where users could just have a look at the gpus and GPU listings and GPU price. pricing

Denis Lelic: one additional point on the website would be the Community page. That's something Tyler has a brought up multiple times, but unfortunately we didn't add time to tackle this issue. So

Denis Lelic: But hopefully soon trademark

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there was plenty of work done. and the last month especially around accelerate so there was plenty of Touch points we had to create From the venue branding to all the giveaways. We had a landing page on the website as well. And now after the accelerate we wrapped it up. which means we have to On the business side. Everyone has to take care of the lead and on the marketing side and the design side we have to take care of mostly videos. So the whole stream was about seven hours long, so we chopped it up bring it down to four hours and now we're rolling out all the clips.

Denis Lelic: For each session. So anyone who's interested can just have a look at one presentation or panel or Q&A and so on. so

Denis Lelic: Yeah as Tyler mentioned. I just want to welcome Gabriel again for being here. Thanks for sharing your portfolio. So as Tyler mentioned we were looking at bringing someone who's gonna help us out in creating. different kind of Graphics basically everything design related that comes in so It's not going to be like one alley. design, there's gonna be plenty of different kind of designs coming, so from video to social media Graphics blog graphics infographics.

Denis Lelic: So what else do we have? We have website, of course as I've mentioned so and again. as Tyler mentioned I'm planning to work a bit more on the product side as most of community members are aware a merger happened in the background between Cloud modes and console and we had a new addition of Prater apps which we're just gonna try to unify. all that product experience to make it feel like

Denis Lelic: seamless and hopefully easy to use for our users next to that. There's plenty of new features in the pipeline like credit card payments adding new templates or redefining the flow of the whole app. So there's going to be plenty of work there.

00:10:00

Denis Lelic: from a very high level. I think I covered pretty much everything. we're planning to do and some of the stuff we did in the past month.

Denis Lelic: Ty do you want to add anything here? I know Zach's not around but maybe something on the content side because usually on sick design we cover content as well.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I know that there's a couple of blogs that have gone out recently. There are a number of teams that are developing content materials like written content. And I know that Zach is always looking for Content contributions. So folks that confined specific ways to contribute to writing blogs. I think it's less so about high level what a cost does. I think there's been a number of pieces to this point that cover that but really some deep dies and how people are using Akash technical Again contributions whether it be to the docs or just again pieces that showcase different use cases case studies all that kind of stuff if anybody wants to contribute in that way. There's a number of ways to contribute both on the community contributions page as well as more formally on the website.

Tyler Wright: Denis one thing I want to see and I was looking for very briefly. But do you have a brand guide that's available that we can drop in the chat for Gabriel

Denis Lelic: Yeah, there's one in the footer section. It's called Brandon press and there's download logo kit since the last brand guide with updated couple of things. So. In this logo kit, there's just basic information included.

Denis Lelic: which all everyone who's willing to work on Akash as a brand there's basic information there basically logo set and I think it's enough for everyone to get started and totally depends. what the task is looking from designer, but

Denis Lelic: I think it's a good starting point.

Tyler Wright: Excellent, and then I would also reference a number of the touch points that you can see on social media really like even some of the banners that you see for the special interest groups in working groups about, tight faces and other elements of style that are used across the brand. So if anybody has any questions Gabriel, if you have any specific questions again, feel free to drop those in sick design or you can ping Denis and I Denis I privately but don't feel like anything's off limits andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah, yeah, that's true. I mean as I said in this page here,â€¦

Tyler Wright: questions. I know Dennis is done a great job of establishing and continuing to develop a brand around Akash,â€¦

Denis Lelic: there's basing basic components of Akash as a brandâ€¦

Tyler Wright: I think is professional very very clean andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: but there's some wiggle room where designers can have Some creative canvas to express themselves,â€¦

Tyler Wright: fairly modern. But again, there is still at the part of brand elements and Denis correct me from wrong, but there is still room andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: but of course they need to consider.

Tyler Wright: Holiday for elements of style from different designers.

Denis Lelic: a communicated Akash as a brand andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: That's Again Play up some of the structure that's already in the brand but They're still creative elements,â€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: in a cohesive manner,â€¦

Denis Lelic: so we're just trying to make sure that

Tyler Wright: and in coordination with a lot of structure as well.

Denis Lelic: there's a red line between all different touch points that are produced from our side Red Line meaning. I'm not sure if that's used in English.

00:15:00

Denis Lelic: I helped me out. What was the way is that something that's been used in English like red line meaning all the touch points are kind of connecting and unified brand experience. Maybe that's the better expression. yeah.

Tyler Wright: I don't know the red line expression that context but I like it, but I think it makes sense a lot of sense.

Denis Lelic: So yeah. Yeah. yeah doesn't matter who works on what item it at the end of the day should somehow feel connected and that it's coming from

Denis Lelic: one brand Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Denis Lelic: get Gabriel. Go ahead.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Okay, so I do have a question. Do you have a list of needs slash deliverables that you're looking for or is this effort is it left to whatever the designer wants to contribute with? Zach I fromâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah on.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: what I'm hearing there are a lot of needs in even different disciplines video or video editing Graphic Signs Stills social media content Etc. So can you clarify a little bit on what exactly your meeting contributions with?

Denis Lelic: Yeah on the marketing side everything. Happens sometimes quite fast. So totally depends on the events and stuff that's happening. So let's say there's ease CC happening in one month in Brussels, which means we would need graphics. for social media, And graphics for side events that are happening at the same time and along with that. We always have to think about what team is going to bring with them in what kind of merch so what kind of Swag are they bringing with them and we have to design all of those and

Denis Lelic: the end of or the video part it's not that specific per event, but it's more like

Denis Lelic: editing a video for a guide and stuff like that. So We don't usually record all the events in only happened at our own event for Akash accelerate. but it's always great if one person can handle. Just multiple disciplines at the same time. So we don't have to switch between two three people.

Tyler Wright: Gabriel this for also from a structural standpoint. What we'll do a better job of is putting all the issues as with specific and specs in marketing and GitHub. It's like a public place to put those in will drop those inside of Discord so we can talk about them at a high level of Discord, but really probably be best to drop information inside the GitHub issues if you're familiar with that little structure and again, But the idea is as Denis mentioned there might be specific items that are needed for specific events, like leading up into Brussels. There's number side events and we need

Tyler Wright: Six different Graphics leading up to and then we'll put a speck in there. We'll drop it in there. We'll see if you have time and then we'll put a deadline around it how long it'll take you and we just move as quickly as possible because sometimes these have a quick turnaround. There might be other times where you're like, hey, I think that we should do some more videos for this kind of audience and then you can just create or hey, I saw some really cool swag. I want to add some items to the Akash store that I know some people would like really like to wear so it's a combination of deliverables that might be time-based versus more ended creative ideas that you can explore.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: That's what I was referring to. maybe a better way of The question I asked is what does the organizational structure looks like with regards to project management? Because I'm starting in zero today today is zero for me. So I want to know how does the team contributors looks like and who gets how quick a turnaround are projects so that helps I'll look into the GitHub.

00:20:00

Tyler Wright: Yeah, and again, there's been an Howie it has to store historically happened is there's been a number of contributors that have been involved at various points depending on their availability with their day job or if they're in between gigs that have had more time and a lot of those conversations have happened in Discord as we look to get more contributions. The idea is again, there will be a contribution might come from overclock Labs might come from a conversation from the Community member might be something you evaluate. The first order of business is to create an issue inside of

Tyler Wright: GitHub we'll talk about a live if there's not enough time then we'll drop that issue and Discord and we could talk about an async and be like, hey, I think it's really important. This is why I think it's really important or hey, this is something that's needed and there's a specific spec around it. Once that's spec is determined. What if it's coming from overclock Labs. There will be a deadline on it. And if that's something that you can meet you can say hey, this is something that I will look like I like to take and then once you take it then we'll just coordinate with you. either async or we can set up some time to talk a lot to just make sure that everything is line in the right format in the right,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Yeah a good point. if you're like coming from an agency orâ€¦

Tyler Wright: sizing Etc to be delivered andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: something like design agency or marketing agency the structure here is a bit different.

Tyler Wright: then again, if you don't want to take it there might be another Community member say,â€¦

Denis Lelic: So there's a project manager would usually reach out andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: hey, I have the time and availability to take it and we'll kind of work as Democratic group to kind of determineâ€¦

Denis Lelic: brief you about things and here are the deliverables andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: who should takeâ€¦

Denis Lelic: here's the deadline so pretty much everything works through GitHub is Tyler mentioned so It's a bit bit of a different structure than usually is in the design world.

Tyler Wright: what if we get to the point where there's 15 people trying to go for the same issue, which is a good problem to have then we'll determine a little bit better structure. But right now we've had One person here, maybe two or three people here that are contributed one-off thing.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Yeah, I understand.

Tyler Wright: So this is something that we're looking to grow andâ€¦

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: I am I've worked in the sign agencies,â€¦

Tyler Wright: evolve and you can help us do that as it continues to scale with more creative contributors.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: but I am not coming from design agency. So I have worked quite a bit within the crypto industry. So I'm familiar with GitHub and Discord as the platforms for project requests. So I just wanted to understand the way this particular. project Works Thank you for clarifying.

Denis Lelic: Hey Zach. Thanks for joining. So we just covered a couple of design related things anything you would want to talk about on the content side.

Zach Horn: Hey, yeah, so sorry guys. I was jumping over from another meeting. No, there's nothing pressing on content nice to meet you. I caught the cut the tail end of the conversation. nothing.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: likewise

Zach Horn: Nothing pressing on my side anything else Denis from a Content design standpoint?

Denis Lelic: I think not really. Yeah, pretty much everything is covered. So

Denis Lelic: we only had a couple of contributions in the previous month or a month before that. On the blog, but hopefully we'll see more in the future.

Zach Horn: most definitely

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. Gabriel you can.

Denis Lelic: D and me or send a friend request on Discord so we can have a conversation there. We can also set up a separate meeting if you want to talk about anything. Just unrelated.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: first thing that will do right away.

Denis Lelic: Okay. cool

Tyler Wright: And I'll start to drop a couple of ideas in the marketing repo in the issues for some things that I know have been requested by different members to overclock Labs team on behalf of the community just to have a criteria. But again Gabriel as you start to do a little bit auditing exploring before connecting more with Denis, feel free to suggest anything and add an issues there one other element and again, this will be more of a collective but we'll lean on Denis just because he's done a great job of developing the visual components of the brand is from a creative Direction standpoint again, we try to have guidelines, but I think we'll try to be as Democratic with maybe Denis having the final Hammer if you got to the point of whether we want to move forward with something that might be the only caveat that might be a little bit different than traditional.

00:25:00

Tyler Wright: Like agencies or organizations, but that's how we'll try to do it. all of us are Critical thinkers and receptive to constructive feedback. So it should be fairly open and constructive if designs maybe aren't quite where they need to be yet, and we can just talk about that as a group but maybe have Denis have the final say during these Sig design meetings.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. I agree. I mean everyone can. bring

Denis Lelic: their own ideas, but we're going to try try to kind of keep it I know Zach is sometimes the brand Shepherd as well so I know he's gonna Have some thoughts there as well, which are welcome. Of course.

Zach Horn: It seems like every week I get a new title. I got in content King. What was this one brand Shepherd my business.

Denis Lelic: brand Shepherd

Zach Horn: I'm gonna need extended length the business cards.

Denis Lelic: You can just have a whole set with just different titles.

Zach Horn: But that's Yeah, we'll do a mix, random for each person.

Tyler Wright: All right, you just like a bookmark. It just like is a long long-ass card. she can't even want.

Zach Horn: It's funny.

Denis Lelic: a flyer basically

Tyler Wright: exactly Gabriel and

Zach Horn: Have arrived you have your own custom. Collateral for your business card flyers andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: or just a Roll-Up.

Zach Horn: there's and all that.

Zach Horn: exactly

Tyler Wright: This is scroll. He just unwinds it.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Zach Horn: very cool

Denis Lelic: we covered everything for today I think so it might be time to wrap it up. So Gabriel, I'll talk to you on Discord and thanks again for joining and I'll see you in a month or if you're interested and web design. And website so our cars.network there's another meaning a meeting happening tomorrow. So feel free to join.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I was going to say. Okay.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: I am not interested in that.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Honestly not and maybe I can provide a little bit of background but the areas in which I feel more comfortable with are branding and editorial but web design and video either or animation. So I'm sorry I can't help with that.

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: But I'm eager to contribute. I really believe in Akash as a project. And as a designer, I want to put whatever I can to help so I'm eager to contribute.

Denis Lelic: Good to know and thanks for clarifying. I think it's To know what people are interested in and of course. It's good. You're pursuing that direction.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Yeah, good.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: You can take a look at my portfolio that's not everything I've done but it's a little bit of how my stuff looks like. But thank you.

Denis Lelic: cool

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Thank you for the opportunity.

Tyler Wright: No, thank you Gabriel.

Denis Lelic: first major

Tyler Wright: And again, you have friends that are doing content to to write or to do video. I know we already put Robert to work as well. He's a great member of the Akash community and he does a number of things. So if you have anybody else that is top of mind that you can think of that would be a great addition to helping with content. Feel free to send them to me or just send them to Sig design and we can just get to know them a little bit more and connect with them.

00:30:00

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: I will always think about it.

Denis Lelic: Cool Thanks for joining again, and we'll see each other soon.

Gabriel ReyesOrdeix: Okay. Bye.

Denis Lelic: Bye. Thank you.

Zach Horn: to address

Tyler Wright: maybe but

Meeting ended after 00:30:36 ðŸ‘‹

