# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #20

## Agenda
- Review of ongoing design projects
- Discussion of Akash website updates and issues
- Product design advancements for Akash Console
- Merchandise and giveaways for events
- Working group for YouTube content creation
- Akash Shopify store and potential expansion to other platforms

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, August 20, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://t3sgdqvogazfp5dgoxojhngj43wccndepjg5f7ajo35y5h4z32oq.arweave.net/nuRhwq4wMlf0ZnXck7TJ5uwhNGR6TdL8CXb7jp-Z3p0)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- B S
- Denis Lelic
- James Kano
- Marian Gheata
- oo o (Oakley)
- Oyase
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright
- ‚ª≤‰∫∫Â∞è Ê≤≥


## **Meeting Notes**

- **Review of Ongoing Design Projects:**
  - Denis Lelic welcomed everyone and provided an overview of the meeting's purpose.
  - The group discussed the ongoing design initiatives, focusing on the improvements and updates made in the past month.

- **Akash Website Updates:**
  - Denis Lelic mentioned the creation of several issues related to the Akash website on GitHub.
  - Key areas of focus include the pricing page, where users will have a unified experience for GPU pricing and usage calculators.
  - The group is working on a new menu experience to enhance user navigation.

- **Product Design Advancements for Akash Console:**
  - Denis Lelic shared updates on product design advancements for the Akash Console, an open-source deployment tool.
  - Credit card payments are being integrated, along with new features from the Praetor app.
  - Shared product and engineering [roadmaps](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/projects/) for more detailed information on upcoming features.
  - The goal is to create a comprehensive tool for users to provide compute and deploy on the platform.

- **Upcoming Events:**
  - Denis Lelic highlighted several upcoming events in September and October, with the Akash community involved in designing booths, giveaways, and merchandise.
  - Tyler Wright suggested ideas for new event giveaways, such as trucker hats and specific gifts for token249, like moon cakes.

- **Merchandise and Giveaways for Events:**
  - The group discussed the types of Akash-branded merchandise available, including shirts, hats, and pins.
  - Tyler Wright encouraged contributions to the Shopify store, noting that it serves as a marketing tool with profits directed to the community pool if any arise.

- **Working Group for YouTube Content Creation:**
  - Robert Del Rey provided updates on the YouTube working group, including the creation of short samples and responding to comments on the YouTube channel.
  - The group is working on uploading steering committee call videos with proper branding and thumbnails, with assistance from other members like B S and Oakley.
  - Robert encouraged members to join the working group if interested in video editing, creating thumbnails, or other content-related tasks.
  - Denis Lelic [shared a link](https://akash.network/brand/resources/) to the Akash logo kit for those needing brand assets for video production.
  - Denis addressed the distribution of an open-source font used in the videos, ensuring no license violations. A [download link](https://www.fontshare.com/) for the font was provided.\
  - A Canva project was created to collaborate on the graphics, which will be shared with Denis for feedback.
  - The group plans to finalize the graphics and upload the Steering Committee Calls videos once completed.

- **Akash Shopify Store and Potential Expansion:**
  - Tyler Wright reiterated that the items sold on the Shopify store are at cost, with any potential profits going to the community pool.
  - Oakley suggested expanding to platforms like Redbubble, which the group agreed to explore further.
  - Denis Lelic and Tyler Wright emphasized managing efforts and ensuring that community contributions align with Akash's overall goals.

- **Community Contributions and Opportunities:**
  - Tyler Wright highlighted ongoing community contributions, particularly in creating content for the Akash website and YouTube channel.
  - A new mission in Zealy will involve designing Akash-branded swag, with a reward of 15 AKT for selected designs.
  - Members were encouraged to participate in various working groups and contribute ideas for future initiatives.

- **Recaps of SIGs Content:**
  - Tyler Wright introduced the idea of creating recaps for the Special Interest Groups (SIGs) on a weekly or monthly basis. B S has been assisting with this effort.
  - The recaps will be hosted on the Akash website as blog posts, summarizing key activities in SIGs and working groups, with links to notes and a look ahead.

- **Akash Zealy Missions:**
  - Robert Del Rey announced a mission on Akash Zealy related to the SIG Design call. The secret word for the mission is "SWAG."
  - Robert also discussed an upcoming mission for designing Akash swag, where community members can submit designs for the Akash shop. The mission will be part of Sprint 2, and selected designs will be rewarded with 15 AKT.

## **Action Items**
- Oakley will explore and potentially test Redbubble for Akash merchandise, with findings to be reported in the next meeting.
- Attendees are encouraged to engage with Akash Zealy missions, including the secret word "SWAG" and upcoming swag design missions.
- Community members are invited to participate in the upcoming mission on Zealy to design Akash-branded swag, with a reward of 15 AKT for selected designs.
- Members interested in frontend development or design are encouraged to join the Akash website working group meeting on Thursday.
- B S to continue developing recaps for SIGs, with feedback from Tyler Wright, and publish them as blog posts on the Akash website.

# **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's Sikh design meeting. As usual we meet on a monthly basis where we discuss everything design related and sometimes we even touch topics such as content creation and so on and so on. So I'm glad. Some new community members are joining so welcome if you're here for the first time. I'll just get us. Going and maybe we cover some of the stuff we've done in the past month So maybe we start with.

Denis Lelic: So for those of you who are attending working group for a cash website. There was a lot of issues created. I'll just drop a link from our GitHub. Website report here in the chat section. So there was a lot of shoes created which is good. I think everyone is just trying to evolve the website improved the experience. So we're trying to work on several areas.

Denis Lelic: just to highlight a few maybe pricing page where we're gonna offer one unified experience on one single page where users could switch between GPU pricing usage calculator and if a user decides they want to Contribute compute they can also calculate how much would they earn?

Denis Lelic: Maybe the next one I think. That's gonna have a positive impact and it's gonna improve the user experience is probably the new menu experience. So you can just go through some of these issues and of course if you're interested in any way of contributing just drop a comment there and will connect offline

Denis Lelic: Let's Yeah, the next topic would be maybe product design. So on the product side. We're making some advancements on. A cash console for those of you that are maybe new or not aware of it. It's like deployment tool.

Denis Lelic: Which is also open source. So everyone. Can you just give me a second? I'll share Maybe.

Denis Lelic: Product and Engineering roadmaps, you can see what's happening in more detail right here in this link that I dropped in the comment section. So yeah, we're working on a bunch of stuff on that front. Credit card payments are on the way. There's gonna be

Denis Lelic: some new features added and the app is gonna grow. So we're looking to add some of the functionalities from the Prater app. and I believe this is gonna

Denis Lelic: Be a great way for users to have one tool. So either provide compute and on the other side they can deploy.

Denis Lelic: Yes, and Tyler just mentioned. So anyone interested in having a more detailed. Walkthrough you can join sick clients later today.

Denis Lelic: Okay, moving forward. There's a lot of events happening in the next couple of months. So in September and October, there are covered a couple of them. Maybe I'll just share.

Denis Lelic: So here's the Community page from our website and hear all the upcoming events. You can find the link in the chat section. Yeah, so on the event side we try to support all the community members in core team members that are attending these events. so we've been involved I can designing booths giveaways like stickers. and merge and so on and so on and


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: yeah. That's it from the event side.

Denis Lelic: Yeah talking about Merchant and all the giveaways. Yeah, Tyler you want to say something about the events?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I just want to throw out some ideas, obviously in the past we've had shirts socks pins and some of those things that have been given away at events insiders have worn and they seem to have gotten a lot of positive response at the most recent event in Buenos Aires for Cosmo verse that just happened. It seemed like there's some trucker hats the cash made obviously all this stuff is in the vein of just continuing to spread awareness around Akash what it is how people can use it one of the things that some people from overclock as well. As some people in the community have talked about is potentially specific gifts for token 249 because I think that's a special period so they were talking about many moon cakes for some events happening there. I know that there's a booth happening Atoka 24:9 a hacker house. I think some VIP events as well. So there's

Tyler Wright: Is around very specific products that again can be a cost-branded and given a way to folks as Denis mentioned. If anybody has an ideas about products that they think should be added to the Shopify store. That's an effort that's ongoing and we talk about here, obviously the shop data cost.network stories quite basic, obviously much of the group is focused on building a blockchain and a core product and permissionless decentralized Marketplace for compute. But again, as a part of Sig design, there are opportunities to help out with the website, whether it be pitching ideas of our student at the shop pitching ideas of products that you want to be added that you think should be a class branded or the layout of the shop, all ideas are welcome and

Tyler Wright: recommended and again, it's Denis mentioned for those that want to participate in creating content whether it be videos Graphics Shopify helping out with some of the working groups like The working group for the class YouTube. They're working group for the college website. There are again opportunities to contribute and earn akt, so we're always looking for folks that want to contribute.

Denis Lelic: Thanks Yeah, I just shared the link from Swag shop data network. Feel free to check it out, but hopefully in the next week's. We're going to try to make this a little better experience and with some new Place there as well. Yes. I am. Not sure if you talked about the newly formed working group for YouTube. So it was set up I think two or three weeks ago, Robert's has been pretty much involved there. Fortunately. I couldn't make it to some of these meetings. I had a conflict.

Denis Lelic: Robert if you're able to talk feel free, so otherwise I'll just give

Denis Lelic: a call to action for everyone who's interested in any kind of possible videos out there like shorts and long form or editing or creating thumbnails, please join that working group. What's up? Yes, Robert. Go ahead.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you is. So in today's call we basically recup. What we did last week.

Robert Del Rey: We have spoke about the short samples. we showcase one the participants in the call. let me look for the notes happy We also talk about responding comments in the YouTube channel.

Robert Del Rey: and yeah, basically, the one thing that was not completed was overloading the steering Comedy Calls videos into the YouTube channel. We wanted to add an opening a screen and a closing screen along with Brandon thumbnail before uploading those videos.


### 00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: The main reason why it's because you cannot edit a video Once you upload it. So the video has to be ready before upload the video. And I really wanted to follow up on that b s I believe he's in the call and also Oakley they both offer to help out with this Graphics. So then I know sometimes you have lots of stuff going on your side and I want to let you know that we have people here ready to support you with a graphics. What I would thinking is that they could get some draft going and show them with you for your feedback. I created a kamba project. I share that with BS and we are.

Robert Del Rey: Together in that project so we can share the link with you as well and you can see the changes there or maybe we can share that in the cash YouTube channel or in The Design Channel, whatever Channel you prefer. Yeah, so once we have those Graphics already we can set uploading the informally calls star shipping out how the videos will look.

Robert Del Rey: Around it doesn't all make sense.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, That sounds good. And I'm happy that group is growing and there's interest in contributing for anyone who might need a cash brand assets. I'm just gonna share here link where you can download logo kit so you can find everything there.

Denis Lelic: So feel free to play around with it, and I'm also available on Discord if you need anything.

Denis Lelic: Just like a feedback or if you need any additional assets. Feel free to DM me or just drop it in the channel sick design.

Denis Lelic: Yes, I don't know. Who's first Robert or Tyler. Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: No, Robert was first Robert goes.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, the reason it's why it's not added is I would just like to Distributing that font it's open source. I'll share it here. So if I believe in that kid, there's also a manual Which font is used and you can just download it here fawnshare.com. Yeah, and as I said, I just wanted to avoid any conflict with foreign chair team, even though it's open source. I just thought it would be more safer not to include it there. So we wouldn't violate any of their licenses.

Denis Lelic: Or you can download it here. I provided Link in the chat section. Tyler

Tyler Wright: Yeah, the one thing I want to add. I'm not really sure if we talked about it at I think design quite yet, but

Tyler Wright: be maybe we have but b s at another down team has been helping out and I owe him some feedback, but he's been helping out to create basically Recaps of the cigs on a monthly slash weekly basis. We're figuring out the Cadence. Now those ideally should be needed via the website. So again, as blogs that can kind of recap for folks what's been going on the six in the working group front a paragraph on each with some of the highlights with links to the notes and maybe even sometimes a look ahead. So I want to shout out the work that he's continuing to do. I think it'll be very impactful for folks. I know everyone here is busy but folks have showed a desire to help contribute and obviously the only way that a class will grow to where we all wanted to go is he is by getting contrib


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: from a number of different kinds of people. So just look out for blogs. Hopefully coming soon. I think he'll ask some more questions either to piyush or come to the working group session and look out for those soon. If anybody else wants to contribute again, whether it be video or other kinds of content, please feel free to reach out. There's plenty of opportunities.

Denis Lelic: Thank you time. So yeah, we covered a lot of stuff that's been done. I think all of these initiatives are just continue to work on in the next month or so.

Denis Lelic: But I would like to. Just open the floor if anyone has any questions anything, maybe you want to start working on maybe you want to create a new initiative.

Denis Lelic: Feel free to talk now or you can always as I said DME or just drop your ideas in this Design Channel.

Denis Lelic: Okay, cool. I just see a lot of claps. I guess you support all the initiatives that are happening currently there is many but

Denis Lelic: Hi. Did you want it to say anything else? Did you had anything else to discuss?

Denis Lelic: Thank you Agree on everything. So anyone who's Feel free to join the meetings. I can also share. I'm not sure if I shared it, but I will now the community calendar where you can subscribe and

Denis Lelic: you won't miss any of the future meetings. Just give me one second to

Robert Del Rey: Ahead and share the secret word for the sick design called mission in a cash ceiling. Their cash series support all we have missions to engage with the cash community and new members and one of those missions is attending to this type of calls. so the secret word for this particular call it's going to be swag As w a g assassin said obvious and whiskey as in Alpha and G as in golf swag, that's the secret word for this or you can put it in now or when you listen to the recording of this call.


### 00:20:00

Robert Del Rey: In another topic. it's related to see you guys attending this call. You will get the alpha. We actually are working on a mission. I will take over the screen if you don't mind this. We're working on a mission. About designing a cash swag for the Akash shop. This Niche is going to be available in the Sprint number two and using my screen. Yeah, I believe you can.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, So this Mission we plan to launch it on a Sprint number two, it's their cash slog designer as you can see we want people to create Unique Designs that can be used by their cash community and either to use one of your designs Denis as an example here. I hope you don't mind and there are also resources where people can go for example, they can get the same thing that you share for the brand assets. It's right here. and the price for each selected winners gonna be 15 akd this can be discussed. But at the moment this is how it's looking right now and to release this on a screen number two and hopefully get The best designs that we can from the cash community and reward them for it. So I'm just gonna drop that offer here in the Channel with you. And yeah.

Robert Del Rey: that's only guys that's

Denis Lelic: Go ahead.

Tyler Wright: So one quick caller on the record anybody who wants to participate with the shop, right now the items are sold at cost. So nobody's making any profit the idea is that if there were ever profits from any of the products sold to the Shopify store. They would just go to the community pool. So just putting that out there on the record. I think that's mention that number of times but always want to clarify why the shop store exists again as a awareness and marketing tool and then where the funds go from the Shopify store. So just putting that on the record again.

Denis Lelic: Thank you someone raised their hand, but I can see and‚Ä¶

oo o: Yeah, that was me.

Denis Lelic: I go ahead please.

oo o: yeah about the shop that Tyler just spoke about I know if you have seen swag on Redbubble and similar size before us and is there anything that's stopping a cat from also displaying the Swag there in places like that.

Denis Lelic: Then you drop the link. Of the shop use just mentioned here in the chat section, please.

oo o: Redbubble One of those pop art sites here.

Denis Lelic: Okay, I got it here. Is that like?

oo o: yeah, essentially one of those sites where essentially you can find all sort of stuff, from your favorite TV show to just something with you whimsical? but I've actually seen a few startups t-shirts on it before

Denis Lelic: Yeah, it's something I guess we could. consider but as Tyler mentioned where not looking to create

Denis Lelic: to make profit out of the shop. It's more like support the community or anyone who's Interested in Akash and likes the design maybe in purchase it. But yeah, maybe we can consider this.

Denis Lelic: And we can drop a couple of designs here in the future. just to see


### 00:25:00

Denis Lelic: How it is going to go? What do you think time?

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would agree. I'm always down to try new things. The only thing that we're trying not to do is again, but because there's so many efforts around Sig design. We're just trying to manage our efforts. So if anybody here is I really think that this should be on Redbubble or any other platform then we can discuss it at one of these calls or maybe async and then go from there. I've seen Redbubble before I thought it was a site where it's kind of like Etsy where anybody can just throw up a design that's non-incorporated. if a member of the community didn't want to attend to Sig design, they could just make their own Akash merch and then throw it up on Redbubble. That's how I thought it was used. But again, I'm happy to continue to explore

oo o: I think a lot of it is like that‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Okay, Excellent.

oo o: but I've actually seen official Marvel and DC mark on it.

Tyler Wright: That's good to the only other thing I think about is the customer.

oo o: Yeah. Yeah.

oo o: Robert never,‚Ä¶

oo o: I've never put anything.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead. Sorry.

oo o: Okay, Yeah, Robert put up a question. He was asking if it cost anything how much it costs are your clothing? I've never actually put a design up on Redbubble. I'm mostly been a customer. never a seller. creator You may go gone.

Denis Lelic: Yeah. As Tyler mentioned maybe if you're interested, you can just give it a try see what happens and you can share.

Denis Lelic: Everything you found on in our next meeting.

oo o: over

Denis Lelic: cool okay guys, so

Denis Lelic: I think we've covered pretty much everything. I'm glad we had a couple of new discussions. Thanks, Robert and I can't see your name. There's just like two o's, so thank you. Double o

Robert Del Rey: let's hopefully

Denis Lelic: Oakley okay Oakley. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: but I think maybe you have this information. I'm not sure if working group for their cash website is happening this week on Thursday. So everyone is welcome to join. There's a lot of stuff happening there. So if you're interested in either front end development or you want to contribute as a designer, please for you free to join our next meeting sync design is gonna happen next week next month.

Denis Lelic: I hope we'll see each other. Next month as well. So thanks again for joining today and Have a great day.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you Denis.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

oo o: live long up

Robert Del Rey: I say everybody.

Denis Lelic: Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:28:36 üëã

