# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #23

## Agenda
- Discuss updates on Akash YouTube channel.
- Review ongoing projects related to branding, merchandise, and event designs.
- Updates on Akash website and documentation working group.
- Address pending items from previous meetings and upcoming plans for Akash Accelerate videos.
- Provide an open floor for participant contributions, feedback, and questions.

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, November 13, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://ji5fpsj5wsui75zccj6ndnhl56hsuy5ygdcwrq4swjapnxdry4dq.arweave.net/SjpXyT20qI_3IhJ80bTr748qY7gwxWjDkrJA9txxxwc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Denis Lelic
- Robert Del Rey
- Tomoyuki Yasukawa
- James
- B S

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and Context (Tyler Wright)
- Provided an overview of the SIG Design groupâ€™s responsibilities, including visual communication, marketing, content creation, and merchandise.
- Highlighted the oversight of the Akash YouTube channel and website working groups within SIG Design.
- Announced an upcoming website working group meeting scheduled for the following day to discuss Figma designs and content improvements.

### Updates on Akash YouTube Channel (Led by Robert Del Rey)
- Shared updates on completed work during phase one of YouTube channel improvements.
  - Reorganized content and removed outdated materials to enhance relevance.
  - Updated the introduction video to better align with current branding and focus areas like AI and machine learning.
  - Improved video descriptions with clear calls to action, relevant links, and a streamlined layout.
  - Created visually cohesive thumbnails that adhere to Akashâ€™s branding.
- Addressed the next steps for steering committee videos:
  - Discussed fade-in and fade-out adjustments for a polished viewer experience.
  - Proposed scheduling and progressively publishing these videos with a dedicated playlist.
- Acknowledged pending work on Akash Accelerate videos, including a recap video summarizing the event.

### Merchandise and Event Design Updates (Led by Denis Lelic)
- Reviewed the nearly completed Akash events calendar for 2024, with Neural IPS as the last scheduled event.
- Announced plans to update the Akash swag shop using Shopify templates for simplicity and efficiency.
  - Intend to add popular merch items showcased at events but currently unavailable in the shop.
- Highlighted the communityâ€™s positive response to event stickers, emphasizing plans to create unique designs for future events.
- Encouraged the community to contribute ideas and designs for upcoming merchandise.

### Branding and Website Updates (Led by Denis Lelic)
- Introduced recent changes to Akashâ€™s branding, including the adoption of new primary and secondary fonts (Intern and serif).
- Shared progress on updates to the branding manual, to be finalized and shared with contributors.
- Briefly discussed recent and upcoming improvements to the Akash Console, including:
  - New trial-to-credit card payment journey for users.
  - Enhanced deploy options, including GitHub integration.
  - Plans to design and integrate new icons for updated features.

### Community Engagement and Contributions (Tyler Wright and Denis Lelic)
- Recognized the communityâ€™s appreciation for Akashâ€™s merchandise and branding efforts, especially stickers.
- Encouraged community members to join the SIG Design group, contribute ideas, and participate in discussions.
- Noted potential collaboration with a team specializing in 2D and 3D animations for future visual projects.

### Closing Remarks
- Denis thanked participants for their positive feedback on recent merchandise efforts and expressed interest in continued collaboration on design projects.
- Tyler emphasized the importance of engaging more contributors to support ongoing design and branding initiatives.
- Participants were invited to the next working group meetings for further discussions on the Akash website and related projects.

## Action Items
- **Robert:**
  - Finalize and upload steering committee videos with appropriate edits.
  - Review and publish Akash Accelerate videos, including the recap video.
- **Merchandise and Branding:**
  - Denis to finalize Shopify template selection and share options for community feedback.
  - Update and share the Akash branding manual with contributors.
  - Plan new sticker designs and themes for future events.
- **Website Working Group:**
  - Discuss Figma designs and page adjustments in the next dayâ€™s meeting.
  - Collaborate on documentation and new website features.

# **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG design monthly meeting. It's November 13, 2024. During the special interest group for design, the group goes over all things related to visual communication and marketing on this group is a collection of members from the core team, the community that focus on again content creation both written and video content technical documentation. this special interest group oversees the work of the working group for the Akash YouTube channel as well as the working group for the Akash website and documentation. this special interest group for design also covers everything related to acos. network swag that goes out for different events, marketing materials that also go out for different events.

Tyler Wright: So again there's a number of communication touch points that get discussed during the special interest group for design. Please if there's anything that you want to talk about specifically for me again we have the working group for the Akash website and documentation tomorrow. I know there's a number of folks that participate there and there's going to be some Figma drawings coming soon that we either talk about here today or talk about tomorrow in terms of adjustments and improvements to pages on the website. but today again we just had a working group with the Kash YouTube channel.

Tyler Wright: I was specifically want to talk about some of the work that's happened in phase one around the class YouTube including the steering committee videos and see if we can get those listed and out of private status right now. I know that Dennis has also been working on a number of videos that are unlisted right now related to Akos Accelerate 2024 and so I wanted to make sure we can get those videos live. I would like to talk about the banner as it pertains to AOS YouTube.

Tyler Wright: I know we normally would talk about this during the working group session but some folks had some conflict and then after that if there's time I would love to just talk about a little bit more about the digest this is something that BS has been leading but I just want to figure out if there's any blockers or any issues so that we can get an initial PR out there that kind of goes through what's happening in the community as well as this working groups and stere and special interest group and steering committee on a monthly basis and again continue to fine-tune that piece of content from there. Again, if there's anything else that anybody wants to discuss, drop it in. But I'm going to hand over to Dennis because I know Dennis usually is a leader of this group as the head of product design at Overclock Labs.

Denis Lelic: Thanks, we pretty much talked through the whole intro that I usually do. so one thing I'm not sure if you covered which takes a lot of design resources or our events. this year was a busy year. So we only have one event to go that's neural IPS happening not sure end of the month or beginning of the December. so just like a final final countdown for the event side.

Denis Lelic: for those of you who are attending these meetings regularly, you probably see we've done a lot of different touch points pretty much everything that events require from booth designs and different materials like merge giveaways. I know Robert here was attending Cosmover, so you probably see some of the stuff that's been done. yeah, and as Tyler mentioned, tomorrow there's a website meeting happening. so I wouldn't take too much time today on that topic. We can go into details tomorrow.

Denis Lelic: but I think most of the group here is attending that meeting So I'll be happy to see you tomorrow as on the front for the shop.ac.network. I had a look at the Shopify templates. there are some possibilities with the free options. So we don't have to build anything custom. We're going to have a simple Shopify store. So I have my favorite. So I'm just going to share it either on probably Discord. And we'll see if anyone's interested to contribute there as well.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: We have a lot of merch items that are currently not listed in this current shop. So, I'm looking forward to include those that are often seen in the events but not available in the shop. and apologies for not attending the YouTube meeting. I had a conflict. but I just created a note for myself to deliver that banner and I know I owe you guys a lot of even feedback and stuff like that. So I'll make sure I'll be more involved in that group as well.

Denis Lelic: but if you guys want to talk about anything related, I know you just had a meeting. but if you want to say anything about YouTube, please feel free to. Yeah, Robert.

Robert Del Rey: Hi guys, I hope your day is going fine. It's the middle of the week, so yeah, I'm happy to talk a little bit about YouTube and how it's looking so far. I'm ready to share my screen, so I'm going to take over you, Dennis, if you don't mind. All right, thumbs That means Okay, I guess you should be able to see now the Aash YouTube channel homepage, right? This is how we're looking so far. So, in phase one, we mostly reorganize, the existing content. We also deleted some content that was either too outdated or showing people that no longer working in a cache.

Robert Del Rey: and yeah, we organized this based on the most recent content. We updated the introduction video. before it was a video on what is a cashache. It was like a three years old video and we updated it for this one is more recent. It's a Greg talk and Eric Borheis in the Akash accelerate. This is the thing that subscribers and nonsubscribers see when they visit the Aash YouTube channel. They have for you which is recommended content based on the person our popular these are the videos with the highest view counts. So I guess that's good and normal videos and the future These are videos in other YouTube channels that appear here in the Aash YouTube channel. some of them have a high view count like this one 13,000.

Robert Del Rey: this one 30,000 and yeah, so we updated also the intro it was only a paragraph but I decided to expand a little bit more about what is a cache, what it does. I tried to add a few keywords like AI machine learning and yeah I don't think of any other links that we're missing here. I guess we're pretty much set as far as this site goes. but we are missing only one thing in my opinion and it's an updated YouTube banner. So yeah that is one thing that I think we're missing. I don't know Dennis if you're working on something like that or maybe you prefer us or BS taking over this and just upload any banner that we come up with.

Robert Del Rey: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah. we can talk on Discord.

Denis Lelic: I'm not sure if usually have a group chat but we can put one together where we can just talk about YouTube.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I'll be happy to set up that group chat in Discord with us.

Robert Del Rey: And sorry,â€¦

Denis Lelic: Cool. Thank you. No, go ahead.

Robert Del Rey: you were sending this Okay.

Denis Lelic: Go ahead.

Robert Del Rey: And the second thing which I believe is the most critical what Tyler was talking about was our videos that we uploaded. Let me click on our videos here.


### 00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: So you can see we managed to upload most of the extering comedy call videos with the updated tailor descriptions based on what we spoke on the call. I took the transcripts and based on what we discuss in each of these calls I came up with the description for these videos of course with the help of AI to make it look better and also added some relevant links to more Aash resources.

Robert Del Rey: For example, I can open any of these videos and you will see a call to action. After the descript after the description, you will see Another call to action about deploying a cache and the link to a cache console and more ways to connect with a cache network. you see it says more about a cache and you see there's nothing below that but don't threat. the reason why it's that way is because when you leave it that way, YouTube adds some videos below this. So basically what people see is a description and below that they see more about a cache and they see three to four videos suggested to them in the description. if we add a link to a specific video, they will see a thumbnail for that specific video here.

Robert Del Rey: So, for now, I just decided to leave it empty and let YouTube do its magic. so, yeah, at the moment, all these videos are unlisted, meaning that only people with the link can see these videos. And I'm just here to ask you if we can go ahead and We can either go live now with everybody or we can schedule them and progressively publish these videos. whichever way do you prefer, guys? I'm down.

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I wasn't unfortunately involved in these meetings. So, I don't know what you guys have settled on. So, I'm just going to let you roll whatever you guys think is best. if you have any opinion, feel free to

Tyler Wright: I would like to move forward.

Tyler Wright: The only thing, Dennis, that I would like to get your quick look at is just to make sure that everything looks good from a fade in and fade out perspective. Everything else is just like the steering committee content.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: I would love to just upload all the videos and then figure out a cadence where we're just uploading the most recent steering committee maybe like five days or seven days or some period that's quite short after the steering committee meeting happens. So I would love to get these live andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: That's it.

Tyler Wright: in a playlist and then we can see if we need to make adjustments from there. I would love to have a steering committee playlist that's fairly high up on the homepage. and then even higher than that, and maybe we can discuss this next, Robert, is Dennis created a bunch of videos for Aos accelerate that I think are unlisted.

Robert Del Rey: 

Tyler Wright: But I would love to get those listed today as

Robert Del Rey: Sorry guys,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: I'm writing just to make sure I don't forget what you say about the steering call video playlist. about the fade in and fade out. Let me do a live demo right now so you can see how the videos look. and we can have Dennis blessing. So let me play real quick. It's a quick 5-second intro. Thanks BS for putting this together. And I edit it in a way that you Tai started speaking right away. usually there is some silence and I just cut that to all the videos to all the 20 student committee call videos.

Robert Del Rey: Also by the end even though we say goodbye it seems some people stay in the meeting after you end So usually the meeting could be 40 minutes but the recording would be 50 minutes. I also edited that dead error just to make sure that when you say we're done the call is done and one second we jump right into the fade out second and then we have the fade out after you take so yeah that's mostly it that and the thumbnails


### 00:15:00

Robert Del Rey: this is how the thumbnails look like. this is the design that we went with. We tried to imitate Dennis the best that we could. You see very big a sitting committee the number of the call I was trying to get some acceleration reference and this is what we came up with and of course the aash low name on this corner. So those are the two or three graphic aspects that we are working with in the YouTube side of Akash.

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: I see you've put a lot of work there. I know this editing especially if there's a bunch of videos can be really time consuming. So I think everyone here and the whole Akash community appreciates your help around this. it's been too long since anything happened on the YouTube so looking forward to it. evenâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: 

Denis Lelic: though even yeahâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: You're going to change that.

Robert Del Rey: 

Denis Lelic: but even though if I would still prefer if we move rather than we look for some perfection so even if a thumbnail is not perfect it has the basic branding rules it has all the necessary information and even the branding changed a month ago where marketing and some people from the core team decided to introduce some new elements of design. you can see those on the website. but I know you did like a lot of work and I wouldn't go back just to redo all of these

Denis Lelic: thumbnails and so on and so on. but when we maybe do the next steering committee, we can just introduce the new branding. it's not much a bigger difference. We still have the same color and the what changed is this the secondary and primary font. occasionally the serif. Let me just share maybe the ge. Where is it? Yeah. So there's this ser font happening occasionally. And the next change was this font which is not Satoshi anymore. It's intern now.

Denis Lelic: but yeah, as I said, these steering committees happen in the past anyway. So the branding is relevant to the time that the meeting happened. so I'm okay with all of these thumbnails, intros, outros. so if you guys wish, we can of course move along and do some u uploading. I mean, it's publishing so already uploaded.

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: Yeah, Robert.

Robert Del Rey: 

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, it's already uploaded and the plan works for Dennis, no worries. we can go ahead and keep the new branding in mind for future videos, which they're going to come. I promise you that. And let's do this. after I set up the group chat on Discord,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: maybe you can share with us the new branding guidelines so BS can have them in mind when designing the banner for the YouTube page. And at least we can have that with the new branding. What you say?

Denis Lelic: Yeah. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: I still have to put together this updated branding manual which is also currently on the website and it just needs to be replaced. I think it's somewhere in the footer. it's called brand resources brand. Yeah, this so download logo kit. It's also I believe here a branding manual is included. So I have to update that one thing if you want to talk about YouTube we still have time.


### 00:20:00

Denis Lelic: 

Denis Lelic: Otherwise I would just like to cover another topic and that's product design.

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: Okay. yes,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah. â€¦

Tyler Wright: before we move on, again, I know there's some AOS Accelerate videos. Are those good to publish as well, Dennis?

Denis Lelic: I can double check just because this happened a while ago six months ago. So just to see what's there I think and all the sessions that happened are there now. But I also have a short recap video of the whole accelerate event andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: I can also upload that one. It's a two, three minutes long and it just covers the whole day.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I think I would love to.

Tyler Wright: So, it sounds like Dennis, you want to take a look at that before it goes live, but the steering committee videos can go live?

Denis Lelic: Okay.

Tyler Wright: Okay, sounds good. and then real quick shameless plug and then also asking Dennis in public directly following this meeting, there's a SIG clients im During that meeting, the Kosh console team will be giving updates on the product side. I'm inviting Dennis there to talk there as at least listen in and see if there's any feedback, but I would love to talk also about the visual communication elements that he's been working on here. So, we'll hear it in two meetings. Go ahead, Dennis.

Denis Lelic: Today I have backto back meetings. So that's why I couldn't join the YouTube because it was happening for you the first meeting out of one, two, three, four, five. so I just had to do some so yeah product product let me see okay there's some new additions to the console for those of you who use it regularly you're going to see that this thing changed here where users now can start a trial and there's also an option if you start a trial you're going

Denis Lelic: user is going to convert to the different journey which is a credit card payment. and here is going to offer a switch between a wallet or a credit card payment. new addition is also for example if you go to the deploy there are new options here. build deploy launch container VM and run custom container and here there are a bunch of featured templates and all of these still need icons so I have to do those as well.

Denis Lelic: yes and there's also an option to deploy through GitHub. so you just connect your account and connect your Git repository and you're good to deploy things from here as well. I got to say some of the stuff that's been newly added is not really just design contribution because developers use this UI component library where they just pull anything they need but if a certain new feature is added where let's say a complete new journey

Denis Lelic: journey is added then sick design gets involved as So yeah, that's from the front of product design and there's a lot of new features coming to the console in the near future. I know they've been testing some of the stuff, but we'll talk about it when it live or in an hour or half an hour in the next meeting. yeah. Anything else you guys want to talk? We still have Yeah.

Robert Del Rey: I always have something to say, no, but yeah, really quickly, Dennis, I wanted to also congratulate you about the designs, both for the merch. I'm actually wearing the white Aash Super Club t-shirt now. people Loved it. They also love the black one with the cloudy logo in the back. And the stickers, if they did a sticker competition in Cosmog, a cash would have won the number one. And I will tell you why. Neutron had really good stickers. But if you didn't know anything about the project, you wouldn't know they are from Neutron. But a cash stickers, they cover everything.


### 00:25:00

Robert Del Rey: the aesthetics was good, the material was very good, but also the reference to a cash network were also very very clear. So that's why for me the stickers got the first place as far as the best stickers go and just wanted to share that with the merch was really and many people passed by the booth and they were impressed by the stickers. They like the Falcon. They like the Bur Khalifa for the Dubai edition, but they also talk about the previous editions and how they were collecting the stamps and stuff about different places where a cashache has been. And quickly wanted to share that,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: really really good job that

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I heard some stories about stickers and people collecting them across different events. I should order maybe a couple of them just to have them stored for the archive somewhere. yeah, but it's good to hear. we have big plans for the whole merch in the next season. so we're probably going to introduce more designs, more items, different themes, and I think as far as I can hear from others and u you as well, those stickers are like a big hit. So we're just going to continue in the next season.

Denis Lelic: with the whole new bunch of stickers for each of these events.

Tyler Wright: 

Denis Lelic: So, we're just going to try to always do something unique.

Tyler Wright: Shout out Dennis.

Tyler Wright: One other thing real quick. just as a reminder if anybody here on the call or in the community whether it's live events in their own communities and other places again finds people that want to contribute whether it be visual communication content creation please point them in the direction of SIG design. I just saw there was a team that's interested in supporting I think they do 2D and 3D animation.

Tyler Wright: but again we want to get as many of these teams to join the Discord channel, share their thoughts, ideas, portfolios, and then if they can join one of these live meetings where we can see where they can contribute and add value. I know Dennis is working on 9 million things, has meetings back to back. He still kills it. But again, any support that we can get, I know Dennis would greatly appreciate in terms of new marketing materials, branding, support materials, etc.

Denis Lelic: Thanks it's not always that bad regards to meetings. Today is just one of those days where a lot of them happen back to back.

Tyler Wright: That's right.

Denis Lelic: I would appreciate any design help of course. So thanks and I'll make sure I'll join the next YouTube meeting. I know I said that a bunch of times but no gota got to be there. if you guys want to talk anything else, we do still have time. otherwise, we can just use this time to work on something else. but we'll see each other in 30 minutes in a different meeting. So clients all of you are invited. So see you there.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: And then maybe we'll talk about the blog around the Akash digest during the working group for the Akash website when maybe Bold Panther is there andâ€¦

Denis Lelic: Thank you. Bye-bye.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: we can just talk about what a PR looks like, any design assets, etc. So, if not today at S Clients,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: 

Tyler Wright: then we'll certainly see you hopefully tomorrow. And much appreciate everyone's time and energy. Thank you.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you guys.

Robert Del Rey: See you tomorrow.

Tyler Wright: All right. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:34:08 ðŸ‘‹

