# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #24

## Agenda
- Review completed and upcoming design-related tasks for events and the Akash network.
- Updates on Akash website, roadmap, and educational courses.
- Discussion on the Shopify swag shop update.
- Status of working groups, including YouTube and others.
- Open floor for questions, feedback, and potential new working group formation.

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, January 15, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://bhuhr4lobcaaatnlbtmtrbjbxsvg7irafhgvloy5pf4donay2gsa.arweave.net/Ceh48W4IgABNqwzZOIUhvKpvoiApzVW7HXl4NzQY0aQ)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic
- Tyler Wright
- Alex Pedersen
- B S
- Forbes Analos

## Meeting Notes

### Opening Remarks by Denis Lelic
- Introduced the purpose of SIG Design meetings: a monthly opportunity to review past achievements, share new plans, and discuss potential working groups for design-related projects.
- Set the agenda for the meeting, focusing on event preparation, website updates, educational initiatives, and product rollouts.

### Event Preparation
- Upcoming events include **ETH Denver** and **Nvidia GDC**.
- SIG Design will provide support through:
  - Booth designs.
  - Merchandise and giveaways.
  - Event videos and any other materials required by the attending team.

### Akash Website Updates
- Highlighted the recently launched Akash roadmap, accessible under the "Development" section of the website.
- The roadmap showcases completed and upcoming milestones for the network.
- Acknowledged ongoing updates to improve user experience and content accessibility.

### Educational Courses
- New educational courses are in development, led by Adam Wozny with support from the community.
- Andrea Rodriguez is assisting with graphic designs for the courses.
- SIG Design will continue to collaborate on visual elements for these courses.

### Product Rollouts
- Major updates to the Akash Console are expected by the end of the month.
- Insiders are currently testing the new provider console.
- SIG Design is contributing by:
  - Providing UI design support.
  - Offering feedback on the latest console versions.

### Shopify Swag Shop Update
- Announced plans for a new Shopify store to replace the current swag shop.
- New merchandise items have been designed and will be available soon.
- The store aims to improve user experience and include a wider variety of items frequently showcased at events.

### Working Group Status
- The YouTube channel working group is currently on hold due to a lack of input from the marketing and core teams.
- Denis expressed hope that progress will resume once contributions are received.
- Encouraged attendees to participate in active working groups, including the website working group, which involves collaboration across design, copywriting, and other areas.

### Open Floor and Closing Remarks
- Denis invited participants to share ideas, ask questions, or propose new projects.
- Reiterated the importance of working groups for collaboration and effective execution of design-related tasks.
- Concluded the meeting with thanks and encouraged continued participation in future sessions and working groups.

## Action Items
- **Event Preparation:**
  - Finalize booth designs and materials for ETH Denver and Nvidia GDC.
- **Website:**
  - Continue updates to the Akash roadmap and website features.
- **Educational Courses:**
  - Collaborate with Adam Wozny and Andrea Rodriguez to finalize graphics and materials for upcoming courses.
- **Swag Shop:**
  - Launch the new Shopify store with updated merchandise.
- **YouTube Working Group:**
  - Resume activities once input is received from the marketing and core teams.

# **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's sik design meeting. for those who are new or maybe are listening to the recording of this session. s design meetings happen every month where we discuss everything design related.  So these me meetings are also a chance to discuss things that we did in the past or share new plans and maybe form new working groups for any of the projects out there. So for today's agenda I would keep it as usual.

Denis Lelic: So we're going to have a look what's been done and what's coming up on different areas. So for the event side the next event is ETH Denver and right after that there's Nvidia GDC. So sig design is there to support the crew who's going to be out attending these events. So, we usually do booth designs and different merch and giveaways, videos, basically anything that a team attending these events need. So, those are two that are happening in the near future.

Denis Lelic: the next item would be maybe we can cover from a high level some of the work that's been done in the working group network website.  So that group formed out of the six. So let's have a The latest thing that was done was Akash road map. So you can find it if you hit net network go to development and just hit road map.

Denis Lelic: So here are a lot of items that are up and coming that needs to be done and a lot of these that were already done in the past. So that's the latest thing that happened on the front of Akash website.  So, next one would let me see we got new edu courses coming up. So, the lead for this is Adam Wazny and different community members. and I'm happy to say we got one community member who's also helping with the graphics. There's a bunch of graphics for all these courses.

Denis Lelic: Andrea, I think her last name is Rodriguez is helping out with the graphics and she'll be working closely, but Adam and all the other, community members that are going to work on these courses. on the product side, there's a big roll out happening, hopefully by the end of the month.  So console is going to have a big upgrade. So there are already some insiders testing the new provider console and s designers also part of it either supporting with different design UI elements and just providing feedback on the latest version.

Denis Lelic: one thing I forgot about the website. hopefully this or in the next month we're going to have a new Shopify store. So, if you go to the community and swag shop, you are able to see the swag shop that's been up there for a while now.  when we always had plans to update it. So, now is the time finally. So, we got a bunch of new items designed. and there's also a new shop coming up.

Denis Lelic: I think in the last meeting there was one active working group that is unfortunately not anymore. So that would be the YouTube channel. I see is here. I think you were part of it. with Tyler and Robert. I'm not saying that group is not active anymore but I would rather say it's just on hold and as soon as we get some input from the marketing team or from the core team I hope the progress there will continue.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: So as I mentioned in the beginning these meetings are basically an opportunity to discuss anything design related and if it makes sense we can form a working group out of it. So if you guys have any questions you want to do anything you have an idea feel free to share it. yes. So, I think we pretty much covered everything that happened in the past and I think I've stated all of the important items that are going to happen in the future.

Denis Lelic: so yeah, thanks for attending today's sik design meeting and hopefully we'll see each other in the next month, but feel free to join u working groups. doesn't have to be design related. account website working group is something where everything gets together from copywriting design and we'll probably see each other there. You're all welcome. Thanks BS to you too. I appreciate you. So have a good day. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:07:16 ðŸ‘‹

