
# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda
- Overview of SIG Design responsibilities and ongoing initiatives.
- Updates on the Akash website and brand resources.
- Introduction of the **Akash Report** community media initiative.
- Discussion of Overclock Labs' pilot program for lead generation.
- Open floor for contributions and project ideas.
- Blog proposal on deploying AI agents on Akash.

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday,  February 12, 2025.
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- [Recording](https://ko6p7gnqbdpk7mm7ugrsgz74rdm5xxvksfng3h7u7gdf5emzki6a.arweave.net/U7z_mbAI3q-xn6GjI2f8iNnb3qqRWm2f9PmGXpGZUjw)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- B S
- Fenil Modi

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and SIG Design Overview (Led by Tyler Wright)
- SIG Design meets monthly to discuss topics related to:
  - Visual communication.
  - Graphic design and branding.
  - Video production.
  - Marketing and community engagement.
- The group oversees the **website and documentation working group**, which meets weekly on Thursdays.
- Encouraged contributors with experience in **graphic design, copywriting, and technical documentation** to join and participate.

### Akash Website and Brand Resources Updates
- The Akash website contains **brand resources** for community-led events and marketing materials.
- Updates are planned for the brand resources section, including:
  - **New case studies.**
  - **More refined brand guidelines.**
  - **Additional logo usage guidance.**
- Community members were encouraged to **submit feedback** on branding resources via the SIG Design Discord.

### Akash Report: Community Media Initiative
- Introduction of **Akash Report**, a **community-driven media and content initiative**.
- The program aims to provide:
  - **Twitter Spaces discussions.**
  - **Recaps of SIG and working group meetings.**
  - **Video content summarizing Akash activities.**
- The initiative is in its **pilot phase**, and updates will be shared over the next two months.

### Overclock Labs Pilot Program for Lead Generation
- Overclock Labs has launched a **pilot program** with a **marketing firm specializing in lead generation**.
- The program aims to:
  - **Identify and target specific audiences.**
  - **Run A/B testing to improve marketing strategies.**
  - **Increase traffic and onboarding to the Akash network.**
- The pilot will run for **one and a half months** and could be expanded if successful.

### Community Blog Proposal: Deploying AI Agents on Akash
- **Fenil Modi** proposed writing a blog about **how to deploy AI agents on Akash**.
- AI agents have been gaining popularity, and many community members have asked for guidance on deploying them.
- **Tyler Wright** expressed strong support, noting the potential **SEO benefits** and improved **user experience** for new developers.
- Encouraged Fenil to:
  - **Write an initial draft.**
  - **Submit it for review in the community.**
  - **Potentially receive a bounty for the contribution.**

### Open Floor and Closing Remarks
- Tyler invited anyone with ideas related to **website improvements, marketing, and branding** to contribute.
- ETH Denver booth designs were completed by SIG Design, and pictures will be shared soon.
- Community members attending ETH Denver were encouraged to visit the Akash booth and meet core contributors.
- Encouraged new contributors to introduce themselves in the SIG Design Discord and explore ways to get involved.

## Action Items
- **Akash Website & Brand Resources:**
  - **Dennis Lelic** to update brand guidelines and logo resources.
  - Community members to provide feedback in **SIG Design Discord**.
- **Akash Report:**
  - Continue monitoring the **pilot phase** and provide updates in the next two months.
- **Lead Generation Pilot:**
  - Track **Overclock Labs' pilot program** and assess its success.
- **Blog on AI Agents:**
  - **Fenil Modi** to draft and submit a **blog on deploying AI agents** on Akash.
  - Community to provide feedback and support with visuals if needed.
- **ETH Denver Booth:**
  - SIG Design members to **share images** of the Akash booth after the event.
  - Encourage ETH Denver attendees to visit the **Akash booth**.
 
## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, everybody. Welcome to SIG Design. It's February 12th, 2025. During the special interest group for design, the group gets together on a monthly basis to talk about all things related to visual communications, graphic design, videos, as well as just other marketing adjacent efforts. the SIG design oversees a working group for the website and documentation which meets weekly on Thursdays. and that group again makes changes to the network website as well as the documentation where anybody from the community can easily contribute to again documentation to website changes etc.

Tyler Wright: There's always an open call for anybody that's listening in later on to this call or anybody here that knows folks for anybody that wants to help support with again technical documentation technical copywriting there's always a need there as well as just visual communication.  So Dennis who usually leads these meetings does product design for Overclock Labs and has done a lot of stuff from the brand guide to marketing materials and event booths architectural design in real life events and beyond.

Tyler Wright: there's always a need for more people that again want to help out with images for the website, images for the blog and just images for all sorts of marketing material. So if anybody has that skill set or again wants to get involved in an open source project and is proficient in graphic design and general visual communications, please feel free to join the SIG or just make your voice  introduce yourself in the SIG design discord channel. One thing that I want to put on the record and I think we have a participant from the program here today is there is a pilot program ongoing for additional marketing supports.

Tyler Wright: There's a group that's been formed called the Acclash Report that is coming together to do combination of Twitter spaces writings around the SIGs and the working groups kind of recaps video content etc. as again a supplemental community-owned kind of publication and media outlet that talks about all things Akash and keeps people from the community  So again there's initial pilot that is ongoing with that group that is come to various SIGs and working groups and I certainly will keep folks updated on how that pilot goes with that group of cash report over the next two months.

Tyler Wright: In addition to that, I know that Dennis is going to be making some updates to the brand resources Again, if you go to the aos.net network website, there is a section for folks that are interested in, whether they're having events in their local communities, whether they're doing, additional programming. there is a guide on how to use various logos and different sizes that anybody from the community can take and use for again merch for marketing materials for local events etc. We always ask that folks share their ideas and their concepts in these SIG designs for feedback from the community.

Tyler Wright: but again those resources live on the Akash network website and Dennis is going to be making some updates over the next month with some more case studies and more guidelines on how again logo resources and other resources should be used and can be used by the community.  If anybody has any feedback about the brand resources or brand guidelines, feel free to drop those in between meetings in the SIG design channel so we can continue the conversation there. Anyone have anything specific that they want to talk about in terms of design at this point? Cool.

Tyler Wright: All right, one more thing that I will bring up is this is this very early but I want to share with the community as a member of OUCL Overclock Labs has recently started some conversations with a organization that is multi-exited in terms of lead generation, top offunnel marketing and just general growth.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: they are a team that has worked in the digital space for a number of years and Overclock Labs is sponsoring a pilot over the next month and a half to see how some of their solutions can be used to kind of drive more lead generation and more top offunnel action for folks that want to use console, folks that want to deploy a Kosh API and folks that want to leverage and use again the Akash network marketplace for compute. So Overclock Labs is again going to be sponsoring a short pilot and if the pilot goes then this might be something that we'll talk more about in SIG design as well as maybe they'll put up a discussion for further offering services to the community.

Tyler Wright: Again, their goal is very much about driving growth through lead generation, finding specific audiences, AB testing across a number of different verticals and touch points. and again, they're just a group that has shown through their work that there's somebody that is worth at least testing out via pilot that Overclock Labs is going to fund. but it might just be a great team that the ko community can leverage to continue to drive focus traffic to the AOS network and then again have clear calls to action that drive more folks deploying and bringing supply onto the network. Cool.

Tyler Wright: if anyone has any questions or we can talk about this as time goes on, this will be something that I will be talking about and following up on as we go through the pilot with that group. All right. I just want to see if there is any other topics. Again, we talked about design a little bit. We talked about a report. we talked about a pilot that OCL is sponsoring right now for again a team that's going to be working on lead generation and top of funnel growth. I just want to see if there's any other topics worth discussing here. Again, if there's anything that anybody wants to discuss as it pertains to the website. I know we didn't have a meeting last week because there were some folks that were traveling, but we'll be back at it this week with a website working group session on Thursday.

Tyler Wright: I just want to see if there's any other topics anybody wants to discuss. Otherwise, we can just end this meeting a little bit early and then continue any converations in the Perfect.  Go ahead for now.

Fenil Modi: Hey hello I have an idea not related to stick design but related to blog in recent times AI agents are more become popular right now and many folks are asking to how to deploy AI agents on AAS so we can write up some kind of blog on AAS so it will be help folks Yeah,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Is that something that you have a skill set with? Are you just suggesting that that should be a topic that somebody should write a blog around?

Fenil Modi: I am working with AI just a month month so I can write down that blog. Yeah, I have pretty much skill in that.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would love for you to take it.

Fenil Modi: So I can do that. Yes.

Tyler Wright: Again, the class network website is open source. I think that I'm just saying that for anybody that's listening to this recording later. Anybody can go to the website repo inside the Akos network organization. I'll drop it in the chat so that it's in the notes for folks, but you can go in there, you can fork the repo and you can start to make a pull request that has a blog. if you feel more comfortable just writing a blog in the docs and then sharing it in a channel or sharing with myself I can give some initial feedback.

Fenil Modi: Yes. Wow.

Tyler Wright: But I really love the idea of writing a blog around AI agents because these are a number of questions that I know we get asked in Discord and other channels. And it would be great from a user experience standpoint as well from an SEO standpoint to have a blog that says all right you're trying to deploy an AI agent on AOS here's so that if anybody searches how do I deploy an AI agent on a decentralized cloud, this blog will come up and then we can again start to drive more traffic and I'm sure it'll be very informative for people that already know about Akos. So, Fineil, if you have the time and the bandwidth, I would love for you to take a stab at â€¦


### 00:10:00

Fenil Modi: Yeah, I will.

Tyler Wright: what that blog would look like and you can get support from the community on terms of steps in terms of design if you need some help with images that you want to drop in there.  But I would really love if you can continue to push that forward and we could talk about bounties related to that because I think that's worth a bounty for Any other topics that anybody wants to discuss right now? If not, then again, we have some action items to take away. we'll connect.

Tyler Wright: Again, it's a short month, so I'm sure we'll have another SIG design meeting before we know it. If anybody has any thoughts, questions, or wants to introduce themselves and be a participant in the SIG design and just general as a contributor in the Kosh community, again, feel free to drop a message in the SIG design discord or just reach out to our Vanguard or an insider and they can help direct you to where you need to go. But much appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you to those that are listening to the recording later.

Tyler Wright: looking forward to seeing again more participation as we continue on again we'll drop in pictures from the booth that was designed by members of the SIG design team that is going to be happening at ETH Denver and if anybody here or anybody that wants to get more involved with design an AOS is going to be at ETH Denver again please feel free to come to the booth and get to know some of the core team and some of  the community as Terrific. I hope everyone has a great rest of their day. Again, I'll make this recording and notes available soon. but thank you to everyone that joined today and thank you to everybody participating. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. We'll talk soon.


### Meeting ended after 00:25:39 ðŸ‘‹

