# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #26

## Agenda
- Review of past event support and upcoming event preparations  
- Website and branding updates  
- Community contributions to visual content  
- Product updates and UI design assistance  
- Proposal to shift SIG Design meetings to a bi-monthly schedule  

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, March 12, 2025.
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- [Recording](https://z7rufn6dnuutskgyo47ueab42sxnj6xwzag4c7cpw2cv5fjulcvq.arweave.net/z-NCt8NtKTko2Hc_QgA81K7U-vbIDcF8T7aFXpU0WKs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Denis Lelic  
- B S  

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction and Purpose
- SIG Design meets monthly to cover all design-related work for the Akash Network.  
- The scope includes video production, graphic design, traditional marketing, and event visuals.

### Event Updates
- ETH Denver is complete. SIG Design supported with booth design, over 2,000 merchandise items, and other promotional visuals.  
- The next event is GTC Nvidia, scheduled for the following week. Similar design support is underway, including booth and merch design.

### Website and Brand Guidelines
- Akash Network's brand guidelines and logos have been separated and updated.  
- Fonts updated to Instrument Serif (primary) and Inter (secondary).  
- Resources can be accessed at the bottom of the Akash website under the "Brand and Press" section.

### Community Design Contributions
- Andrea is assisting with social media graphics.  
- Adam Wazny is coordinating with community members to design event visuals for community-hosted events.

### Product Design and Console Support
- The new provider console is now live.  
- SIG Design supported UI design for the "Become a Provider" flow and related user interface components.  
- Encouraged attendees to test out the provider console.

### Meeting Cadence Proposal
- Suggested shifting SIG Design meetings from monthly to every two months.  
- The change aims to better align with the current pace of updates and reduce redundancy.  
- Further discussion to happen in the SIG Design Discord.

### Closing Remarks
- Denis thanked B S for attending and acknowledged ongoing contributions.  
- Noted that graphics for a blog post will be shared shortly after the meeting.  
- Confirmed that the next SIG Design meeting will likely be held in two months to share updates and future plans.

## Action Items
- Finalize GTC Nvidia booth and merch designs before the event.  
- Share and promote updated brand guidelines and logo resources with the community.  
- Continue working with Andrea and Adam on marketing and event visuals.  
- Monitor provider console feedback for possible UI improvements.  
- Discuss and confirm bi-monthly meeting cadence in the SIG Design Discord.

## **Transcript**

Denis Lelic: Hey everybody and welcome to today's sik design meeting.

Denis Lelic: meetings that happen on a monthly basis where we discuss everything design related for a couch network. we touch different kind of topics from different design areas. So sometimes video, sometimes that's design, traditional marketing, graphic design and so on and so on.  So I just want to provide some updates on the things that were done in the past. So there are one event behind us.  So, Denver thankfully all wrapped. SIG design was a part of it as of course design support where we designed a lot of merch.

Denis Lelic: I think 2,000 different Mish items were distributed at the events and we also designed the booth and couple of other different touch points that were part of that booth design as well. the next event is going to be next week and it's GTC Nvidia and same as for the East Denver design help and booth design and a lot of different merch items and promotional items as giveaways.

Denis Lelic: that's the update for the events for let's me see another group basically that's part of sig design is the working group website so there's plenty of things that happened there in the last couple of months for all the details of that are part of that group. I suggest if someone's interested to head to the recordings of those sessions to just dig deeper.

Denis Lelic: let me see one item that's probably going to stand out. and it's going to support community with doing design work is this thing here. So, we have a cash network brand guidelines and a cash network logos. previously all of this was combined and the branding guidelines were a bit outdated. So if anyone is interested head to a couch network, scroll to the bottom, hit brand and press and you're going to be able to see a couch network brand guidelines and just download it.

Denis Lelic: The update that was made here is pretty much like the fonts update since we slightly rebranded. So this font is included. It's called instrument serif and the secondary font which enter is also included there. yes. So in the last month or so we saw some community contributions from design as well.  We got Andrea who's supporting marketing efforts and designing some social media graphics and we also have Adam wasn't coordinating with some community members to design event graphics that are basically hosted exclusively by community members.

Denis Lelic: So that's the update on that front and we will have some updates as well the product. yeah as you probably saw we have not this provider console is live and s design was also occasionally supporting developers here to design some UI stuff to get them going.


### 00:05:00

Denis Lelic: So let me see it's basically the provider. okay my wallet is not connected. So when you connect the wallet there's a button to going to say become a provider and sig design kind of supported the group of developers to design that flow. but if anyone's interested head over to provider council and to give it a try. yeah, I think that's it. not so crowded today. Thanks BS for Thank you for your kind words. not so crowded today. Thanks BS for joining. It would be even more lonely if you weren't here.

Denis Lelic: but for those of you who might be listening to the recording of this session, thanks as well. UPS if you have any questions, you want to add anything to this call, feel free to but don't feel obliged.  you have to one idea and one thing that we were discussing the last couple of days and last week was to move SIG design to every two months because basically at this point of time we're just providing updates of what was done and sometimes as well what's in the plans for the future.

Denis Lelic: so yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, thanks BS for joining again. Thanks for your work. Then there's no questions for me. I did you about the blogging graphics. Yeah, I was just going through that and then I saw the call is about to start. So I just dropped that and joined the call. But give me a couple of minutes and I'll send that to  and two months seems good. We'll talk on Discord. and thanks again and again for joining. we'll see each other probably in two months to provide a new update what was done and share some of the future goals as well. So, have a good day. See you. Bye-bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:07:50 ðŸ‘‹

