# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #27

## Agenda
* Recap of recent design contributions and event support
* Overview of updates to the Akash website
* Akash Accelerate 2025 preparations
* Design needs for upcoming marketing and product efforts 

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, May 14, 2025.
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Denis Lelic
* Joao Luna
* Andreia Rodrigues

## Meeting Notes

### General Updates

* SIG Design continues to support multiple areas: product design, traditional marketing, and graphic design.
* Denis began the meeting by summarizing updates and opened the floor for any questions or suggestions.

### Event Design Contributions

* Akash Accelerate 2025 (NYC) design work is ongoing:

  * A dedicated event page is live on the website, with updates being added continuously.
  * Speaker lineup is growing, and the agenda will be published soon.
  * Design tasks include venue branding, banners, and signage for the NYC rooftop venue.
* Past event support included:

  * Nvidia GTC in March and ETHDenver in February.
  * Design contributions covered booth visuals, merch, and promotional items.

### Website and UX Changes

* The website has undergone updates:

  * Marketing team is A/B testing new homepage slogans and entry points.
  * Pathways like "Try Akash," "Become a Provider," and "See GPU Availability" are being evaluated for conversion effectiveness.
* Joao raised a question about multi-journey UX (e.g., exploring Akash as a provider, developer, or API user).

  * Denis confirmed that this is part of ongoing marketing experiments.

### Product and Console Updates

* Console is being updated with new features, including login flows and marketplace access.
* Denis encouraged attendees to check out related SIGs and working group meetings focused on the product.

### Community Contributions

* Andrea has been active in supporting social media and event graphics.
* Denis confirmed that more design support is needed.

  * Coordination is ongoing via Discord, with potential tasks being shared by Zach or Denis.

### Closing Remarks

* The meeting served as a bi-monthly design update.
* Denis encouraged participants to stay engaged and reach out if they want to contribute.
* Next SIG Design session is expected in two months.

## Action Items

* Continue visual branding work for Akash Accelerate 2025 in NYC.
* Track website UX experiments and assist with any design-related needs.
* Collaborate with Andrea and other designers for upcoming social and event content.
* Monitor product changes and contribute design input as needed.
* Encourage participation from the community via Discord.

## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Denis Lelic:** Okay, Dennis from overclock labs here. Uh, I'm just gonna uh provide an update on all the things that were designed in the or two. So since there is no one else at this call, I'm just going to um talk through all the updates and hopefully someone will have a look or listen to the recording of this session. So, uh, sig design, uh, in the last month or two months, uh, worked on, uh, the new page, uh, hey Luna, let me just \
**Joao Luna:** Hello. I think Andrea is also joining. So \
**Denis Lelic:** Okay, \
**Joao Luna:** she \
**Denis Lelic:** that's \
**Joao Luna:** might \
**Denis Lelic:** cool. \
**Joao Luna:** take a minute. So she \
**Denis Lelic:** Welcome. \
**Joao Luna:** wants me to be more involved in design. \
**Denis Lelic:** Okay, that's cool. So, welcome guys. I already started the recording session. So if you have any questions, just feel free to um speak to ask uh whatever you prefer. Uh yeah. Uh what I was just saying is um let me just maybe it's the best way to share. \
  \
 


### 00:01:20

  \
**Denis Lelic:** So in the last month or two months um s design was involved like in different uh areas of work. um product design, uh traditional like marketing design, graphic design and so on. And I'm glad Andrea is here. She was also uh participating in some of these design sessions we did. Um maybe the last thing that kind of like the bigger thing that was designed was the Akash Accelerate uh 2025. Um \
**Andreia Rodrigues:** Yes. Hi \
**Denis Lelic:** yeah, so Akash  accelerate was designed like uh I believe a month ago. Um for those of you who are uh not familiar with it, you can find it on the website. So just head over to a network and there's like this little banner at the top that says Akash Accelerate is coming to NYC. So just click there and you'll be able to see the page. Uh the page is still kind of de consistently and constantly uh uh developing over over time. Um we're adding new speakers. Uh I think the whole agenda is going to be published st soon uh with all the program and everything that is going to happen there. \
  \
 


### 00:02:40

  \
**Denis Lelic:** So quite a lot of speakers already there. Um so yeah um let me see couple of other things that were done in the past month. Um uh maybe I'll just touch a couple of the events that were done. So, SIG design was uh helping the the core team and different community members that were attending uh events there. Nvidia GTC happened in March and EThDenver happened in February. Um so there were like plenty of giveaways, uh booth designs, uh pretty much every uh possible touch point that goes for for these events. Um, while we're at the website, let me see. There was a there there's a change that happened here. That's um something from the marketing team. They're testing different uh positioning uh slogans here and different like journeys to either to access um the marketplace to uh see the GPU availability or just becoming a provider on a cache. There's also new additions for console login and try a cache. Uh so these things are going to change uh probably a couple of times in the next days, weeks and so on. \
  \
 


### 00:04:19

  \
**Denis Lelic:** So, it's just a marketing effort to see what uh drives a better conversion uh to acquire new users. Um, do you guys have any questions? Feel free. Uh, yeah, Lula. \
**Joao Luna:** Oh yeah. Hi. Uh I might be a little bit outdated but at some point I remember uh we having a discussion on having these kind of like journeys uh on like ways to interact with the Akash. So like let's say I click try Akash and then get like prompted for two decisions like uh try as a provider or try as like telling a story kind of and redirecting to to the specific places. Is that something that we still are looking for or how \
**Denis Lelic:** uh \
**Joao Luna:** how did that Okay \
**Denis Lelic:** yeah it's basically becoming a GPU provider. So \
**Joao Luna:** provider? \
**Denis Lelic:** you click on it \
**Joao Luna:** Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** and then you have like different \
**Joao Luna:** Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** resources \
**Joao Luna:** Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** here. \
**Joao Luna:** Got it. Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh and the \
  \
 


### 00:05:19

  \
**Joao Luna:** Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** other way is like CGPU availab availability. So this is this and the other page uh would be like um \
**Joao Luna:** Because because \
**Denis Lelic:** something \
**Joao Luna:** I'm \
**Denis Lelic:** like \
**Joao Luna:** thinking like \
**Denis Lelic:** this \
**Joao Luna:** you you \
**Denis Lelic:** but just for the console uh and \
**Joao Luna:** Yeah, exactly. \
**Denis Lelic:** there \
**Joao Luna:** Because \
**Denis Lelic:** yeah \
**Joao Luna:** thinking \
**Denis Lelic:** there's \
**Joao Luna:** like \
**Denis Lelic:** a \
**Joao Luna:** try \
**Denis Lelic:** new \
**Joao Luna:** Akash. There's  plenty of ways to try Akaah, right? You can go for console or as a try a Akaah as a provider or try Akash as like a chat API or Akash chat or there's like a lot of ways to try Akash. That's Yeah. \
**Denis Lelic:** that \
**Joao Luna:** Okay. \
**Denis Lelic:** uh there are many ways and I know I know there's like a marketing effort happening to um capture all these different journeys and see what works \
**Joao Luna:** Oh, \
**Denis Lelic:** best. \
**Joao Luna:** cool. \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh so um it's either trying a kash um going through a type form to learn more about a kosach and someone will u get back to the potential user customer and so on. \
  \
 


### 00:06:18

  \
**Denis Lelic:** So \
**Joao Luna:** Nice. \
**Denis Lelic:** um unfortunately I don't have all the information for for this uh but there are different uh team members core team members from the marketing team that uh I'm sure they'll provide you more information if you're willing to either you know participate in these journeys or just have questions. Yeah. Um um couple of things uh I'm just going to quickly cover. So there's a lot of um a lot of effort going into Akash Accelerate 2025. Um as I said it's coming to NYC um in June. Uh some of you will be there I'm sure. Um so yeah um so me and basically uh other uh team members for marketing are just working to um design pretty much the whole event uh with different um touch points possible touch points like banners uh designing the entry to the to the to the venue. The venue kind of looks cool. Uh let me see where it is. It's this one. \
**Joao Luna:** It's the New York rooftop thing, right? Yeah. \
  \
 


### 00:07:41

  \
**Joao Luna:** It's pretty cool. \
**Denis Lelic:** Yes. Uh so it's \
**Joao Luna:** That's \
**Denis Lelic:** gonna it's going to look great. Uh but as you see like there's like a lot of possibility to to brand this. So it kind of looks properly um akash related. Uh but yeah, I'm sure it's going to look good. So maybe something like this where we have to provide um our own own branding to make sure it looks great. So yeah, there's a lot of uh effort going just into this thing. Uh on the other side, um there are some changes changes happening on on the product side. So um new additions coming to console. Um unfortunately I don't have all the information there. Um but there are different SIGs or working groups meetings that are happening that that are covering only that topic. So you just feel free to join those. Um yeah, anything else? \
**Andreia Rodrigues:** No, for me if you need any any help you can tell me. \
**Denis Lelic:** Yeah. Uh thanks Andrea. Uh we we do have like uh a chat uh open in Discord. Uh and I'm I'm sure Zach is going to be in touch with you as well. Um we do need some uh design help. There's like plenty of stuff going on. So uh someone will be in touch either me or Zach. \
**Andreia Rodrigues:** All right. Thank you. \
**Denis Lelic:** Cool. Thanks for joining guys. two months where we basically just provide the update of What's happened and briefly cover? What's going to happen in the near future? Okay, cool. Hope we'll see each other again in two months. Have a good day. Bye. \
**Andreia Rodrigues:** Thank you. Bye. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:09:52


