# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28

## Agenda

* Housekeeping and SIG Design structure overview
* Overview of Proposal 293 (H2 2025 Community Growth Marketing)
* Akash Accelerate recap and related design deliverables
* Brand resources, templates, and design system updates
* Community design needs and requests
* Open floor for new topics, announcements, and community contributions

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, July 9, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

Tyler Wright
Denis Lelic
Joshua Meyer
George Pro
Rob
AMerePotato
B S
Fenil Modi
Josh May
Fireflies.ai Notetaker

## Meeting Notes

### Housekeeping and SIG Design structure overview

* Tyler opened the meeting by welcoming everyone and providing a quick refresher on SIG Designâ€™s purpose.
* SIG Design is the go-to group for anyone contributing to design, branding, marketing visuals, developer-facing content, or event graphics.
* Meetings now occur every two months. Contributors are encouraged to stay active between sessions in the SIG Design Discord channel.
* A link to the SIG Design folder in the community repo was shared, containing past meeting notes and other resources.

### Overview of Proposal 293 (H2 2025 Community Growth Marketing)

* Proposal 293 was recently passed on-chain and will fund growth marketing efforts for the rest of 2025.
* SIG Design will be used to help track visual deliverables and progress tied to this proposal.
* Future meetings will review related dashboards and give contributors a chance to offer feedback or suggestions.
* The proposal includes activities across event branding, social media, and general visual communications.

### Akash Accelerate recap and related design deliverables

* Denis shared a recap of Akash Accelerate:

  * Full venue was wrapped with branded visuals.
  * Delivered merchandise including t-shirts, bags, pins, and stickers.
  * Designed social media graphics to support the event.
  * Created a microsite with schedule, speakers, and NDA info.
  * Provided slides for speakers, displayed on large venue screens.
  * Feedback was positive based on reports from Amanda.
* Denis also wrapped up design work for the upcoming ICML conference, including booth visuals and merch.

### Brand resources, templates, and design system updates

* Tyler dropped a link to the existing brand resource folder.
* Denis explained that asset support is case-specific and depends on the contributorâ€™s project and experience.
* He and Adam are working on a new set of editable templates that will be hosted in the Figma Community and linked via the Akash brand site.
* Joshua is developing a design system to support consistent UI across Akash tools and products.

  * This will include reusable components and developer guidance.
  * The goal is to make it easy for designers and devs to stay aligned across Akash products.

### Community design needs and requests

* George asked for graphics to support monthly recap reports.

  * Tyler confirmed SIG Design is the right place for such requests.
  * George will send details (sizes, format) to Denis via Discord.
  * Denis offered support and encouraged others to request assets publicly.
* Fenil is working on a blog post and may also need visual templates. Denis invited him to reach out.
* Rob introduced himself as a new contributor and shared that he had designed stickers and vectorized the Akash isotype for an Accelerate watch party.

  * He will share the files publicly in Discord for others to reuse.
  * He asked about t-shirt templatesâ€”Tyler confirmed these are in progress and will be shared soon.

### Open floor for announcements and contributions

* Tyler emphasized the importance of posting requests and questions in the SIG Design public channel instead of private DMs.

  * This increases visibility, encourages reuse, and supports new contributors.
* The upcoming brand assets and template library will be promoted in SIG Design and other channels.
* AMerePotato was invited to help draft a blog when the updated guidelines and templates go live.
* Contributors were thanked for their engagement and encouraged to continue participating through Discord.

## Action Items
* Denis to provide brand assets to George and Fenil.
* Denis and Adam to finalize and share the Figma-based community template library.
* Joshua to continue building the design system and provide updates in future meetings.
* Rob to publish his sticker designs and isotype files in Discord.
* Tyler and the core team to announce when new brand assets and templates are live.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Design. it is July 9th, 2025. This is a meeting that is oftent times led by Dennis from the Overclock Labs core team as well as other with support from other members. I'm just here to do a couple of housekeeping things. I know that again just for folks that are new just joining the SIG design for the first time I know a couple of people have reached out to Discord and other channels on how they can get involved the graphic designers video creators and other folks that care about again visual communications and design and some marketing efforts.

Tyler Wright: this is again that the design or the special interest group to join. if you go into the community repo again you can go into fig design and see a number of the past meetings links to those past meetings and some of the scheduling. So again last meeting was in May. I think this meeting has been moved to bimonthly every other month. but we can talk about changing that cadence if we want to especially because as of recently there was a proposal that passed on chain for growth marketing on Akos and we will be using this SIG to try to track the work done by Overclock Labs and other members other parties against that proposal.

Tyler Wright: So again, just want to share some links to the SIG design folder inside the community repo for folks that again want to get more involved in the SIG design as well as again just a link to the proposal that recently passed on chain for half of the year two which we're in 2025.  five community growth marketing efforts which again we will use the SIG design to kind of track what's going on across many of those efforts. I'll drop that in the chat. I know the overclock labs team is working closely with some parties to set up infrastructure for transparent reporting across a number of different efforts.

Tyler Wright: So, as an agenda item moving forward, we will use some time during the sik design to look at some of those dashboards. if anybody from the community has any questions, any thoughts, feedback, suggestions, again, we'll take some time as an agenda item to look at various dashboards across a number of efforts that will be going on.  And again many of the other efforts as a part of that proposal will be discussed as things get implemented during the SIG design. Dennis also has had a consistent agenda item which includes discussing items around the working group for the Akash website which again the working group is under the special interest group for design.

Tyler Wright: That working group meets weekly, so every two weeks to discuss all things related to the Akash network website, which again is an open repo in the Akash network GitHub organization under the website repo. so if anybody wants to get involved in contributing again there is a working group there is a process for those that want to solve issues.  The Akash network documentation also lives under the Akash network website. so again documentation edits and improvements also get discussed during that working group that meets weekly and then again we just discuss any general progress during SIG design.

Tyler Wright: I know there's a number of other efforts led by Dennis around visual communication, brand guidelines, usage of brand assets across community efforts and other efforts that get discussed here. as well as event marketing materials and other items that the design group kind of covers. but again I just want to talk at a high level before I hand it over to Dennis around some of the future agenda items that we'll add to discuss more around the proposal 293 the 2025 H2 community growth marketing so again if any insiders or anybody else wants to get involved sees anybody in the community I guess wants to get more involved in the marketing side please push them to SIG design which will

Tyler Wright: every other month. Any questions around just like general SIG design structure and additional agenda items before I hand it over to Dennis to get us kicked off with any other agenda items that he has.  Go ahead,


### 00:05:00

George Pro: Hello Tyler. Hello everyone. Please can you hear me?

Tyler Wright: Yes, I can hear

George Pro: So then I've started doing summary for all the meeting that we've been doing but then I need some graphics to accompany the summary.  So I want to add if the right place for me to ask or I have to go and then find a way to do it myself.

Tyler Wright: No, we can add that as an agenda item. This is certainly the right place to ask if anybody is looking for is doing any AOS related contributions and wants to needs graphics or needs logos or support with how to use the brand whether it be for merch or in real life events or otherwise. this is certainly the place you can ask in Discord in the SIG design channel andâ€¦

George Pro: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: get a quick response or we could take some time during these calls if you have any specific questions that you want to ask maybe live so I'll make sure that we can touch on that later of course anything else anybody wants to add to the agenda before I hand it over to Dennis to see if there's anything specific he wants to talk about I

Tyler Wright: know again we just had a cost accelerate and there was a number of things that happened there as well as permissionless and then I think there's another conference ICML coming up soon that we talk about at working group for events but just want to see if there's any other design related agenda items that we can add before take over Dennis cool all right Dennis feel

Denis Lelic: Thanks for the intro, just as you mentioned, maybe a quick design recap of Akash accelerate happened, I believe two weeks ago. so there was a bunch of touch points designed for there. the whole venue was wrapped up in different kind of graphics. there was a whole merch lineup with t-shirts, some bags, pins, stickers as usual, kind of becoming a tradition for each of the events. along we supported crash accelerate with different kind of social media posts, social media graphics.

Denis Lelic: there was a micro site dedicated just for a cash accelerate which included the nda the schedule speakers. part of that was also included in the lads across the venue. there was a big screen that kind of featured all the slides for the speakers for intro to the speakers and so on and so on. unfortunately I wasn't there but Amanda told me u feedback was solid. everything looked good and so I'm looking forward to the next one because I missed this one.

Denis Lelic: but I think got it right here. Amanda shared a cool video on her personal account. So, you can have everything just to get a glimpse into the Aash Accelerate 2025. that's kind of it for the Akash Accelerate. There's a bunch of stuff we're working on at the moment. not too long ago we wrapped up the ICML stuff happening next week. So again we got a booth design some merch giveaways and so on and so on. yeah that's it from the events side. you got anything else on the agenda?

Tyler Wright: No. I just dropped in a link to brand resources for anybody that's again you can download logos a number of other brand resources. I know that George specifically asked a question again he's been working on kind of a monthly recap of all the SIGs and working groups. and he's looking to add some visuals. Dennis, what would be your go-to?  Is there an asset folder that you give to people based upon what they're looking for? Is there anything that you think makes sense to kind of make it easier for people to drop in Akos? maybe George, you need it for headers and other parts of kind of the monthly recap newsletter. what kind of sizes and what kind of assets were you specifically looking for?


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: And Dennis, I guess while he's answering that, maybe you have some thoughts on historically how you've done this with folks in the past.

George Pro: So, my hand is still up. I So, I think I will have to Denise and then share more information because I actually don't have the dimension and all the things I need. So, when I'm able to get all the things I need,â€¦

George Pro: I'll share with Dennis and then we'll move ahead from there. Yeah, sure.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, feel free to DM me anytime.

Denis Lelic: You can find me on Discord. I think we chatted a while back. yeah. okay,â€¦

George Pro: Sure, sure.  Sunday.

Denis Lelic: Thanks. yeah, I usually provide this brand resource link you just dropped here in the chat section. So totally depends on the users community members what they're trying to do and their knowledge and using these design resources. but there's something me and Adam are working on.

Denis Lelic: It's going to be like a set of templates community members can grab play around and it's going to be much easier to produce different kind of graphics with that set. and it's going to be located in the same link as here and it's going to link to the Figma community of fash network. So you can just pull it down. play around with it. and hopefully we'll see some cool designs in the near future. and while we're at the topic of branding resources, I know Josh is working Josh is the product designer part of the OCL core team.

Denis Lelic: So he's working on setting up a design system that's going to developers with different UI components. So, we're going to have consistency across all the touch points out there. And yeah, Josh, if you have any updates on that front, feel free.

Denis Lelic: Otherwise, we can save it later for the next one.

Joshua Meyer: Yeah. that was I think kind of one of the big initiatives we discussed at pretty great length during accelerate.

Joshua Meyer: So, right now just kind of going through, building out the foundations of that and I think the end goal, the intent there is to just have something publicly available that designers that developers that, anybody looking for any type of digital assets or instructions or guidelines would be able to hit and be able to pull those down and kind of utilize. So, end goal is really just kind of establish a baseline level of consistency with our design language and then hopefully in doing that work, allow for easier development for design for whatever with,â€¦

Tyler Wright: Amazing. Yeah,â€¦

Joshua Meyer: the community. So, excited to get that moving.

Tyler Wright: I think again some of kind of a brand resource folder that Dennis has been working on with Adam, head of community along with some of the efforts that Josh just described will go a long way in making it easier for folks that are contributing and folks that are integrating Akos into their own products to have a more uniform and standardized design and visual communications kind of language and feel.

Tyler Wright: So, that'll be something that again I would prefer that people that have design questions ask them in a public channel like SIG design because there are a number of contributors that are looking to do blogs or looking to do recaps or are developer experiences for specific parts of, leveraging the OS network marketplace. and so I'd prefer things to be asked in public and answered in public because there's a number of other people that maybe don't know where to turn quite yet. and I want SIG design to be that kind of standard place where people can ask questions. We can continue to build out some of those brand guides based upon what people are asking for and needing.


### 00:15:00

Tyler Wright: So, if you don't mind, any requests that you have about sizing and templates to be done, in a public setting, I'm sure that others may have the same issue. That would be Cool. I see some other topics.  It sounds like Penal is working on a blog and is looking for any templates. Dennis, I know you said something is coming soon. Do you have anything that you could potentially share with Fine as he's working on his blog post?

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I do. maybe you can just DM me on Discord and we'll do something there.

Denis Lelic: I can support you with that.

Tyler Wright: And by DM on Discord,â€¦

Tyler Wright: he means right in the SIG design channel in a public channel. And then you can add Dennis, does anyone else have any design related questions or topics that they want to make sure get covered here today? again, I know the growth proposal just passed but look out for again future previously we've talked about the working group for the kosh website and a number of general design efforts and some design programming that's been going on and marketing efforts that have been going on.

Tyler Wright: as the SIG design continues to evolve again we'll be talking as a bimonthly agenda item talking specifically around some of the efforts going on with that proposal for growth marketing as well as some of the efforts that Dennis talked around today for brand resources that'll be and templates kind of guides and structures and that'll be available to the entire community  for developers for folks that are again contributing to the website and other ways to be able to leverage. So if anybody has any questions, any suggestions, feel free to drop them in SIG design so we can continue to work on those things and continue to talk about these things on a bimonthly basis and then between meetings again we can use the SIG design public channel. Go ahead Rob.

Rob: Hello everyone.

Tyler Wright: Yes.

Rob: Can you hear me?

Joshua Meyer: We

Rob: Hello. This is Rob from Spain. I recently joined the insiders program. So glad to be in the community. I've been having a lot of fun with it so far. I have a background on graphic design and for the past accelerated watch party, I designed some graphics to create stickers and so put it together on a file over there. So, if anyone working with Figma is interested, I can post the link in the discord.

Rob: I included the fully vectorized isoype without the gradient that I made since I couldn't find it anywhere in the branding materials from their website. So yeah, if anyone is interested in that let me know.

Tyler Wright: Excellent.

Joshua Meyer: Yeah, always interested.

Joshua Meyer: So, if you'll drop that in Discord, that'd be helpful.

Rob: Sure.

Tyler Wright: All right. yeah, again, one of the reasons why I would love for these things to be more public is because I would love for more people to get involved. I know that Josh and Dennis are both working on a number of different efforts outside of all the things they do for the Akos community.  So, when more people continue to come into the community, contribute, I would love for more hands to be on deck to help resize images, the improve designs, based upon specific needs outside of, specifically Josh, and Dennis from the core team having to, really use the SIG design as a community of, designers, that can kind of creative, direct based upon conversations that I've had


### 00:20:00

Tyler Wright: here and brand guidelines that are agreed upon here and really make sure that all assets that go out across the community are kind of speaking the same language and on Anything else that anybody wants to make sure we discuss today on SIG design that's actually one thing I know you joined just a little bit lateâ€¦

Rob: May I ask you do you have any templates for creating t-shirts or something like that like measurements men's or I don't know any kind of templates for that publicly?

Tyler Wright: but that's one thing actually we

Tyler Wright: I just discussed there will be some templates coming soon for both items like merchandise marketing materials brand assets as well as templates coming soon via Figma for developer related assets. so that'll be something to look out for in SIG design.  If you have any specific requests you need in the meantime, just drop them in SIG design because I'm sure other people have those requests. And to be honest, because you're a designer, you probably know more specifically what's needed. but there will be some folders that will be dropped inside the brand resources section of the website. and again, there'll be announcements made in SIG design and other channels very soon once those are ready.

Tyler Wright: So that's something that's actively being worked on by members of Oberock Labs core team with the hope that those will continue to grow and be managed by the SIG design.

Rob: Awesome. Thank

Tyler Wright: Feel free to drop those in SIG design and then we can continue to the items between meetings and then once they're available for kind of consumption, maybe we'll start out with folks in SIG design having access and then folks across the community can have access. I would love Amir Potato, I know that you're on this call. I would love when those brand guidelines are ready and some of those brand assets that Josh talked about are ready for us to do some sort of blog so that it's easily searchable and easily accessible beyond just the link in the footer.

Tyler Wright: Any other topics related to design growth, marketing, branding that anybody wants to make sure we discuss here today? Otherwise, again, let's continue some of these conversations and ask some of these questions in inside SIG design so we can continue to track progress.  I know that George will follow up with the notes recording and action items following this meeting, but really looking forward to future SIG design meetings where we'll cover again strategies and reporting from the growth marketing proposal that's just passed on chain as well as discussions around brand resources and some of the templates that'll be available to community as well as again kind of like a

Tyler Wright: design framework and a design language framework for developers and other folks in the Akash ecosystem. So if anybody has any other topics they want to make sure get covered at future SIG design meetings,â€¦

Tyler Wright: please drop them in SIG design as but really appreciate everyone's participation and thank you to those that are listening later. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day. certainly again follow up on SIG design. Thank you, Dennis, as always for your leadership and really looking forward to this in the future.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Rob: Thanks guys.

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Tyler Wright: Have a great day, y'all.

Denis Lelic: You. Byebye.


### Meeting ended after 00:26:12 ðŸ‘‹


