# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda

* Updates on design initiatives and upcoming events
* Product design system adoption and UI consistency
* Antidote growth marketing proposal update
* Presentation by Stake Capital on business development and marketing collaboration proposal
* Community pool spend discussion and next steps
* Website and documentation working group update

## Meeting details
- Date: Wednesday, September 25, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Denis Lelic
* Joshua Meyer
* Tyler Wright
* Daniel Tama
* Diogo Patão

## Meeting Notes

### Design Updates and Upcoming Events

* Denis Lelic opened the meeting, outlining that the SIG Design meetings are now held bi-monthly to provide detailed updates on design initiatives.
* He shared that several design deliverables have been completed for upcoming events including Token 2049 in Singapore, Open Source AI Week, and the PyTorch Conference in San Francisco.
* Each event features refreshed booth designs, new swag and giveaways, and a cohesive visual identity to align Akash Network’s brand presence across all locations.
* Denis encouraged participants to watch Akash Network’s social media for live coverage and design rollouts during these events.

### Product Design System and UI Consistency

* Joshua Meyer provided a detailed update on the new design system adoption process.
* The primary objective is to establish visual and experiential consistency across all Akash products while improving user experience.
* After evaluating multiple options, the team selected the **shadCN component library** for its Figma resources and speed of implementation.
* This system will be integrated across new and existing Akash products, including AkashML, to ensure a unified design experience.
* Joshua emphasized a more user-centric design philosophy—softening UI colors, improving hierarchy, and prioritizing readability and pleasant aesthetics.
* He noted that users can expect to see these improvements reflected in product rollouts in the coming weeks.

### Growth Marketing Proposal

* Denis mentioned that representatives from Antidote could not attend the meeting.
* Tyler Wright provided an update on their behalf, explaining that Antidote continues to lead Akash’s digital and outdoor advertising efforts, including campaigns for Token 2049.
* He elaborated on the **[H2 Growth Proposal](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/293)**, which includes a quarterly review cycle.
* Tyler stated that the Antidote and Overclock Labs growth teams are preparing a set of community-facing slides highlighting website traffic growth, ad spend efficiency, and customer acquisition metrics.
* Some proprietary details—such as PR partnerships and keyword strategies—will remain confidential but can be discussed privately upon request.
* The GitHub community and marketing project space will serve as the central hub for tracking updates, metrics, and future milestones.

### [Stake Capital](https://www.stake.capital) Presentation and Collaboration Proposal

* Tyler introduced **Daniel Tama** and the **Stake Capital** team, who are validators on the Akash network with extensive blockchain and AI sector experience.
* Daniel outlined Stake Capital’s background as an active investor and infrastructure provider since 2016, with engagements across DeFi and AI blockchain ecosystems.
* He proposed expanding collaboration with Akash through a **community pool spend** to support business development and marketing visibility.
* Key proposed contributions include:

  * **Business Development (BD) Engine:** leveraging Stake Capital’s portfolio and network of 300+ AI and blockchain companies to onboard new projects to Akash.
  * **Marketing and Branding Amplification:** producing in-depth research content and long-form articles through **[Rekt News](https://rekt.news)**, a crypto media platform managed by Stake Capital, to highlight Akash’s infrastructure and AI advantages.
* The proposal includes funding of **$70,000**, covering BD operations and production of two long-form research articles.
* Daniel emphasized that this collaboration aims to attract new AI-driven projects to use Akash’s compute services while strengthening brand authority in Web3 infrastructure.
* Tyler acknowledged the proposal’s value and confirmed that a refined version will be shared with the Akash community for review and discussion.
* Diogo Patão suggested initial alignment discussions with Akash Foundation representatives before public posting to ensure the proposal matches Akash’s strategic needs.
* Tyler concluded that while Overclock Labs will provide input, the final decision rests with the community under the community pool governance process.

### Website and Documentation Working Group Update

* Tyler noted that the working group meeting for website and documentation updates was postponed due to scheduling conflicts among key contributors.
* Contributors were encouraged to continue submitting updates and PRs asynchronously via GitHub.
* Outstanding contributor payments for merged work are expected to be completed by the end of the week.
* The Antidote team will also present updates on new website copy, messaging, and audience alignment in the upcoming quarterly growth review.

## Action Items

* **Denis Lelic:** Share visuals and design deliverables from Token 2049 and upcoming events on social channels.
* **Joshua Meyer:** Continue implementation of the shadCN design system across new product interfaces and update the console UI accordingly.
* **Tyler Wright:** Upload Antidote’s quarterly growth update materials to the Akash GitHub project and ensure transparency in tracking.
* **Daniel Tama & Diogo Patão:** Refine the Stake Capital proposal with Akash Foundation input before community publication.
* **Community Members:** Review and provide feedback on the Stake Capital proposal once posted.
* **Website Working Group:** Resume next week’s session to coordinate documentation updates and reward outstanding contributors.

## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Denis Lelic:** Hey everybody and welcome to today's uh sig design meeting. Uh so sik design meetings happen happen every um not every month but it's uh bimonthly meeting uh used to run like every month but we kind of changed the cadence of that. Uh so during these meetings we cover uh everything that was um pretty much all design topics, everything that rolled out or what we're planning to roll out in the future weeks or months. Uh so I'm just going to provide like a quick update on a couple of things that were done. Uh so let me just see. Uh there was a bunch of stuff we did for uh different events. Um there's event coming up. The first one is token 2049 in Singapore. So there was like a lot of uh different design touch points there like uh as usual we did u a new set of uh swag, a lot of giveaways. Uh we got a bunch of ads running and uh there's like a completely new uh booth design. Uh so if you pay attention to social media next week uh you're probably going to see that in some of the posts on akash network are probably on X. So, um, yeah, we got another event coming up that's opensource AI AI week happening in San Francisco. \
  \
 


### 00:01:46

  \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh, pretty much same as usual. We're going to have some, um, giveaways, some merch. Uh, after that, the same thing goes for PyTorch conference also happening in San Francisco. Um yeah, same thing. A lot of uh giveaways, merch, and uh completely new uh booth design for this event. Um yeah, let me see. The next topic could be let me see. Yeah, Akashamel. Uh there's a a new brand design that was done uh in previous month for Akash ML. Uh along with that a website concept and um just making sure the look and feel ties into uh what we planned. Uh, and now it's a great opportunity to uh pass to the mic to Josh because he's he's been working on uh uh product design. So, we can just cover a couple of things uh there. \
**Joshua Meyer:** Uh yeah, thanks. I'm Josh. Good to see everybody. Um so probably a great place to start. We had touched on in some of the previous SIG design meetings was the adoption of a design system. \
  \
 


### 00:03:09

  \
**Joshua Meyer:** Um you know, Dennis and I did a lot of research, kind of looked at some of the different levers. Uh the main goal really just making sure we drive consistency throughout the different products that we're releasing and currently exist. um and really just making sure that we're providing the best user experience for everyone. Uh so after you know looking at all the different levers, all the different considerations um ultimately we landed on utilizing just the shad CN component library. There's a lot of resources that are available to everybody. There are free Figma design files. Um but really just seemed to make sense in order to expedite a lot of the development and a lot of the design that's going to be necessary to support the upcoming a um so we've been implementing that. You'll see it um you know as the new features, new products start to roll out like Akasha Mel that Dennis just mentioned there. And then um ultimately over time we'll look to start to update the uh the existing console and uh to make sure that that all matches but really just trying to drive a better user experience across all the products and then a continuity across them as well. \
  \
 


### 00:04:16

  \
**Joshua Meyer:** So that's been exciting. Um a lot a lot of design work in the different product areas in order to support the upcoming apes. Um so keep an eye out. You'll be seeing all that stuff roll out. So yeah, um really just trying to be, you know, user experience forward, push that to the front. Um prioritize the users, be a little bit, um more thoughtful with how we're using some of the brand coloring. Um really try to tone down the UI, make it a little bit more just overly pleasant for the users. So a lot of new changes that should be coming up, showing up in the products and the new things that are regularly being released. \
**Denis Lelic:** Thanks, Josh. Yeah, looking forward to see um all of these updates. There's a bunch of stuff happening, so looking forward to see that all of them go live soon. Um another update I'd like to share. Uh but let me see. Yeah, unfortunately Antidote uh guys Josh Anna, sorry not Josh, uh Barl and Brandon couldn't be here. \
  \
 


### 00:05:23

  \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh Antidos is like a growth agency and they run of ads. Um go ahead. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, I was just going to speak after uh you're done uh Dennis about antidote, but I have an update on that side and I just dropped like a link to a task. Um, so feel free to finish and then I'll go about kind of the growth marketing proposal. \
**Denis Lelic:** Cool. Uh yeah, just wanted to say And is like running a bunch of ads to drive uh awareness and traffic. Uh we got even some ads running for uh token 2049. Uh so it's like not only digital ads but some of these ads are going to be uh on the outdoor I forgot how how do we how do we call these ads like the uh traditional advertising so it's going to be on airport streets and so on. Um so yeah unfortunately they couldn't be here but um we're pro probably going to see some some of this stuff in our next meeting. Uh yeah, Ty, please go ahead. \
  \
 


### 00:06:32

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. Um I know that we want to use SIG design as a place to kind of track and talk about some of the work done um or being done around the H2 growth proposal. As a part of that proposal, there was a quarterly kind of check-in. Believe we're coming to that point very soon. Um and so in inside this issue which will live in the Akash network GitHub organization inside the um community and marketing projects there is a link to the proposal and there is going to be a number of updates made. I know that um the antidote team as well as the overclock labs growth team have put together like a a number of slides that that are going to be shared with the community here publicly about some of the metrics. Um I know that there's some like secret sauce in how um again keywords are being identified some of the partners um that uh the antidote and the growth team are using for PR um outbound email marketing etc. Um, so some of that stuff may be redacted and if folks want to have more transparency there, we can have some conversations that maybe are off um the record, but generally um the antidote team is going to provide a number of updates um to this task that outline kind of the growth in website traffic um Google ads uh costs of customer acquisition um and some of those metrics relative to all the things that they've been building. \
  \
 


### 00:08:00

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I know there's been a lot of work going on behind the scenes from that group to kind of build out these apparatus um from like nothing to something um and now they're getting to the point where again there's a number of leads being generated through um the growth initiatives. So um I will make sure it may not be done by steering committee today but over the next couple of days uh the intention is to use that task in the project um to track uh again a number \
**Denis Lelic:** Cool. \
**Tyler Wright:** of metrics um and a number of you know uh points of progress across uh the H2 growth proposal um growth marketing proposal. \
**Denis Lelic:** Um, thanks for the update. Uh, so for this part of the second part of the meeting, I'd suggest we could, uh, leave it up for open discussions. Uh, we got Daniel here. Uh, yeah. Tai, go ahead. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Yeah, I've been um I I I've been working uh with Daniel um and the state capital team um for some time. \
  \
 


### 00:09:12

  \
**Tyler Wright:** They are a validator and the active set um uh on the Akash network. Um they have uh they are a group uh run by a bunch of blockchain kind of experts um and uh you know people that have been around for a long time. I'm going to drop in their website in the chat. Um but really what I was hoping is they they um have some delegations um that they do for a number of infrastructure you know um some content um and some other efforts but I think the team is being underutilized um and there's like a cap for delegations um in the delegations program. So the state capital team was thinking about um because they really believe in Akash network um and really think they can have an impact on growing the Akash network, they have offered some additional services um that they would like to put in a proposal for community pool spend um and so I wanted to give Daniel um and his team the opportunity to talk at SIG design about some of their ideas. Um right now it's in a document document um get some feedback from the community and then their next steps would be to put on discussion if there's um if the the community is in favor of those efforts. \
  \
 


### 00:10:24

  \
**Tyler Wright:** So again this is kind of building on some of the growth efforts. A lot of the growth efforts have been around advertising, building out growth, building out the leads funnel. Um, and alongside that, um, state capital team has the ability, um, and expertise to provide some additional business development services as well as some additional content um, and design services um, that they have within their wheelhouse. So, I wanted to give Daniel like a couple minutes to introduce himself and the team and then talk with the group um and those that are going to be watching the recording a little bit later um so we can reference it. So, Daniel, I just want to uh just kick it over to \
**Daniel Tama:** Yeah, thank you. Thank you Tyler for the introduction and yeah so the uh the kind of you know brief background is that um you know we're we're stay capital fun in 2016 and we've been uh one of the leading u active investors in the space but also running uh core infrastructure um since since that time focusing on different kind of uh segments u from DeFi and now switching to um AI as well. \
  \
 


### 00:11:28

  \
**Daniel Tama:** Um so we we've been working with with with a lot of different foundations helping um lobbying for integrations especially in D5 with marketing amplification um launching uh different blockchains supporting genesis validation. So we've been we've been very active in the space for for many years. Uh we've been not kind of uh been on the storefront. So we've been uh um kind of working directly with the foundation on more a B2B lobbying level. Um but but basically what what we were um you know talking with Tyler is that um so basically with all the foundation we work together is we try to find the right angle how we can support the value growth of the ecosystem the ecosystem growth in different ways. So we work with numerous different different blockchains and they all have different kind of needs what uh what what could drive the uh the expansion of whether it's the use cases the the different KPIs that the blockchain has for itself. Um in case of in the case of of of a kash our collaboration has been yeah as Tyler said kind of kind of capped um because of the uh the cap of the of the delegation that uh could have been offered uh from the foundation. \
  \
 


### 00:12:39

  \
**Daniel Tama:** So but now but now there's like an option to uh increase and expand this collaboration um and that allows us to offer more of our services so-called uh to to Akash. So one of these um areas where where we seem a big value added is that we have been working and collaborating a lot of um AI based uh blockchain companies, scientific uh projects that are entering the space and are are actually very very heavy in um uh in using AI services um already probably using cloud uh cloud-based AI solutions. So I think the first uh real value added could be that we could be uh kind of a BD be the engine uh for for Akash bringing in new projects bringing introductions facilitating conversations uh to switching over or adding Akash as a as another option to uh to projects that that are are are AI uh resource u intense uh projects and now we're beginning to see more and more of these projects popping up um whether it's blockchain whether it's other kind of um web3 uh related company uh not the blockchain per se. \
  \
 


### 00:13:48

  \
**Daniel Tama:** Um so then so we are in contact with more and more of these companies uh not just through our validator services but through our portfolio. We have a portfolio of at least a few hundred companies um that we are currently working with plus many more in our network. So we are well connected in the space and I think this this could be the first uh value ad that uh we could uh we could support Akash in in its growth because I I've seen that the infrastructure is pretty solid. The offering is is is uh is very attractive uh for projects but now I think it's time for uh for producing the demand um the the uh the inbound uh demand for this info and uh I think that's where we could help. So that's the first step. Uh the second step where we see we could provide uh value ad is through our um through our marketing uh and branding uh and u services to give more visibility to whether super cloud or or uh or other uh infra that akash uh now you know is is planning to to push forward to uh to retail and and and business visibility. \
  \
 


### 00:14:54

  \
**Daniel Tama:** Um I think this is where we where we could support with especially with rec news. Um so I don't know if uh you have heard about rec news but uh basically it's uh one of the leading crypto u news site for u for cryp uh for infra for uh different kind of security and uh deep dive research u uh material content that we have active research team in house and we are providing uh detailed deep dives into different um uh kind of um you know either either exploits security uh things uh infra related content. So this is what we have been uh so far uh as an organic as a um organic content creator uh platform and generator and now we have also been started working with with quality projects and partners of ours to help them amplify their message uh through through our research team's uh work uh in in collaboration with um with with the foundation and we've been starting working with with foundations on this and I think this is something that we could also leverage which um our our research team to to help amplify the message uh to make it more visible what Akash is really really offering for for this kind of whether it's the AI projects whether it's other GPU um intense companies um that that could really benefit from either switching uh to to this um service or or start using um so we we we propose um you know writing um a deep dive uh \
  \
 


### 00:16:26

  \
**Daniel Tama:** deep dive article Um the the the exact topic is obviously depending on further clarification but it would be aligned with the uh with the with with overclock labs with the with the foundation directly. So that's something that u is still pending but uh it could be a deep dine whether that's the technical uh comparison um or or the deep dive into the infrastructure or a step-by-step guide through the use case. Um so that's that's something that we could uh we could definitely provide. Um and yes, so these are kind of the two two ways how we see immediate value provided to the um to to the network and um to the community and to drive the growth. Uh but you know going forward we'd love to to explore other other venues as well. But we have a lot of other different ways how we provide value to to foundations. But these are kind of the two uh most important like the BD BD engine plus the the marketing visibility uh and branding amplifier. Um yeah and and yeah so basically we the cumitive proposal is what we shared uh with Tyler asked for uh 70k a moment for for the BD uh for the BD efforts uh plus two uh two uh detailed articles plus ongoing uh ongoing support for for marketing. \
  \
 


### 00:17:46

  \
**Daniel Tama:** Um yeah. \
**Tyler Wright:** Perfect. Thank you, Daniel. And again, um right now it's in doc format. Um Daniel, it is it something that you feel comfortable um having shared with the community or do you want to put it into a discussion and then have people interact with the discussion? It's entirely up to you. \
**Daniel Tama:** Um yeah, of of course. Um I think I think I think we need to kind of you know just work it through refine different sets of refinement refinements until it's kind of ready to be uh posted on the on the public uh public community board. Uh but happy to share um you know with with the participants of of the call. Um yeah but pro probably not for for for public right now. \
**Diogo Patão:** Yeah, I would I would say that uh uh ideally we can discuss these uh topics with someone inside the foundation or that is more linked to Akash so that we can also adjust our proposal to what makes sense what are your immediate needs so that we're not going to suggest something to the community that doesn't make any sense. \
  \
 


### 00:19:01

  \
**Diogo Patão:** At least this first filter could be nice to do it with you and then yes we are ready to go for the community. \
**Tyler Wright:** Okay, perfect. Well, again, this is a community call in innovative itself. So, if there's anybody here on the call or or listening later that has ideas for kind of those long form pieces, you know, um because we'll be going through the community pool, it'd be less of an overclock labs dictating. Obviously, we'd be participating the in what we think makes the most sense for pushing the cash network forward. But because this is a community pool effort that the community as a whole um should come together, discuss, argue um and figure out as a group, you know, uh what makes the most sense. Um or we can keep it a little bit more generic and be like two long form articles to be determined later based upon topics that have the best most impact you know um and and are discussed at a SIG design meeting. Um but again I I I really do feel like the State Capital Group has a good understanding of the space again has a number of companies that they're already have in their portfolio. \
  \
 


### 00:20:09

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um and would love to see about leveraging the group to help continue to drive demand on the network one and then again being a additional vehicle to push out to allow the work that's happening across growth, marketing, design etc. um for brand awareness and beyond. Does anyone have any questions for uh Daniel um or the state capital team that they want to talk about live? Cool. I'll work with uh Daniel and state capital team to make sure a version of this proposal is made available to members of the community um as soon as possible for further discussion. Again, I know a number of people um watch these recordings after the fact and then get involved in the conversation then. So, there will be something for them to reference and to leave comments and questions. But um yeah, again uh historically have worked with the state capital team on a number of things from a foundation standpoint and they've always been a good partner that has had follow through um been very transparent. So would like to get them more involved in community efforts. \
  \
 


### 00:21:25

  \
**Daniel Tama:** Thank you, Tyler. \
**Tyler Wright:** So, any other questions around state capital or any other topics that anybody wants to discuss? Otherwise, I'm going to kick it back to Dennis. Cool. One thing I will say real quick, Dennis, before I kick it back to you, I know we were normally have the working group for the website and docs today. Um, but uh unless then, sorry to mess this. So, I apologize if this is repeated. Um, but there were a couple of folks um that actively work on that working group that weren't able to make it. So, we thought it might be better um especially with the number of contributions um ongoing right now to just push that meeting to next week when everyone has returned. Um so again if anybody has any questions or any comments or anything related to the uh website um and or documentation just drop that in the working group this week and or connect with um air potato if you have any contributions that you're um have done. I think there's a couple people that should get paid for the contributions by end of week um for things that have already been merged. But again always opportunities for folks to contribute more to documentation and the website. I know there's a number of changes that the antidote team will reference um in their update, the quarterly update about website changes, you know, voice um honing in on audience, etc. So, just look out for some of those updates and feel free to get involved on the website when you can. That's all I have. Dennis could came back to \
**Denis Lelic:** Uh yeah, I think we pretty much covered everything. Um thanks Tai. I think you wrapped it up nicely before I did. Uh you covered pretty much everything. Uh so I just want to thank everyone for joining today. \


