# Akash Network - Design Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #30

## Agenda
* Updates on SIG Design scope, cadence, and supported initiatives
* Event design support and merchandise updates
* Advertising performance and growth marketing activities
* Branding refresh and design system evolution
* Product design system adoption and UI consistency
* Website and documentation working group update
* Community contribution enablement and access to assets
* Zealy swag contest announcement
* Open discussion and next steps

## Meeting details
- Date: Tuesday, December 16, 2025
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time).
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Denis Lelic
* Benjamin B
* Joshua Meyer
* Joe Deng
* Purity Ochuko
* Roberto Abril
* Josh

## Meeting Notes

### SIG Design Overview and Scope

* Tyler Wright opened the meeting by welcoming participants and reiterating the purpose of the SIG Design as a coordination space for design, marketing, events, and documentation efforts across the Akash ecosystem.
* He noted that SIG Design also umbrellas the website and documentation working group, which meets on a separate cadence.
* Participants were invited to add agenda items via chat, with a planned focus on events, branding, growth marketing, and documentation updates.

### Event Design Support and Merchandise Updates

* Denis Lelic began with updates on recent event-related design efforts to keep discussions concise.
* The final major event of the year took place in San Diego, where Akash showcased custom-designed merchandise.
* Event branding centered on a ‚Äúcloud surfing‚Äù theme inspired by California surf culture, linking cloud computing concepts with familiar regional terminology.
* Merchandise included t-shirts, bags, bottles, and other swag items designed specifically for the event.
* Denis shared that engagement from attendees and internal teams was strong, prompting consideration of extending the cloud surfing theme into future branding initiatives.
* Planning for next year‚Äôs events has already begun, with continued focus on cohesive visual identity and intentional design.

### Akash Merchandise Shop Update

* Tyler Wright highlighted updates to the Akash merchandise shop, an initiative supported by SIG Design and the events working group.
* Designs previously used at conferences and events are now available in the shop.
* The shop operates on a break-even basis and is not intended to generate profit.
* The goal is to provide community members worldwide with access to Akash merchandise that is typically distributed for free at events.

### Advertising and Growth Marketing Performance

* Denis Lelic provided an overview of advertising efforts executed over the past year through a cross-functional collaboration.
* Campaigns ran across platforms such as Google and LinkedIn, with creatives refreshed frequently based on performance metrics.
* Ads varied in format, messaging, animation, and copy, with updates made on daily, weekly, or monthly cycles depending on results.
* The campaigns generated nearly two million impressions across platforms, contributing to brand awareness and traffic to Akash properties, including the console.
* Looking ahead, the team plans to continue experimenting with new creatives, ad formats, and potentially new platforms.
* Tyler Wright invited questions from participants regarding advertising performance before moving to the next topic.

### Branding Refresh and Design System Evolution

* Denis introduced a broader branding exercise aimed at elevating Akash‚Äôs presence across all touchpoints.
* The Akash logo remains unchanged to preserve recognition and brand equity.
* The brand book is being expanded with clearer guidance on positioning, usage rules, and examples of what to avoid.
* The primary Akash red remains unchanged, while secondary color palettes are being expanded for use in UI elements, illustrations, and diagrams.
* Updated typography includes a display typeface for expressive use and a functional sans-serif for body text and interfaces.
* A dedicated monospaced typeface is designated for technical content and code snippets.
* Black-and-white photography is being introduced to emphasize authenticity and highlight the human side of the ecosystem.
* The team aims to avoid generic stock photography in favor of documentary-style visuals.
* Hand-drawn illustrations are being incorporated to convey conceptual thinking and creativity.
* Graphic textures and standardized diagrams are being added to support complex infrastructure explanations.
* Example layouts demonstrated how typography, color, imagery, and illustrations come together cohesively.

### Product Design System and UI Consistency

* Denis confirmed adoption of a unified design system across current and future Akash products to reduce design debt and accelerate development.
* The shadCN component library was selected due to its open-source nature, Figma resources, and development speed.
* Lucid icons were chosen to align with the design system and ensure consistency across products.
* Joshua Meyer shared updates on early implementation within the Akash console.
* Initial updates focus on small theme changes, with plans for more comprehensive user experience improvements.
* The standardized system is expected to significantly improve development velocity and design consistency.

### Community Enablement and Contribution Support

* Tyler Wright emphasized that a key goal of the design system and branding work is to enable community contributors to focus on building rather than design decisions.
* Centralized design assets will support developers, documentation contributors, and event organizers globally.
* Denis confirmed that updated brand assets, logo kits, and guidelines will be published, primarily via Figma.
* Templates will be provided to further support community-led initiatives and consistency.

### Website and Documentation Working Group Update

* Tyler provided an update on documentation restructuring following the Cosmos SDK migration.
* Navigation and structure were redesigned to better serve both technical and non-technical users.
* New sections were added to support API usage and integrations.
* Contributors were encouraged to submit feedback, issues, and pull requests via the website repository and SIG channels.
* Search engine indexing is ongoing, and community members were asked to flag any issues observed during the transition.

### Zealy Swag Contest Announcement

* Benjamin B briefly introduced an upcoming Zealy swag contest with a total reward pool of $500.
* Detailed information will be shared via Discord and Zealy.
* Participants were invited to ask questions in the SIG Design Discord channel.

### Closing Remarks

* Tyler Wright reflected on the progress made throughout the year across design, marketing, and growth initiatives.
* Appreciation was expressed for contributions from core team members and the broader community.
* Participants were encouraged to stay engaged through upcoming working group meetings and contribution opportunities.
* The meeting concluded with holiday well-wishes and anticipation for continued collaboration in the coming year.

## Action Items

* **Denis Lelic:** Finalize and publish updated brand guidelines, logo kits, and design assets.
* **Joshua Meyer:** Continue rolling out the design system across the console and upcoming products.
* **Tyler Wright:** Support documentation updates and ensure community contribution pathways remain clear.
* **Benjamin B:** Share full details of the Zealy swag contest via Discord and Zealy.
* **Community Members:** Review new documentation structure and submit feedback or improvements via GitHub.
* **SIG Design:** Coordinate next meetings and continue enabling community-led design and development efforts.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG design by monthly meeting. Today is December 16th, 2025. During the special interest group for design, the Akash community gets together to talk about all things related to design andor marketing around Akos network. there is a the working group for the Akash websited docs that meets every two weeks that falls under the sik design umbrella.

Tyler Wright: So we'll talk about some items there. I know that there's been a number of events coming out of the working group for the events that the SIG design has been supporting with again swag marketing and visual communication elements for various booth setups and other associated events. so we'll talk about that as well. If anybody has any items that they want to talk about that are currently here that you want to add to the agenda, feel free to drop in the chat. but I know there will be some discussion around the 2 2025 kind of marketing discussion that passed on chain that was managed by the overclock labs team.

Tyler Wright: I think Dennis has some updates there and then again we'll talk about events. there have been a number of updates made to the website and documentation that will also be talked about. but again if anybody has any agenda items feel free to drop them in I'll hand it over to Dennis to talk about I guess first some of the efforts that came out of the 2 2025 growth proposal. and cool. And then,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: at the end, we'll give Benjamin some time to talk about the Zeli, swag contest. So, we'll talk about that as well. But, Dennis, I'll kick it over to you, to talk about, some of the learnings, winnings, and some of the effort that went into that H2 growth proposal.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, if you don't mind,‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: I think I would kick it off with events‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: because it's going to be shorter and maybe we're going to have a wider broader discussion around the proposals and stuff. Yeah. So, the last event that happened this year was neural IPS happened in San Diego. so, we had a bunch of different merch items that was intentionally designed with California wipes. And this year the theme was cloud surfing. and I have a video somewhere

Tyler Wright: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: So we kind of changed the lettering a little bit. So it looks like this, but we switched it up with this. So rips is kind of a known term in the surfers among surfers I guess.  And we played around with that and everything was designed with that in mind. We had t-shirts, items, merch items, bags, bottles, and so on and so on. And some of this is captured here in the video. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: So the news I got people and anyone who participated at the site event like the team. So we were just thinking about exploring the cloud surfing team a little bit more.  And for those who are not familiar with the term in cloud surfing refers to using cloud computing services over the internet. Yes. So that's the plan for the last event of the year.

Denis Lelic: So, we're already planning what's going to happen in the next year. and what do you think? Should we talk about the branding or the ads? Do you prefer anything? Otherwise, I'll just kick it off with the

Tyler Wright: I guess we can start with the ads and then go into branding. One thing I will call out is one of the efforts that came out of working group for the events in SIG design was an overhaul and update to shop. so a lot of the designs that Dennis just mentioned from the Nurups conference as well as well as a number of others are now available for people in the shop. Again, this is not something that is designed to make money in any way, shape or form.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: This is a break even kind of effort where a lot of people from events where again a lot of shirts and other merch and swag is handed out to people for free. A lot of people are like, " How can I get my hands on that?" And so this is a way for anybody to be able to support the Kosh network wherever they are. and again, this is a cost effort. We can again as the store grows talk about sales during SIG design but again not everything is priced at cost and‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: will continue to be so.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, thanks for bringing that up.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, we have a lot of stuff to cover. So, for the ads and for the sake of everyone's time, I'm just going to share a couple of, creatives, that were done in the past. so this was a crossf functional team effort that collaborated to create different ads for different platforms like Google, LinkedIn all the well-known platforms. So these ads were updated sometimes on a weekly, monthly, daily basis. depends on the metrics of each of the ad and campaign.

Denis Lelic: So all of these efforts I'll share boosted brand awareness and funneled u drove traffic to the site and eventually to akash console. So all of these ads that were running in the past year or so generated nearly two million impressions. And here's a list of how many per per platform.

Tyler Wright: You might be displaying a different tab. Yeah.

Denis Lelic: So, Yeah. Again, so here are some of the ads. Some of them are animated, different messaging, different formats, different copy.

Denis Lelic: And these were changed as I said on sometimes daily basis. So all of these ads generated nearly 2 million impressions. And here's a breakdown for each of the platform. And looking ahead we're still going to explore new creatives, ad formats, maybe even new platforms in the next year.  So, we'll make sure we're experimenting with new ideas, testing, see what works best, and so on. Yeah. Anything you want to add here, type

Tyler Wright: No. Just want to see if anybody has any questions about ads, where they were. Did anyone see any other questions related to ads before we move on?

Denis Lelic: ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: All right. Thank you.

Denis Lelic: the next topic would be There was a little branding exercise we did to see how can we bring Akash to a new level across different touch points. So we try to improve every brand component, every touch point, basically everything we're working with. And starting off with the logo. not much is changing here.

Denis Lelic: And that's intentional again.

Tyler Wright: You might be in a different tab again,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Dennis. There we go.

Denis Lelic: Sorry. Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Yeah, he's there. I see him there.

Denis Lelic: Sorry about that.

Denis Lelic: yeah, the sign or the we're not changing much here. and that's intentional. because we think Akash logo already does its job it's recognizable. It's been a while. I don't how many years even before I joined the core team this logo was used.  So we're just keeping the core as it is. So basically I'm sharing a deck updated guidelines here as well. so we're expanding our brand book a little bit and adding more guidance, even like positioning. We're going to add some templates there.


### 00:10:00

Denis Lelic: we're going to add clear things to avoid. For example, what not to do with certain brand elements. and color is again something that's already well recognized. A cash has its own red and it's well associated with the brand. So we're just not going to change that at all. but we are expanding the secondary pallet which is going to be used across different things. we need secondary pallet in UI elements for example illustration diagrams and so on and so a little example of pairings how colors work on actually logo how it works on a different background.

Denis Lelic: hierarchy of color and things we want to avoid. There is a change with the selected type faces and we wanted to do something that feels unique something that works for branding and for the technical content. So we landed on two type faces.  This one in the middle is called Utile Display. So, as it says, it's going to be our display type. kind of feels modern, but it's still warm. I have another slide here. This kind of shows the character of the type face a little bit more.

Denis Lelic: so yeah, it has these classic proportions, but it's also a little bit like Roman in structure, but it doesn't feel that old. And the other one is called Sans. and this is the workhorse type face. It's like this classic grotesque, but it's still kind of has this human character to it. Feels timeless.  and kind of looks good. we have another one which is a technical type face often you often used for code snippets and stuff like that.

Denis Lelic: So if we have to put it on a chart, utile is going to be an expressive type face and science mono is going to be something very technical functional for code snippets and science is pretty much covering everything in between.  So, photography is adding something that I personally think we were missing in the past and it shows the human side. so, we're going to use black and white photography. it's going to feel honest, real, and u kind of documented.

Denis Lelic: so we're gonna try to avoid the usual stock photo stereotypes when you kind of go to shutter stocks of the world and type in cloud computing blowing people next to server racks. Another branding element we're bringing is illustrations. you're probably seeing these already if you're paying attention to exposed. so this illustrations is going to bring some creativity into the system and we're going to have this handdrawn illustrations. and these should feel thinking on paper. I know I have it written somewhere. yeah.

Denis Lelic: Here it says illustration should feel like thinking of paper. so yeah again just trying to find something here unique for Akash and so far it's looking good on the exposts. we even had some guy there who was trying to recreate one of the post we did. So that was cool. next to the illustrations, we're bringing these graphic textures that are going to be placed behind the illustrations. And the next component is the diagrams.


### 00:15:00

Denis Lelic: So these should just help explain complex ideas in the world of cloud computing and infrastructure and everything that's going on. So these should be very clean and geometrical logical and so on and so on.  So we mentioned couple of brand components from typography, logo, colors, backgrounds and so on and so So in the design layout is where they all come together and here we see just a couple of examples and as I said something like this is already seen on expos with minor tweaks.

Denis Lelic: So for example the current type we're currently using on the website as well. we have a design system for user interface. we selected a while ago. so we're planning to use shed CN across all the products that are up and coming.  that's going to be designed in the future, but we're also planning to adapt all of the products that were done in the past. so yeah, it's going to create a new level of consistency. Hopefully, it's going to speed up the development and it's going to reduce some design depth we have from the past.

Denis Lelic: then Lucid icons are actually part of the Chad Cien design world and they're also open sourced. I think it says here it's 600 icons or something like that.  So there's a range of icons we can work with and it's consistent consistently being updated and it's also open source. So whoever is going to try to do something on their own just grab the shaded CN and we're going to be on the same page.

Denis Lelic: So just a quick overview the pallet we're keeping the couch five faces we're updating we're adding a new photography style illustrations something we are already using and design layouts in here we're going to finish off with just the look and feel where everything comes together just to see how it's connecting  Yeah, that's it on the branding side. I know Josh you're here, right? I don't know if you want to say something about shed CN as you wish. I don't want to put you on the spot.

Joshua Meyer: No, no. Yeah. for those of you that have had a chance to check out Akos you'll have noticed that that's kind of the first implementation of it. if you haven't, please go check it out. but otherwise, yeah, we've currently going through a couple of updates for the console and implementing that change. we'll start off small with just some smaller theme updates and then hopefully that's going to allow us to spend a little bit more time on a more comprehensive user experience update just to make the console as easy to use as possible.

Joshua Meyer: And then as you mentioned any future products or other iterations we'll be sure to apply this is to just drastically speed up design development reduce any debt that kind of thing.  So excited to get running with all of this.

Denis Lelic: Sounds good.

Denis Lelic: Cool. Benjamin.


### 00:20:00

Denis Lelic: Ty, you want to add anything?

Tyler Wright: No. ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: again I just want to reiterate obviously this is going to speed up cycles for the core team but really another goal is to continue to invite members of the community.  I know that Joe Deng the community apach community manager is always looking for ways for people to contribute and with again this design system library implementation and with the design elements that have come in through the branding exercise which I'm hoping that all these items will be easily accessible in sig design as well as on the website but really the goal is  contributors, can just focus on code. All the other elements are there for them.

Tyler Wright: they don't have to think too hard about how to design something or again any new people in the open source community that are building tools that leverage the Akash network instead of having to spend a great deal of cycles thinking about design they can just focus on just building and everything else is kind of outlined and structured and uniform and clean.  So this really goes a long way not only for the core team but also for the community both on the product side as well as those trying to contribute to the website and documentation and people are doing events all over the world and are looking for assets or looking for how to use a brand or how not to use a brand. Again this all makes those efforts a significant amount easier to think about and execute on.

Tyler Wright: Really excited about this.

Tyler Wright: But I guess that brings me to my question. is this going to be on the website and The next year?

Denis Lelic: Yes, in the next year.

Denis Lelic: We got two weeks of this year. So, it's definitely going to be next year. we're doing some exploration on the website starting off with the homepage and we're just going to try to move as fast and quick as possible and provide a new update probably in the next s design.

Denis Lelic: As you know, the website, it's I don't know how many pages we got there, but we're going to start off with the homepage and just work our way through.

Denis Lelic: So, hopefully it's going to be soon. Yes,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Yeah. No,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: I was just wondering from the perspective I think historically on the footer of the website we've had a branding area or it's kind of look right.

Denis Lelic: it's still there, but it's called Akash brand assets.

Tyler Wright: 

Tyler Wright: Yes, exactly.

Denis Lelic: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: I was wondering is Brandon press if we go there if we can update the doc or if we can link to some of these libraries or link to the logo kit.

Denis Lelic: There's going to be a new updated logo kit.

Denis Lelic: There's going to be an update on the logo kit in Figma and we're going to add a couple of new slides to this deck we just went through and we're going to update the brand guidelines as well. Yeah, we'll try to support even the community as much as we can with providing templates probably in Figma‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Beautiful. Makes sense to me.

Denis Lelic: because it's easy to share and most of designers and whoever is working on the visuals are kind of keen with Figma these days.

Denis Lelic: any updates you want to share with docs? I know you mentioned something

Tyler Wright: Yeah. good segue. again historically I know that sometimes there is some complexity. and again as we move into 2026 the goal is to make it easier for people in the ecosystem to use Akash as well as contribute to the growth and evolution of the Akash network. To that end the core team has spent some time since the Cosmos SDK 53 migration to update the structure and a lot of the content in the Akash network documentation.


### 00:25:00

Tyler Wright: I'm going to share my screen and again you can perfect segue because you could see a number of the elements that Dennis has already called out from graphics to elsewhere but the idea was really around again restructuring the tabs and the navigation on the lefth hand side as well as a number of calls to action all throughout the website or all throughout the doc.  So for folks that are extremely technical and want to understand core concepts, we made it very easy and clear and so people can get around. And so again, this will help for folks that are looking to contribute for folks that are looking to just leverage API. I think this documentation actually didn't exist until recently. And so there's documentation here on how to get started with the how to leverage API endpoints.

Tyler Wright: and I know these are a lot of items that people have in the community when they're thinking about integrations. again there's this exper documentation on the entire experience and a big shout out to members of the core engineering team as well as folks in SIG design here who helped to again contribute to this documentation and bring it live last couple of weeks. I know that the Google search and other search engines have to do some web crawling to optimize for this new documentation. So, again, if you see any items over the next couple weeks, feel free to call those out in the working group for the website. but, there should be a lot of improvement and again, this is another way for folks to get involved.

Tyler Wright: If you can still see, areas in which the documentation can be improved, more examples can be provided, more clear documentation can be shared. again, you can directly contribute to documentation via the website repo or just share ideas and issues in the website repo sig design working group for a website and docs.

Denis Lelic: Thanks for the update on the docs front. I think I covered pretty much everything I wanted to say. so if anyone has any questions, feel free to speak.

Tyler Wright: Benjamin, I know that you wanted to talk about Zeely swag contest.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think I'll just mention it very briefly here because there's not a lot of people in this call. basically, we're going to host a $500 swag contest. We're going to put all the details on Discord instead and on Cel because, as I mentioned, there's not a lot of people here. but I'm wondering if anyone has any questions for the contest or if I should just write everything offline.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, feel free to drop it in the Discord s design chat.

Tyler Wright: Absolutely. Any other agenda items related to sick design that anyone wants to make sure that we discuss cool?

Denis Lelic: You can do the outro part time.

Tyler Wright: Again this is the last SIG design meeting of again been a lot that's been going on in 2025 across growth design marketing efforts.

Denis Lelic: This is

Tyler Wright: You will see a number of new case studies and blogs that will be coming out shortly thanks to again a new member of the core team Michelle who's going to be doing a lot of content management. but again as we move into 2026 look out for a number of ways to contribute. again, thanks to Dennis, Josh, everyone here in SIG design that's maybe not here that's been involved in designs in 2025 and has helped to push again the branding and the design systems kind of process to where it is today where I think it should be a lot easier for people to contribute to 2026 and beyond.


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: again there will be another working group for the website before the end of the year. but looking forward to continuing to implement there should be again a number of action items that have come out of this meeting from members of the core team as well as a community. Ben will drop in some additional notes on the ZLY swag contest in Discord and other channels.  But much appreciate all the effort this year and looking forward to again a lot more in 2026. So hope everyone has a great rest of their week a great holiday season and again look for more resources available soon.

Tyler Wright: Please feel free to ask for them in sick design. and then, continue to reach out to Joe,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: Benjamin, other members of the insider community for ways to contribute. because again, there's a number of ways. Thank you everybody. Have a great rest of your day.

Benjamin B: Thank you,‚Ä¶

Denis Lelic: Thank you.

Benjamin B: 

Benjamin B: Tyler. Thanks,‚Ä¶

Roberto Abril: Thank you.

Benjamin B: everybody. My

Denis Lelic: Bye. Bye.


### Meeting ended after 00:34:07 üëã


