# Akash Network - Zealy Working Group (WG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda 
- Recap of the pilot phase, including feedback sharing.
- Budget and Time Length for Zealy Initiative
- Discussion on the action plan, particularly focusing on mission frequency and rewards payout.
- Progress Updates

## Meeting Details
- Date: Monday, January 15, 2024
- Time: 11:30 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://pwxu73zd32wt2eg5bbao4apsgs6zso2bu4v4ixu2wyf7bv3dbvuq.arweave.net/fa9P7yPerT0Q3QhA7gHyNL2ZO0GnK8RemrYL8NdjDWk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Benjamin B
- George Pro
- Robert Del Rey
- Scott Hewitson
- Ty Wright 

## Meeting Notes
### Progress Updates:
##### Robert Del Rey:
- Shared screen to showcase feedback, ensuring no sensitive information was disclosed.
- Received twelve responses over a two-week period.
- Notable comment from a non-technical participant expressing motivation to deploy on Akash.
- Emphasized the success of onboarding individuals into Zealy, shared the positive impact in Discord.
- Discussions about the missions during the week with Benjamin.
- Some feedback indicated a need for more detailed mission instructions, specifying testnet or mainnet deployment.
- Instead of creating missions from scratch, planning to provide guides on Akash processes.
- Each section of a guide will be treated as a mission, addressing clarity and expectations for participants.
- Emphasized the importance of learning from feedback to improve the mission structure.
- Mentioned the possibility of incorporating both beginner and advanced tasks into Zealy.
- Invited participants to share initial ideas or comments on the proposed mission restructuring.
- Mentioned the potential for more complex tasks in Zealy while maintaining beginner-friendly elements.

### Monthly Sprints Proposal
##### Robert Del Rey:
- Suggestion to transition from a pilot to monthly sprints.
- Expresses belief in the success of the pilot and the potential for ongoing improvement.
- Envisioning monthly missions with continuous community engagement.
- Proposed ideas like introducing new missions, special Discord roles (Zealy quests, Zealy boss), and showcasing completed missions.
- Shared screenshots of submissions from the "Create your own website and host it on Akash" mission.
- Highlighted the significance of users successfully deploying websites on Akash.
- Demonstrated Discord screen to showcase participant submissions and engagement.

### Budget and Time Length Discussion
##### Robert Del Rey:
- Transitioning to the next segment focusing on budget and time length for future campaigns.
- Discussing whether to propose a signaling proposal or directly seek funding through the community support proposal.
- Opened the floor for ideas and opinions from the group, considering their perspective on the initiative's progress.
- Asked about their feelings on starting from scratch, having one pilot, payout rewards, and discussing the future.
##### Ty Wright's Input:
- Acknowledged the success of the experiment in creating community initiatives.
- Shared thoughts on the program's design, which was initially a pilot with resources from the community support proposal.
- Discussed the concept of a micro grant program, focusing on smaller amounts for initiatives, potentially up to $2,000 USD in AKT.
- Proposed a discussion on the program's outcomes, cost for the entire year, and mission before seeking on-chain funding.
- Recognized the success of the Zealy pilot, suggesting that it could be a yearly program to bring new users to Akash.
- Encouraged discussion on whether another round of pilot testing is needed before proposing on-chain funding.
- Referenced the recently passed community budget and suggested further asynchronous discussions in Zealy chat.
- Emphasized the presence of enough evidence, case studies, and real-life examples from Zealy to support a discussion and plan for the year.

### Next Steps:
- Robert expressed having enough data to create a proposal, including stats on rewards paid out, participant engagement, and completed missions.
- Suggested planning for sustaining the initiative for one year, potentially with a second plan for six months.
- Ty Wright supported the idea of moving forward with a proposal and encouraged discussing the budget and outcomes for the program over the entire year.
- Ty Wright proposed engaging in a GitHub discussion or talking to Hewitson and Ty Wright about potential funds for a secondary pilot.
- Ty Wright suggested a quick discussion offline between Benjamin and Robert to decide on numbers and details before engaging in broader discussions.
- Encouraged fast-tracking the process due to the existing case studies and successful pilot outcomes.
- Benjamin inquired about the possibility of utilizing January funds for a quick continuation of the pilot to maintain momentum.
- Benjamin expressed the need for planning details such as the number of people to include in the program.
- Ty acknowledged that Benjamin and Robert have demonstrated the ability to handle various aspects of the initiative, emphasizing the working group's ownership.
- Benjamin suggested involving the working group in planning to ensure agreement on essential details.
- Acknowledged the need for collective agreement among those actively involved and interested in the initiative.
- Concluded with the idea that everyone actively interested in the initiative should have a say in determining fair numbers and statistics for the program.

### Plan Moving Forward:
- Ty Wright suggested taking a week to devise a comprehensive plan covering management costs, rewards amounts, desired outcomes, etc.
- Proposed presenting the plan either as a draft or in a document format, whichever is easiest for the team.
- Scheduled a working group Zealy meeting for the following Monday to iron out details on the record before initiating GitHub discussions.
- Emphasized the importance of including clear breakdowns of management costs and other details in the GitHub discussions.
- Benjamin confirmed the clarity of the plan, suggesting ironing out details offline before discussing them in the next meeting.
- Opened the floor for suggestions or adjustments to variables such as the number of personnel needed and the amount of rewards.
- Ty Wright expressed the importance of starting from a place where the team feels comfortable and appreciated, rather than imposing arbitrary numbers.
### Rewards Payout Overview:
##### Robert Del Rey:
- Exporting data from Zealy provides basic information in an Excel file.
- Data includes usernames, addresses, and mission completion details.
- Noted the simplicity of the process but discovered a challenge during the second pilot extension.
#### Challenge Encountered
- Participants from the first pilot had existing point balances when the second pilot started.
- Points earned in the second pilot needed to be matched with the existing balances for accurate reward calculation.
- Run a separate export and matched the data to calculate differences between the first and second pilots.
- Determined points for winners who participated in both pilots to avoid overpayment.
- Acknowledged the complexity and expressed plans to improve the reward determination process.
- Proposed structuring missions so that only the last mission provides rewards, simplifying calculations.
- Suggested limiting mission completion to once a month for easier reporting and winner determination.
#### Current Status:
- Confirmed readiness to pay out rewards, acknowledging the need for improvements in future calculations.
- Robert expressed the intention to proceed with reward payouts and announced a brief announcement regarding gathering addresses from participants.
- Raised the question of whether to ask participants for addresses again or confirm existing ones before sending out rewards
- Benjamin suggested allowing participants to change their addresses if needed by DMing before payouts, but otherwise, proceeds should be sent to their provided addresses.
### Rodrigo's Remarks:
- Rodrigo congratulated Robert and Benjamin for their leadership in taking over the Zealy program.
- Initially skeptical due to past experiences with other programs, Rodrigo acknowledged the success and user growth achieved through Zealy.
- Commended Robert and Benjamin for effectively leading the initiative and gaining users.
- Supported the idea of going on-chain and securing funding for the entire year, expressing confidence in the effectiveness of the Zealy program.
- Offered assistance and expressed readiness to help in any capacity to ensure the continued success of Zealy.
- Robert recognized the support from Rodrigo and the entire community in contributing to the success of the Zealy program.
### Remainder of Funds:
- Benjamin inquired about the handling of the remainder of the funds and proposed drafting a proposal for their usage.
- Ty Wright provided two options: either use the funds for new missions or return them for a clean break while planning next steps.
- Suggested discussing further with Hewitson and Ty Wright regarding the decision and ensuring transparency in handling the funds.

### Other matters discussed
#### Scheduling Next Meeting:
- Ty Wright proposed scheduling the next Zealy meeting for either 9:00 AM or 9:30 AM Eastern time next Monday.
- Robert confirmed the availability of both times and expressed gratitude for the flexibility in scheduling.
- Decision was made to hold the meeting at 9:30 AM Eastern time to accommodate participants' time zones better, especially for Hewitson.
- Robert confirmed the chosen time for the next meeting and expressed gratitude.
- Ty Wright expressed appreciation to everyone, indicating the meeting's conclusion.
## Action items 
- Ongoing efforts to enhance mission details and instructions based on feedback.
- Benjamin and Robert to work on the proposal details, including cost analysis and program goals.
- Ty Wright and Hewitson to provide guidance on the budget and funding options.
- Group to initiate GitHub discussions for the Zealy program
- Group to Schedule a working group Zealy meeting for the following Monday to discuss and finalize details on the record before initiating GitHub discussions.


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Robert Del Rey: All right, and happy Monday everybody. Welcome to the silly working group called This is the first one we have on 2024. We are almost three weeks in 2020 24 things are going fast. But yeah. Let's make it happen. So as I was saying earlier. I want to discuss two segments. I want to divide this whole into segments unless you want to add anything else to the agenda. But these are the topics. I'd like to go over in today's call. the pilot we had the second phase we ended and we also share a feedbacks form. I'd like to go over some of the feedbacks. That is 10 just that can be in the recording and you can see the updates in the future.

Robert Del Rey: Also, I'm gonna discuss the action plan that we have for the action plan that Benji and I discussed this week about how the missions are going to look from now on. This includes the amount of missions and the frequency that we're going to release missions. Lastly the rewards payout we were doing the calculations and yeah, we're almost ready to pay out the rewards. We're gonna discuss that in a sec. And the next segment it's gonna be about budget and time length for the Sealy initiative just for next campaigns determine if we want to do this for three times in the year for times we want to do this every month. That is the other segment about so that we can prepare better.

Robert Del Rey: To release this to the broader Community as far as proposal goes and discussion goals. I like to go over those topics. So yeah. If you guys have another topic that we can add to the agenda now will be a great time to drop it or you can also drop it in the chat below. I will give you one to two seconds, right?

Robert Del Rey: Alrighty. Let me bring up my notes. I will also go ahead and share the screen real quickly. So you can see some of the feedbacks there is no personal or sensitive info share in this form. So I will go ahead and share the screen. having said that all right. So yeah, we got five responses In a two weeks period which I find cool. We have a few comments as you can see one of the question is what were your key takeaways from this event. And for example, this comment says I'm a very thick not a very technical person but this event encouraged me to actually try to deploy various things on a cache.

Robert Del Rey: Learning a few things in the process and definitely will use a cash if I ever need to run some workload in the future. I'm considering for a website llllms mbpns. I love this comment is crazy because the intention we initially had and Benji. It's a witness you Tyler our witness, right? The mission we had was onboarding people into Sealy and I believe this feedback. it's a great one. I even share it in the Discord. if you go below we have other comments we have and additional feedbacks on the missions and this one we're gonna have more details actually Benjamin. I went over during this week why we were chatting about the missions and one key comment.

Robert Del Rey: Is the missions can be more detailed, some of them had clear instructions, but it wasn't clear what we were expecting some had clear so we're not clear if we were gonna be on test net our main net if I gonna deploy these forever. I have to run this forever or if I just need to run this take a screenshot and then submit the screenshot right? We'll learn a lot in the process. So one of the solutions benjamini came up with instead of coming out with missions out of our minds. Is that we're gonna get guides about how to do certain process on a cache.

Robert Del Rey: And we're gonna divide that guide in some sections and each section is gonna be a mission. For example, let me give you an example. There is one guy. It's about creating a basic web app in Python and deploying it on a cache sounds really cool. Right so.

00:05:00

Robert Del Rey: It got three steps. So each step is gonna be a For example, the first mission for this one. It can be the requisites that you need to do this. So to ensure that you can follow along the guide you need to use Python you need to use Docker maybe you might need to use visual studio, right?

Robert Del Rey: And you need to get that and create that account before getting it started. So the first mission could be that and when you do that mission you will have access to the other Mission which is about creating the environment. The next mission is gonna be creating and testing the web app. maybe we believe that doing the missions that way people are gonna learn even better. The missions will be funner more fun, I guess and everything's gonna be clear in a sense that you're gonna know the step you're currently on. And when you do it only when you do it, you're gonna be doing the next step.

Robert Del Rey: And maybe finally when they complete all the steps and follow the guide to completion that's the time where they can claim the required and that way it's gonna be easier for us calculating the rewards which was another whole new mission for jamin. because on how silly exports that data if that's a right way to say it. I know I said a lot so far in this introduction. I don't know if you guys have a question or if I should go ahead and continue with my talking, but maybe I'd like to know if you have some initial ideas on how the missions would change now.

Robert Del Rey: If not that terrifying guys, if you have any random comment, just popping up just drop it in the chats or in the CD score. But yeah, that's one that was about. The feedback we got. And I also about how the missions are gonna look based on that feedback. We want to keep making this environment fun and learning for everybody. I'm pretty sure we're gonna have time and a space for more complicated tasks.

Robert Del Rey: I don't see why cannot add those into silly to and complement them with also The Beginner's task that I was just talking about. But really nice. Also, we're thinking that that is an extreme just to make it easier for us and to keep track on the Sprints the rewards the money. All of that. We also believe that if we run the Sprints in a monthly basis.

Robert Del Rey: Instead this was a pilot, right? But based on what we noticed on the Pilot We believe that during this into something that we come up with New Missions to do every month and we keep the ball rolling like you say guys doing monthly different missions and having different people do the missions and complete them and give them A special roles on Discord like silly quests computer or silly boss. Those are many years I'm just trying to say that Benjamin. we see a great future in this first pilot was super successful in very knows some of the things we can improve and also let us know they're real power that is behind this because I don't know if you also so the screenshots that I share on the

Robert Del Rey: on the silly these courses about some websites people did I don't know if I can share this in the screen. do you still see the form or you see these corner?

Benjamin B: I still see that.

Tyler Wright: Still through the form.

Robert Del Rey: Yes because I share only that is really nice. Stop sharing. one second guys

Robert Del Rey: We're live, Just commented the window. okay here you can see my Discord you see it. people awesome. Thank you so much. So these are some of the submissions we got for create your own website and host it on a cash. And yeah, it might not be the bestest graphic designs in the world. But what for me they look beautiful man because these are Creations people just

00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: and design these got the info they needed they put on a cash and did their submissions and for me that is I don't know. it was really good. I mean, I bendy saw it first when he was reviewing the missions, but when he shared that with me, I was so blown away, even though I don't understand anything that says here and overall how people were able to I don't know. Maybe they had this going and they just move it to a cash. I don't care. Maybe they did it from zero. I don't mind but the key thing is that they were able to deploy the website on a cache or run the website on a cache.

Robert Del Rey: and yeah for me that was super powerful and we want to do more of that in the ceiling. So yeah, just let me move on a little unless you guys have any other question about the feedbacks. We got the action plan. We got for the missions. I will go ahead and briefly talk about the rewards payout I don't want to get in many super profound details because Yeah, how would you export data of silly you click on export members exports data and you're gonna get an Excel file and there you will have the username if they sign up with an address. You will see the address you will see how many missions they did in but I guess it's accurate to say that it's super basic.

Robert Del Rey: However, it's that basic that we discover something while doing this pilot and when extending the pilot. so the first time we did it we didn't have Anybody doing the missions so basically everybody started from zero when the first pilot ended. We just exported the data and it was super easy to see how much everybody won for the missions.

Robert Del Rey: However, the second time we did it exactly we run the second screen people have started doing missions. and those that already did missions were getting The points to do for doing the second pilot extension, And those points were being added to their previous Point balance that they have from the first pilot. So ported this info again when the second pilot ended We explored the info again and everything was at it to the final result. So basically we had to run a separate. We got to export the info again, and we basically kind of matched it with the first export with it. And we calculated the difference in rewards between the first time people did it.

Robert Del Rey: And the second pilot we also had people that only got rewards from the second pilot those were easy to discover because it was their first time they were beginning from zero. But we by doing this matching and subscribing subtracting. We were able to determine the points for winners in the second pilot that also want something in the first pilot.

Robert Del Rey: And we were able to determine the exact amount that they won. So we won't be over paying them. We were able to get calculation. we learned the way to do it. I don't know it's queer complicated. It definitely can be proof. I guess Benjamin's talking about modifying some script. So yeah, I'm pretty sure we're gonna overcome that in and make it easier to determine the rewards for next time. So the possible solutions would be like what I say before we can structure the missions in a way that only last mission when you complete the process of tasks that last mission is the only one that is gonna give you the prices.

Robert Del Rey: and the other making sure missions you can do them only once a month. So we have that report once a month. It's also gonna be easier to determine the winners and then Those are easier to find they're not winners. But yeah, that's the situation with the rewards payout. I guess that we're already have the final number. Im sorry. I just haven't said that. I'm a site to pay out the rewards. So that's on me. High honestly, but yeah, that's the situation with the rewards right now and that's gonna be for the first segment of this goal feedback's Mission action plan and the rewards payout. Do you guys have any questions about what I just said

00:15:00

Robert Del Rey: in the meantime, I'm reading what Benji sent in the show. So I can modify the script I made to save price information. To make sure this doesn't happen again. Yes. Sure. And yeah, I'm pretty sure we're gonna find a way I don't have about it. It's just that it's crazy. How the more we get involved in this the more we learn about it, right and more things we discover along the way trust me. If you ask me about all of this three months ago, I wouldn't be able to answer you health of the questions. and yeah, I'm sure we're gonna get that sorted out.

Robert Del Rey: My dad, It's been a while experience. So that's why I want to really discuss the next segment of this call, which is about the budget we're gonna have for this and the time length for the next campaigns and if we are gonna have a signaling proposal to see how the community feels about it, or if you should just go straight away.

Robert Del Rey: And ask for more funding from the community support proposal the best way to go forward. I don't know. I'm just like setting the pace now I love to know some of your ideas Maybe you Thanks for working on a holiday. Thanks for having time with us. Maybe you can let us know. How do you feel about all of these as an Akash team member as a core team overclock team. Sorry as in a cash. Call Robert Clock Team. How do you feel about seeing these initiary from zero maybe having one pilot pilot to paint out rewards and now discussing about the future. How do you see it as a court team member And how do you sit in the future starting from here? I guess that's my question man.

Ty Wright: Yeah, no, I think. This has been an ideal kind of experiment in.

Ty Wright: Just creating Community initiatives, obviously there's been a number of technical ads but I think this kind of programming. I know it's something that Adam wozni has thought about a lot, Huey and myself and other members of the core team and also thought about a lot is empowering folks like you Robert who are very involved and have great ideas and they're creating kind of programming that's going to get folk other folks like yourself and other new users, that can potentially be inside which vanguards Etc. So, at the highest level, I think this is been a success obviously who Akash have now been, inspired to use it through this program. I think it was always designed to be a pilot, where the resources came from the community support proposal.

Ty Wright: I don't know how you all want to move forward really the idea around the community support proposals for smaller items smaller. Bounties and rewards that are less than 500 dollars in akt, kiwi and I want to put forth a discussion. I would involve other members of the community to create a program that would really be a micro grant program. So no amount larger than maybe two thousand USD in akt, but the goal is to really push initiatives this right before. a proposal like this, which I think should eventually go For a discussion and then on chain to get funds for the entire year.

Ty Wright: You don't know how these programs are going to fair. When you think about them. I think before diving into a community pool. It's great to be able to Pilot some of these things and test how successful some of these programs could potentially be I think it's what we did here and you and Benjamin have been great leaders and have shown all right, zealy is a platform that people will use isn't something that can grow. something has legs and we can use In my opinion the successes of the pilot. In a discussion that can start like hey, this is what we think it'll cost for the entire year to run this program. This is the outcomes. We think this is the mission of the program and again with the Wind from the pilots. I see. No reason why this wouldn't pass and just be a yearly program, that would be another way to bring new.

00:20:00

Ty Wright: users onto the Akash platform so that's how I think about it. If you all think that it needs another round of pilot before it potentially goes on chain. I can talk to Huey because I believe the community Budgets just passed last week so we could talk about using potentially some funds from January to continue on with the pilot. We can continue that conversation async maybe in zealy chat. But again, whether it be like the case studies or the feedback that you just got or, examples of some of The real life thing that people have done on zealy. I think there's enough evidence and there's nothing this way more than enough of a case.

Ty Wright: To put a discussion on to to create a plan for the year, and figure out how much

Robert Del Rey: awesome No,â€¦

Ty Wright: I know I said a lot so I apologize.

Robert Del Rey: I did you said. What's great? Thank you. You were more that bad enough. it was actually exactly where I wanted to go. what in thought could start gathering for all now on so when we come up with a discussion, we have enough to get proposal. I got a few stats like the numbers of rewards paid out how many people have engaged in missions how many missions were completed? So I guess we're gonna think about how much will it cost to outdo sustain this for one year maybe have also a second plan for six months and share that with you guys and go from there what you say and also adding the real life examples that you say by the end.

Ty Wright: I

Ty Wright: I think for me that's the best step forward again. Benjamin and Robert you have shown the leadership, to kind of run this program and continue moving forward. So from management standpoint, I think we're in a good place. It's just about what those missions are and this a really defining what the program is and what success could look like for the program over the course of the year,

Robert Del Rey: awesome time Thank you. Benjamin if you want to jump into the common now, maybe you got some extra comments. You want to say see you in the comment Rodrigo actually assisted some people In the first stages on the pilot. So rather maybe if you want to share anything feel free to drop so to do so I'm just talking right? I got to direct this but this is basically Open Mic if you want to just jump in and say anything just do go ahead Benjamin. So your hand first.

Benjamin B: I think a great way to continue Just discussing should we have the main discussion being GitHub? Where should we try to agree on numbers and the details here? What do you guys think is the best option?

Ty Wright: it's my opinion that from a leadership standpoint. Maybe this is something you Benjamin and Robert could talk about offline and then can have a discussion if there is a desire to Support funds for a secondary or a third pilot, talk to Kyrie and I about it and then if not, then I think it should just go up and GitHub discussion.

Ty Wright: and frankly if you want to put up in a GitHub discussion before and the next steering committee meeting, that also might be good because then again we can kind of fast-track this because again, we already have case studies and proof in the pudding from the pilots.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think it makes sense to do either one or two of those because I don't think this should be living off that proposal forever. And we're trying to plan some of the details of time me and Robert's already but basically what you're saying is that we should try to come up with some details. Of exact numbers of them we can move forward with discussion.

00:25:00

Ty Wright: Yeah, I think we can move this very quickly. The only reason why I say it might be if you all decide hey can we have 1,000 or 1500 dollar USD in akt from the January part of the community pool or Community Support budgets because we don't want to lose any momentum that we had over the last couple of weeks and we feel like we have a good momentum going and that would make sense. If you feel like the momentum wouldn't be lost and you all could wait a couple of weeks until you figure out a long-term plan like this as Robert just said it could be you all figure out what a plan for the year looks like, but then you're just asking for Quarterly, Chunks on chains similarly to what?

Ty Wright: the overclock team does with and what Adam does with the events proposal, you have a signaling proposal proposal for the whole year and then you have a community spend proposal for every quarter. You can do it that way or it might just be easier to just manage it for the year and get that money up front, and obviously depends on how much money you all think this program needs and obviously Huey and I can help with the budget if you think hey his x amount of dollars too much we can say can we do it for cheaper or no to make that it makes sense, so we're certainly a sounding board. But I do think you all have shown the ability to own this outright, Where everything from again?

Ty Wright: Building out the missions, following up with members of the community judging the missions and paying out you all have shown the ability to handle that so we should continue in that same thing.

Benjamin B: Also, thanks for that answer. I think that we can definitely do that and While I don't see needs to take you more and do it instantly maybe Robert wants to do that. I think that we need some help to figure out really some things. how many people should we? It's fair to include in this program. the hackathon the proposal is currently asking for free people and then How much is fair to ask per person? I think those details are nice to agree upon in the working group called

Benjamin B: because sure mean Robert can just figure something out and then people can say yeah, we kind of agree we don't agree but if something can be agreed upon in this meeting that would mean that at least everyone involved and actively interested in this no start. Yeah. we all think this is fair.

Ty Wright: That makes sense. I guess from that standpoint. Maybe you all take the week to kind of devise a plan that would include management costs like everything, rewards amounts, desired outcomes all that kind of stuff and it could be presented either get a dish draft or it could be in a dock whatever is the easiest for you all and then we can have a

Ty Wright: working group zealy meeting same time next Monday where we iron out all these details on the record before putting it on GitHub discussions, and obviously the GitHub discussions would include those details This is how much it costs to manage this program and it'll just be broken down there and so be very clear to everybody but we'll also have again next week's conversation on the record where the participants all agree to what we think is fair for all those things. that Benjamin is that more of a clear plan moving forward. I know Rodrigo has his hand up. So I apologize for keep.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I think that's more clear. So we give iron out our details of line. and then we discuss it in the next meeting if you feel like there is a need to adjust it or should we we could just next meeting try to I don't know we could have this variables for every single thing. We can say we think that we need two or three people for this. Then we should be good. We think we need this amount of rewards and then we could discuss everything because I don't know if you want to bring in suggestions in anything or if you rather want us to just yeah, we think we need this. Do you think this makes sense?

00:30:00

Ty Wright: Yeah, I think everybody circumstances are different and I'd rather start from a place of this is where you all feel comfortable and feel, appreciated and can do the best possible effort versus us, trying to put some arbitrary number for some dollars and sense of theoretically we don't control, you know what I'm saying? So we're just working alongside you

Benjamin B: Also, I understand though. Maybe we should let the Rodrigo take the mic.

Ty Wright: Yeah, sorry Rodrigo.

Rodrigo Rochin: It's no worries guys where the love hearing all this? Just wanted to I raise my head because I want to congratulate both Robert and Benjamin like it was already mentioned You took over the Sealy program and are the leaders here? to be honest, I was a little skeptical at first about silly. Because from it my experience with other silly Quest or provincial. I don't know what you come. I've seen lots of scammers and what we saw another dead Nets and with the faucets which were abused and honestly at first I thought some of the missions were a little overpriced or over rewarded but it does look like

Rodrigo Rochin: we actually gained some users from it, which I truly didn't expect as many but it did see it we can see in this court. I mean we have a lot more users. I'm sure many of them came from silly. and I said, I wanted to congratulate you and I think that what Tyler is saying that you can get a

Rodrigo Rochin: I mean this going on chain and getting the Grand or funding or whatever you want to call it for the entire year would be great because boy it does seem like the silly program works. I try to participate that at first but then over the holidays and things I haven't gotten a chance to complete some of the tasks and everything, but I don't know how many y'all have anymore, but that's wanted to conqueria. It seems like it works. and if I can help on something, I'm ready to help. And yeah, let's keep it going.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much for other youth Amendment. And also thank you for your support. I remember when I was trying to do the cloud of stuff like recording with a cash Builders and contributors Rodrigo was actually one of the first that raised his hand to help me out and we recorded something there. It seems like it was a while ago, and it was just like last year, but thank you so much for your support buddy. You awesome and also the rest of the cash community.

Rodrigo Rochin: Here with magnets took over this you all you and Benjamin are the leaders here. You started you didn't own you. I think it was Adam or maybe Tyler mentioned that this is the first time the community actually build the program on their own. Done it great.

Robert Del Rey: Thanks, brother. So you Wake up guy? I don't have. No more topics to this cause I do have some homework from this call and just for the recordings I go ahead and pay out the rewards now. We'll do a brief announcement. We'll gather the address that I need to gather because people want prices now For the first time so I need their addresses people that won in the first pilot and then one in the second. I don't know if I should ask for addresses again or just confirm with them. Hey, should I send the prices to this address? I don't know what you think about that. Go ahead Benji.

Benjamin B: I was planning to say something else, but I think in that case you can say something like if you want to. Change your address, Please DM me before the payouts. They were something so they have the opportunity to change it. But otherwise just send it to their address. And what will I was going to ask Tyler hereâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: awesome

00:35:00

Benjamin B: because you and Scott are in charge of the other proposalis. And what should we do with the remainder of the Farms? Should we? Draft our proposal and basically if it passes. and we keep them and if it doesn't pass we send them back or what do you think is fair

Ty Wright: I think either you can do one or two things. I think you can either add new missions and continue on taking those funds towards those New Missions while we put the community pool proposal on or if you just want to have a clean stop right now while you figure out next steps this return it and then I feel strongly that things will move forward, and there's got the fun at that point, so it's just cleaner. That's what we do there was a bunch of community resource funding from last year. And even though the proposal asks for this year. We just return that last year and then we got the new funds this year. It's just much cleaner and just transparents. so short answer is if you want to use those funds to continue on with zealy feel free to do so, if you want to have a clean break and just pay out people for Pilots one and two right now, then just return them to Huey and you can talk to Huey offline about that.

Benjamin B: Yeah, me and Robert can continue the discussion for sure.

Ty Wright: all the other thing is I let me know if you want to have the zealy meeting next Monday at 9:00 am or 9:30 Eastern. We usually have the website meetings 9:30. So that's why I might have had it for 9:30 as opposed to die. I apologize. But let me know what time you want to have the meeting next week and I'll add it to the calendar and then we can go from there.

Robert Del Rey: here What when did you say you have the website call? Sorry.

Benjamin B: for me or go first

Ty Wright: I usually have nine thirties on Thursday and I like the per half hour because if we have people in I don't know it just gives people an extra little bit of time especially Huey because he's in Central Time Zone. So it's really even 8:30 versus 8â€¦

Robert Del Rey: Mm-hmm

Ty Wright: if we could do it at 9:30 next week. I think Huey will have more time if not at this time is too late for some folks and we can do it earlier and just how this work with you we offline to make sure that it's available.

Benjamin B: This time works for me.

Ty Wright: Okay.

Robert Del Rey: So this thing works for me to I thank you.

Ty Wright: Yeah again,â€¦

Robert Del Rey: but Sorry,â€¦

Ty Wright: I just want to go ahead.

Robert Del Rey: you were suggesting to change the day from Monday to Thursday. So here we can join right?

Ty Wright: No, I'm suggesting just to change the time the day could remain next Monday, but instead of 9 amâ€¦

Robert Del Rey: Not okay, okay.

Ty Wright: which I think we've done meetings in the past at Eastern 6 AM Pacific now we're going to do it at 9:30 because that gives Huey an extra hour or excuse me extra 30 minutes because she's based in a later time zone than the East Coast. So it's earlier for him that is for the rest of us.

Robert Del Rey: Good.

Robert Del Rey: Okay, okay. Thanks, Yes, so I said it again. Yeah this time works.

Ty Wright: So we'll do next Monday at 9:30 AM Eastern United States time and all of everybody can translate that to their local time. So I guess start talking at UTC. I apologize.

Robert Del Rey: That's cool. I learned talking UTC because of working remotely honestly.

Ty Wright: he

Robert Del Rey: But it's still sometimes I struggle so just send the invite and if it doesn't match we just complaining this girl,â€¦

Ty Wright: Perfect. Yes exactly.

Robert Del Rey: Awesome, so I don't have anything more guys. If you have something more to add I guess it's the time to drop it now. If not, I guess we can wrap up this call. What you say?

Ty Wright: Appreciate y'all.

Rodrigo Rochin: Okay. Yeah for sure.

Robert Del Rey: Hey Ty. We appreciate you.

Ty Wright: presentation

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much for your help and setting up these calls. All right other. Thank you for joining Benji. And thanks everybody for joining this call and listen in the future until next time right as stay safe everybody.

Ty Wright: Absolutely. Hey Roger.

Benjamin B: Yeah, thanks everyone.

Rodrigo Rochin: but you Yeah.

Ty Wright: If you can hear me, let's talk offline about that discussion that you put forth on GitHub. So I think that's a really interesting idea. So I'll follow up with you probably tomorrow about that.

Rodrigo Rochin: awesome, as am I thought we were going to talk about it on I don't know what to call it the community the one we're really discuss the GitHub discussions.

Ty Wright: Yeah, the steering committee.

Ty Wright: Yeah, yeah.

Rodrigo Rochin: That during Communityâ€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: which I think you moved it to end of the month. but ready to talk to you too.

Ty Wright: Exactly this I got the sick last week.

00:40:00

Rodrigo Rochin: Glad You think it's a good idea and I think it could benefit the network as well. We will get new providers and that see what happens.

Ty Wright: No exactly. I got some ideas. So I'll follow up and stuff some time with you this week to talk about that in more detail. All right,â€¦

Rodrigo Rochin: Awesome everything. Thank you.

Ty Wright: appreciate y'all. Have a great day.

Rodrigo Rochin: same here, but

Benjamin B: You too. Bye.

Meeting ended after 00:40:40 ðŸ‘‹

