

# Akash Network - Education Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda
- Welcome
- Edcuation (EDU) Special Interest Group (sig) definition? 
- Current EDU efforts
- Akash EDU program overview from Adam Wozney
- Twitter Spaces
- Event Participation
- Proposed EDU efforts?
- Bounties for creating content
- Written Technical Guides
- Video Guides
- What communities do a good job of EDU?
- What resources are needed to build out a robust Akash education?
- What goals are we aiming to achieve?
- Open floor for special interest group participants


## Meeting Details

- Date: Tuesday, February 14, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- JABZ RODGERS
- Jigar Patel
- Kaguru Simon
- Luca Fortes
- Robert


## Notes

- Adam Wozney opened up the meeting by defining what the Education Special Interest group. sig-educatoin is the process of creating and distribution of Akash network knowledge in the form of written content, videos, or in-person training.
- Jigar wanted to know what the staus of the Praetor 101 program was, so Adam shared his screen and showcased the Akash x Praetor EDU program.
- After defining sig-education, Adam defined the historical programming done by Overclock Labs and Akash Network. 
- Lucas is working on some education programs in Brazil. He is trying to onboard developers to work in the web3 jobs.
- Lucas is looking for scholarship opportunities, and he wants to understand how to leverage the EDU program for his developers in Brazil.
- Robert asked about creating content that talks about use cases for Akash or "Akash adjacent" content. It may not be hyper technical content, but the content can help reach a wider audience. Robert has a decloud series, and Adam recommended creating content talking about the tools you need to get involed in the crypto space.
- Andrew G. suggested to build the EDU program around use cases on Akash. These items can be very specific, like how to run a specifc Node on Akash. Users can learn about Akash through these use cases, where Akash is a tool for them to solve a real problem. The user can visualize how they will use Akash.
- Adam asked what the top 3 use cases are for Akash that are worth highlighting. This is an action item for next meetings.
- Adam also wanted to talk about languages and translations of Akash blogs, videos, etc. Adam is reluctant to start translating content into many languages at this time. Adam is worried that Overclock Labs and Akash Insiders and Vanguards cannot manage all of that content, and the support mechanism is not there yet. 
- Lucas mentioned that translations is something that websites can already do. The tools are not perfect, but they are getting better. On the subject of global exposure, speaking in a local language for media appearances, hackathons, and other events. Things need to be translated into "real life".
- Lucas believes that any folks that are speaking other languages need to be tested on Akash knowledge. 
- Robert believes there is a large spanish speaking audience, but focusing on english is best. 
- Andrew G. mentioned adding subtitles to video tutorials.
- Robert suggested having a translate button on the website. 


## Akash EDU

- The genesis of Akash EDU was a way for Akash to feature ecoysystem partners by providing new and existing users trainings on tools built on Akash.
- Users would learn a new tool, potentially join the Akash community, and get a NFT at completion of the program.
- The EDU program consists of training videos and then a quiz, all hosted on Omniflix.
- Robert sees the potential in the Akash EDU program beyond ecosystem partners like Cloudmos and others, and see education programs for all sorts of things on Akash. His question is should Akash EDU be pushed on social media. 
- Adam mentioned that there is a typeform for EDU signups and messaging has been shared on Social Media previously. More marketing may be needed down the round, but the group decided to wait until the program is more flushed out. 
- Lucas Forte asked for what the short term and long term goals for Akash EDU. Lucas has been talking to universities in Brazil about teaching 
- The goal for EDU right now is to get developers to understand how to do things on the market. 
- The future is to teach users about all things Akash, including economics, how to deploy, etc. Akash wants to be a thought leader in the space.
- Adam mentioned the bounty program for how community members can be paid to create content. The content can be shared on the website or on social. 
- Andrew G mentioned use cases like mining, Omnibus, Handy Host, Terraform, and others.

### Key Friction Points

- **Guides and all styles of tutorials are fragmented.** Adam and the Akash Website working group are working on a contributors page to aggregate educational content created by the community.
- **The Education Special Interest group talked about some use cases:** Action item for between meetings is to talk about specific use cases for users to leverage Akash Network. 
- **Guides and tutorirals are not translated to multiple languages.** The group decided that anyone can make a proposal to create subcommunities around different languages.

### Action Items

- The group will create a list of use cases, where bounties will be rewarded for creating the content.
- Create a program for how community members can create a proposal to grow communities in different languages, with incentivations.



# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: Cool. All right. So yeah. Welcome to the first ever snaps to you guys for joining the first ever special interest group Akash Education call. Hopefully, this one will be more fun than all the rest of the special interest group calls because I'm leading it, so it's gonna be fun. Um, I thought I have a light agenda, but I thought it kind of a good way to kind of kick this off, is similar how I kicked off the community. Say, calls around, like definition of this group. And I actually typed in the word, definition education into Google, it's to see how it would respond. I should have used check GTP. And it describes education as the process of receiving or giving systematic instruction and I felt like that's kind of bland. So I kind of took that and I worked worded it around a little bit to be a little bit more defined around how I could see this special interest group being kind of built out.

Adam Wozney:  And I think a good way to think about it is the process of creation and distribution of a caution network knowledge in the form of written video or in-person training. And I think that's just kind of a good high level way to think about what this could become. Like, how we develop education that will teach people from novices to even more advanced individuals about why it cautious important, how it fits into the greater crypto ecosystem, and potentially ways to kind of get involved in Akash. Um, does that feel like it's kind of a good like wraps a nice little tidy bow around? What this group could kind of become or what it's about. Does that feel right? I think it seems pretty accurate. Yeah. Okay, cool.

Adam Wozney:  So there's really two things I wanted to kind of go over one is just kind of like how we've got to where we are right now, in terms of like education, education, like What are some of the things we've done in the past? What are some of the things we're currently doing? And then maybe talk a little bit about like some proposed, education efforts that would get like more community members involved. And then maybe to some open-ended questions to kind of like for like an open discussion around like what could be done around education? How we could incentivize and reward people that are going through an educational curriculum or building educational materials. And those are really the things, is there. Anything else you guys would want to cover, anything else that you think we should bring up? I can make a note and we can talk about that as well. If not. Nope, everyone's good. Cool.

Jigar Patel: Yeah, just one thing and…

Adam Wozney:  Sure.

Jigar Patel: yeah, just like where we are with the the our period 101 thing. So if we can talk that Every good.

Adam Wozney:  Totally. Oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. That's that's the number one thing on the list actually. So let me actually kick it off by Sharing my screen just for folks that aren't really up to speed yet on Akash Edu. so,

Adam Wozney:  this is, Our first, I would say our first like official go of like an akash education like a professional akash, education program. So really everything else we've done before this has been fairly ad hoc, there's never been like a curriculum, there's never been a thought, really? That sounds weird a thought process behind like how we're showcasing, what Akash is? How do you get involved? What are some other ecosystem partners, things like that?

Adam Wozney:  So the whole idea of around akashi to you, when we launched this, we're actually when we launched the idea in September of last year. 2022 was Let's work with some of our ecosystem partners, like Pretor Cloud, most terraform open registry and there's some others too. That I'm are slipping my mind folks that are allow it people to interact with the network in a more. I guess an easier path than just going to the CLI. Which is like totally fine if you're a developer but some people aren't as technical but they still want to interact with the network. So the idea is building up a curriculum around like ecosystem partners. And then once we have that kind of ecosystem partner kind of curriculum up and going, then we can start to get into some more like nitty-gritty of like Akash network all the different aspects of it.

Adam Wozney:  so kicking this off, Jigar was you're the first guinea pig, so, I'm hoping that this process of creating curriculum, adding it to a platform and launching, this will be a little bit shorter for the next go around and I'm working with Cloud most on this But um, this is really the first curriculum. That's a part of this greater kind of education series that we want to do. When when we built this at first one other quick note, when we built this up first, this was before we kind of changed the entire akash model around open sourcing everything creating special interest groups and working groups and getting community members more involved. So this is really kind of all done, I guess essentially in a house by me and Jigar, of course, helping out with curriculum and working with the omniflex team.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney:  And a little bit of lore. When I initially came up with this, I was thinking that I would just host the the some of this content on YouTube. The video guide that jigar so graciously created on how to deploy on paretor. But as we were building this out on the flex, reach down said Hey, we're thinking about building up a platform for education and you know getting people involved in different projects in Cosmos. I said Let's talk. So started working with them and they didn't really have this platform built up fully. It was kind of like building it as we go. And I think that's why this process is taking so long. But we're finally, I would say to a point where we're just about ready to launch it. And I know I said that for a while, but I truly feel like we're very, very close to actually launching this. The idea is, this is the first course of what I hope to be many, many courses inside this kind of high level like platform.

Adam Wozney:  So this is the website that is based on right now. I won't get into all the things because I I'm not gonna connect my wallet to showcase it, but I can kind of walk you through how this works. So the idea is, once people people apply, they go to the cosh website, they say, I want to join Akash Edu, They apply. And we have right now, over 120 or 130, people that have applied to join this program. From there. Once that application comes in, They send us their Akt address and their email. And I send that over to the omniflex team. They manually airdrop admission nfts to students that will partake in these courses.

Adam Wozney:  Once they get that NFT, they'll go to this website, they'll connect their wallet up here. They'll the wall will be recognize that they have that NFT and it'll give them access to these courses. The first one is just an intro to pretor that Jigar put together. It's what Rachel is, how to interact with it. What are some of the prerequisites involved? In that initial email as well, we send them a prerequisites list like you got to have a Kepler wallet. You need us to make a T on it. You need to understand some, some coding, some technical stuff. so that's all given to them, so they get that they go through the intro and then they actually get into what pray tour is and Jigar runs through a demo of pretor, teaches them all the intricacies of how to actually provide compute on Akash Once that's over, the final part is pretty straightforward and we wanted to keep it pretty lightweight at the beginning is a quiz.

Adam Wozney:  This quiz is actually in video form. They can take it as many times as they can as they want until they actually pass it. Once they pass the quiz, they can mint and this is the one roadblock that I think we're still running into. I know Andrew maybe and and Robert you guys have issues. I need to follow up a pretor on it or not great tour but I'm a flicks as well is they can mint in NFT saying that they've completed this course. Once that's done, they're done with the first course. That's it. The idea is once we get all the bugged worked out of on this curriculum, then we can add another course with Claude most terraform so forth. And so on very similar process, intro, prerequisites, demo and quiz. So, it's kind of a four-step process.

Adam Wozney:  Right now, the nfts that are dropped, are basically, they're saying You've completed the course and it's it's worded specifically that way because we don't want people to leave being like, I'm a cash expert. Now, I know everything, What a cache. That's not the case. Once we have more curriculum built in, and they've completed, Pray Tour, Cloud, most other ecosystem partners, and maybe even a few other Akashi courses that we can put in here. Um, then we can. Once we feel like people have gotten the correct nfps saying that completely these courses, then we can potentially drop them like a certified. Attach expert NFT, and they can take that anymore with them. They can add it to their LinkedIn. They can use it to potentially find a job in the space, all sorts of different stuff. So that's the long-term vision of what this will be is getting people to the point where they're fully accustomed to all the technicalities, all the opportunities to build on the network.

Adam Wozney:  so that's kind of what the course looks like right now, One final thing I'll say about this is We've just installed a discord bot so when people get their admission NFT dropped, it will give them the opportunity to join a private channel for Akashi to use students and alumni to interact with each other to ask questions to interact with. I'm a Flex team, The different teams that have actually created the curriculum here to get questions answered and and connect with other individuals that are learning alongside them. So it's kind of like a way to it's like a support, a support framework for people that are actually going through these these courses. That's the high level of Akashi Edu again. This is the first kind of thing that we've done. That's really like a professional like proper well, thought out like education. Curriculum.

00:10:00

Adam Wozney:  So I'm expecting hurdles there have been hurdles, we've been jumping through hurdles but eventually I think this will be all live good to go and people be able to access this. So that's really the the big kind of thing that we've done on the education side at Akash and I get like I said everything before, that has been fairly ad hoc and amazed on telegram with ecosystem partners, Twitter spaces, talking about announcements of Akash or highlighting certain aspects of Akash or Crypto. Um, live streams that we used to do a lot. We haven't really done many of those lately, just because we just don't have the band with her pretty small marketing team at Overclock Labs.

Adam Wozney:  And then in-person events. So, like, for example, or technique, Denver, we're gonna be on some panels. I'm giving community workshop, participating in a HACKATHON. But again, those are all kind of like silo. They're like that happens. Then it's over it happens. Then it's over and the akashi to you idea is something that's ongoing. It's kind of a proper way for people to get fully accustomed to everything going on inside of Akash. So, before I move on any questions, thoughts about that right now.

Robert: you know, Adam, I wanted to ask you About these. Attached Edu platform. I see it in the future that besides the picture course, we're gonna have like many other courses, you say, right? and well, the question I wanted to ask

Robert: Is the right place to discuss about. Sharing these on social media. Like providing coverage about their cash edu or…

Adam Wozney: Hmm.

Robert: stuff. It's not something that will handle. Also like here internally or that's false into the maybe marketing or social media groups that are cash has

Adam Wozney:  So promotion general promotion of like Akashi, do you?

Robert:  Exactly. I mean how you want to share this with a worrying social media when it's ready to go out? I guess that's my question.

Adam Wozney:  Yeah, that's a great. That's a great question. I hmm.

Adam Wozney:  What do you guys think? I mean guess the question is the question is is this is promotion of Akashi to you something we should talk about in this call? Or is it something that we should bring up in some other kind of I don't know, Akashi, marketing calls, which I don't think we even have like a special interest grouper on marketing, which maybe we should. My gut feeling is We can talk about it here? This is kind of what we're talking about education is where we talk about, like how people can get involved. So I think it's totally fine to, like, bring up like, how we promote it at this time because we haven't like, we've launched applications for Akashi, but we haven't, like, given out the information to individuals that have been airdrop those nfts yet. We don't really, I guess it's maybe not the best time to like, say, Join Akashi to you. But you can't, if you want to say like,

Adam Wozney:  Apply now to Kashi to you. I think that's totally fine. On social, we have we've already. We already have a cash edu application form on the website. So I think like promoting Akashi to you right now is completely fine. We just haven't had anyone like jump into the curriculum other than like if a handful of folks that are like testing it out to make sure it's working. Which as you guys have seen, there has been a few issues that need to be resolved. Before I feel comfortable sharing with people because my biggest fear is we send this off today and then a bunch of people, get into the discord. They start going to the process. And the quiz doesn't work. It can't meant. They're nft.

Adam Wozney:  The wallet that they have doesn't have the NFT and then Omniflex and myself, and whoever else that's in the programmer, like, I don't know, to tell you, I wanted to be very clear and very clean where it's like, once you get it, you can do it. And you're done, you don't have to run into all these hurdles that you guys have been running into with meeting NFTS, getting an admission to the program updates on the website stuff like that. I want it to be a very good and like working. So once it is live, we won't have a hundred and something people being like, I haven't even been up to you. It's just not a good experience and it's gonna it's gonna turn people off from wanting to jump into future curriculum. Future courses, you know what I mean? So that's kind of how I'm thinking about it.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney:  Cool. Any other thoughts on Akash Edu?

Adam Wozney:  Awesome.

Luca Fortes: Yeah, so let me just Can you guys hear me?

Robert: But then, like the platform.

Adam Wozney:  Yes.

Luca Fortes:  Okay. So I've been learning a lot from from Akash, and I still need to understand a lot of things because it's complex, but so about Akash edu. The idea is to onboard new, new users, new possible investors and also they can become like new insiders. I don't know. And after they graduate this program, let's say graduate they have like an expertise in the market. They can show to have some

Luca Fortes: Become akash provider. And this would be like some resume or is there something more that to to put in my hand right now?

Adam Wozney:  Yeah, I would say the goal of Akash edu long-term vision because right now, it's right now just the pretor. But eventually, when there's more, you know, curriculum in there and more lessons and all that, I would say the goal maybe in the short term is to teach developers on how to do XYZ thing on a caution network. because right now I'd say at the end of the day, Akash overall is focused on. Deployments providing compute and getting involved in building things on the network because the more traction we get in people actually using Akash.

Adam Wozney:  Everything else will follow, right? So I think focused on getting developers, active on the network and giving them the tools and understanding how to engage and use akash. That's like key right now and it cost you. I would say in at least in the short term vision of it is to do that. I think long term yes I think it'll be teaching people about other aspects of Akash the token.

Adam Wozney:  The markets the economics behind akash all of that stuff, but it's not a priority. I would say right now I think a priority is just getting people to understand how to do things on a college network and using ecosystem partners like Jigarh and like Cloud, most and all those other folks getting them to understand what those tools are available to them, right? So that's how I view the Akashi. Do you program a word stands today? That's not to say that, you know, if you were like an investor just someone that wanted to. Get involved on that side of Akash. You couldn't learn things. I think you could learn things still from, from using, from going through the program, but that's not the ultimate goal, I'd say, The ultimate goal at least in the short to medium, potentially, even long term is to give developers the tools they need and understanding they need to interact with the cache.

Adam Wozney:  Does that make sense?

Luca Fortes: Right. yeah, I'm asking all this because like I've been searching and talking to a lot of universities here in Brazil already with this go to to onboard some devs and give them these opportunity in Web trick careers and stuff. And also looking for some kind of scholarships for some devs here that like And if we when we pay in dollars, this the university depths here in Brazil it's a little cheap, very cheap. Let's say And so I'm asking all these. So I can understand how to how to onboard all these guys in the universities I'm talking and maybe some future events as well. So when you say tools, like some like the tools, the devs need to, to develop and stuff is like to

Luca Fortes:  It's really to to build inside the cars, like to create a new new partner to, to build a company. Let's say is it like this?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I actually, I think that's probably one of the additional things that can be built into the curriculum so I can give you a little background. So what I worked at Wix, are you guys all from a Wix The website builder like drag and…

Luca Fortes: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: drop non-technical? Perfect. For people who like me who's not a developer We held we had an office space in New York and one in San Francisco.

Adam Wozney:  And during the day, it was a free co-working space for people that were using Wix to, like, build up their businesses. So, there's a lot of benefits for that on the wick side, but in the evenings, we held events every single evening, Monday through Friday and a majority of those events were about teaching people how to build up their small business acumen. You know, when do I hire my first employee, What does a good graphic design? Look like what small business in the law. How do I build my first LLC, like all these small business related subjects? So not even necessarily Wix related like building a website related, but if you look at the vast majority of Wix users, it was small businesses people that were trying to build a website to like sell a good or service. I think that that's what akashi to you can do at some point teach people about

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  Building a business and then they just happen to use Akash to build that business off of. Does that make sense? I think that is like something that is very interesting, It's universal. You might not even have to be and a lot of people would join those events and they might not even build anything on Wix or but they would be interested like Oh what's wicks? I'm at this week's event. I think you'd be the same thing for Akash it's like we could say building your first Web three startup And then we bring in someone who is actually built a Web 3 startup and answering questions about that and then Wix is like, or sorry, Wix a cautious. The cautious like the sponsor, It's kind of a Trojan horse to introduce people to Akash network, that will always play that kind of content is evergreen, and it shows that we're thought leaders in the space. It gets us more involved in communities. That might not understand what gosh is.

Adam Wozney:  Um, I actually love that idea. It's something I always remember, but I always forget to actually do I want to build an event series around that, but I hope that does that answer your question.

Luca Fortes: Yeah, sure. Yeah. As I said, I'm still learning a lot from my gosh so maybe some things that I say, here's I could have the answer but I'm connecting the dots for for everything.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, cool. Cool. Any other questions on Akash Edu?

Luca Fortes:  But yeah, sure.

Adam Wozney:  No. Okay. Oh, Robert. Go ahead.

Robert: Thanks Adam. Yeah, something I was Thinking is well. I guess it's all about giving value to the audience, right? And I'm just gonna drop this into the conversation and hear what you guys think about it?

Robert:  It's, it's great focusing on a cash and the things that people can do. Of that cash, right? And sharing education on content around that awesome. What about

Adam Wozney: I so I I kind of goes with what I was just saying. I think that is stuff that we haven't really been touched yet since I've been at Akash. Is content that may not be. Hyperspecific about Akash network like How to do this, How to do that, What does it cost? But it's beneficial to individuals who might end up wanting to use Akash at some point. and it gives us the opportunity to reach a greater audience. Because we're talking about subject matter that might not be super relevant to Akash, but it's still interesting and they could end up using Akash at some point. So, like, for example, I think the idea of how to build your Web 3 startup and then interviewing someone that has actually done it, like, Like we had Rebecca on a call for our insiders, a couple. Was it last week? I think having someone come in and talk about that.

Adam Wozney:  And then we're just the ones that enable that conversation to happen is beneficial long-term to Akash because it'll bring people in that might not have, you know, been interested in what it causes doing. But they might start following us from that. It's a great way to build community. It's like one of the ultimate community, building tools, just talk about a subject matter that reaches a great audience but we're just the enabler of that conversation. Um, I think that would be fantastic. And so, for example, with you Robert with your gcloud series, I think that would be something really interesting to do is maybe not even making about dcloud making about the Web 3 space and getting your project up the ground and kind of attach it because that's not happening in any for any crypto project right now. For my understanding, I can't think of one crypto event or project or Twitter spaces that's been like

Adam Wozney:  What are the tools you need to actually launch and grow your business? Or the other side of it too? Is How do I become more involved in the crypto ecosystem and a series of content and events around teaching people, educating people on getting more involved in crypto and you just happen to be representing Akash. I think that could be really well received and it's a great way to reach an audience that we never be able to Otherwise. Andrew.

00:25:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: ESL in terms of education, ID UI would suggest for us to build the education courses in terms of use cases. We are running on a cache. Let's say, for example, so the VPN right? The Sentinel, yeah, it has The update here would be to write. Yes it's called Yeah which allows you to create.

Andrew Gnatyuk: And dvpn node on a cache with a few clicks, right? This is a great use case, which can be. This is like totally different project,…

Adam Wozney: and,

Andrew Gnatyuk: right? But in their cash ID, you, you are, when you're talking about the VPNs and say like, Hey you can you're not a developer or you're just partially developer or You don't know how to use a cash Try to set up the piano like or let's say prior to we are giving the use case like building your own.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  Building your Own data in Provider Business Using Bright. Yes. So basically yours your teaching how to use brighter and set up a provider and giving the use cases that you can rent some like involved at some providers Friends, some CPUs or some Grams and sell it on a cash, right? And this is like, This is the margin. So we give people the use cases like, on practice, So they know that you just learned something. They like, It's It depends on them if they're gonna use it or not. Let's say Math project, Right? This is the one, This is the browsers and the math problem, right? So they like If we are talking about privacy like how to browse the privacy with the mass project Use cases you can set up what not right now. But eventually in this some you know future probably if you just answer right? You can set up like Math Note on a cash to get math.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  And in order to browse to browse safe, right? So basically, it's a win-win situation for a cash and for maths, right? But it's a real real life use case, where people that are like Brian from the mass communities for cash community, or maybe the ones who was a lot running, the Sentinel VPN knows, yeah, they say, Okay, this browsers is actually great for me. I have some Akt, I have the VPN and I can use this brows, right? So and this is real life. Use cases is what like basically most of the people looking for if they started any education course and like like projecting this on my on myself. Like let's say, for example I'm trying to know more about ready, right?

Andrew Gnatyuk:  And I want them to know the trading courses. I know lots about, right? I know lots of technical stuff, right? I don't have the practice, and I need this, like, real-time use cases and that's what's, like, interest me most when I'm choosing the courses, or the people, I want to talk about the course like the staff that can give me some that I can visualize how I will use it. How I will use this knowledge in many of in my near future. Yeah half of the developer or something like that. Right.

Adam Wozney: Right. I I saw, I'd love that idea on on and in terms of use cases, is there?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Have a button.

Adam Wozney:  I don't know the, you know, you're good. I don't know. The, I don't know the answer this so maybe you guys can kind of think through it, but what would you say? Maybe like the top three, use cases for a cash right now. I mean a lot of the things that we talk about I know externally or you know, cost saves money. It's decentralized. Which is a good narrative because your workloads can't get shut down if AWS as it doesn't like it.

Adam Wozney:  But are there specific use cases? You guys can think of that would be worth highlighting where people will be like, Wow, I need to check out Akash war because that is a that's a series of things that I think people could really get involved in. And I think it's also something that once we have like a list of three four or five use cases, that we know people are interested in learning more about. That's something and this leads to like my next thing I wanted to bring up in this call is kind of proposed, education efforts around Bounties and as Andrew knows and as a handful of you guys know we've done a lot of bounties and asked around specific subject matter. But this is a way to get the community more involved So we say, We're gonna create a list of five use cases that we know people would be interested in learning about. We want someone to create a video guide on how to do this. A technical written guide on what the steps are to complete this. And then maybe like a third thing, promoting it or we can think through that, that is something

00:30:00

Adam Wozney:  Think tangible that can be like developed and built out and maybe even I don't know if I want to add. I First thing I talked about in this call was how there's so many calls around special interest groups and working groups, but maybe it's something we build a working group around words. We run a bounties working group where we say, We want a use cases, bounty for these five items. This is what it's gonna This is what Will will reward or incentivize people to come up with those use cases. And this is what will reward and send device people who actually create that education that we can put on the blog or put on the website sharing social. I think that's a great idea. Does that resonate with you guys? Like How do you think we could approach kind of creating this like Use Cases list?

Adam Wozney:  Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So yeah. So my thought is we have a bunch of like, for example, um, I would start with the stuff that we have already, right? So we have just a second, let me find this out. We have

Andrew Gnatyuk:  okay, so we have Omnibus. Terraform provider, right? We have mining with Chia.

Andrew Gnatyuk:  And like, this is the start of some of the use cases we can work on, right? So we have bright or right? And this is the start of the use cases we can work for, right? We have handy host, like the like I would start with the projects we are working with or that are working with us. So we can show people like where you can how you work with a cash and for the use cases, for example, the mind, right? Or as far as I know, I never use the handy horse by. I know that you can sell their compute, and you can also send your bandwidth for the Internet, right? To send us, you can get like to talk and at one for your PC, why? So this is a great use case. If you have some spare stuff, you know, I don't work with. I didn't work with star form but we are building it. I'm sure that this is the South we need and has this, will you cases? We just have to talk to Luna about this and say, How was as simple as use cases and what?

Adam Wozney: Well, I just lost them. Can you guys hear me?

Robert: I thought it was me. I was froz.

Adam Wozney:  No, I think Andrew just froze out. Yeah, this kind of thing happens.

Adam Wozney:  Just kind of keep going with what Andrew has mentioning? I I really like the idea of kind of a use cases. Kind of, I don't know, bounty idea. I think this is a lightweight thing that can be developed like pretty quickly. and I think creating a an event series where it's, you know, for the maybe two weeks at a time, we put out like a new use case bounty saying like Here are the priority use cases like, we'll say, four or five of them create a video guide and a technical guide on how to do XYZ thing. Makes a lot of sense because that can be evergreen. We can share that on social. We can highlight the person that creates it. They wouldn't reward for creating this content.

Adam Wozney:  I think that makes a lot of sense. Does that? If that resonates with you guys, I'm gonna put it as an action item to follow up inside the Akash Edu or the Edu Sig. Hey, Andrew, you're right.

Robert: I think it's a great idea.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. Yes. So sorry. Something with my Internet connection, I don't know what. It's probably the yeah, my, my router doesn't want me to finish the sentences, you know. So probably he is in His with this stuff was lots of smart things in the house and…

Adam Wozney:  No, you're you're really good.

Andrew Gnatyuk: he's probably thinking that.

Adam Wozney:  Yeah. No, you're good. So I was I was kind of I think I know where you're going this up. I think what I was just saying went before you jump back on was

Adam Wozney:  I think bringing this up in the Edu channel and discord saying We want to create a bounty series on use cases and then the steps would be. What are the four or five use cases? That we want to highlight that we know people would be interested in learning about and then over the course of like a month or two months or three months even every two weeks we put out a bounty for the entire community to actually like develop content around like a video guide and a written guide for those specific case studies. And then even in that Akashi View, channel bringing up for coming up with that list, this should be incentivized like Because that's you have to create a one sheet or like Here's the use cases that I think I we should highlight and here's the reasoning behind that. Here's some research behind it and then people saying like Yes this is the the move. So there's a essentially multiple incentives. There's one for somebody coming up with the ideas and and listing them out and why and then there's the actual bounties themselves that people do. So go ahead, Andrew.

00:35:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: And and we can connect all this to the grocery, right? So we can like make the assignments or bounties just directly from the platform. So like people don't don't look on this through the discord. If there is some bounties right or kids, they just struck the right into the crew suite. And they just saying, Okay, this is like

Andrew Gnatyuk:  You have to pass the edu first to know, like to do to get a set of tasks or bounties, that will be open after you get the talking for example, right? And after that, when you like when you have this, when you pass the education courses, you will know or you will be able to create some stuff and you will like the things, the contents video, materials, etc. And you will be have like this bounties on create some VPN now. So using me to write on sentinel on the cash and it's actually etc. And this can be like drunk, like, for a big picture for like, a probably half of the year of courses, and bounties to our community.

Adam Wozney: Let's let's bring that I set up working group call for crew, three on Friday let's talk about that in the Crew 3 Working Group call because I have a bunch of questions around that. I'm sure other people want to jump into that one as well but I like that idea…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Adam Wozney: because I think that's a good first step to get involved in Crew 3.

Adam Wozney:  Um, one of be mindful of time, we got about a few minutes left here. One other one. Other thought I had around education was languages and translation. So I know for example jabz on this call Andrew you've helped out a lot with translations in the past I think even you Robert and then one of our new insiders bow he says he wants to translate things into Vietnamese. I've always been a little reluctant to that idea because and I want to open this up for a conversation because I don't think we have enough good English content to be totally honest to do that quite yet. That's one reason the other reason is I just don't know the size of different languages market. So for example let's say Robert you translate a bounty or a blog about you know, what is Akash into Spanish and

Adam Wozney:  A, Where do we put that information b? Do we know if there's a large enough Spanish being audience? That can not only read this, they're interested. But if they have questions, where do they go for foreign language or like languages outside of English to get support? Like Bow for example, he said, Hey is there any like Vietnamese Akash community? Like I really want to build one. and I'm reluctant to do that because let's say perfect scenario, we build a giant community in Vietnam and we have, you know, 10,000 people

Adam Wozney:  Inside that community people are asking questions. There's a lot of Swahili there you go. So there's a lot of questions being asked. There's a lot of technical questions being asked. There's a lot of non-technical questions being asked, We don't have anyone at Overclocked Labs that speaks Spanish fluently. So US being support doesn't make sense. Many of the insiders or vanguards that are part of our ambassador program. While it's totally volunteer based, we don't know what kind of engagement will be able to get out of individuals that are part of that program because there's no requirements. Some of our vanguards while they speak Spanish like you Robert. I think we have a few others. They're sleeping at different times of the day. And if we have 10,000 people from around the world asking questions in Spanish reviewing foreign language content. There's not going to be a strong support mechanism in place to do that.

Adam Wozney:  I think that we're just not there yet to translate things because I just don't know, audience size. And I don't know if it'd be worth our time to dedicate resources to do these translations and be. I don't know if we're gonna be able to support questions that come in, very good questions that can come in because we just don't have enough people to support those questions and we don't have a framework around that. Um, I want to open up for thoughts, or questions on next. It is something I'm seeing coming up, more is like, Hey, what's translate this? What's translate that? But I just see a lot of barriers to getting that organized in a meaningful way. I love it because it shows how global the reach of a cautious but without having that support in place, people will go in and ask questions and not get any responses. It's gonna immediately a little bad tasting people's mouths and they're gonna go cautious at that project. I don't want to get involved, you know, it's very vibrant in English speaking communities. So any thoughts or feelings or ideas around languages?

00:40:00

Adam Wozney: Does what I say make sense like that? I always thought I always try to think of things like positively, but this is something that I'm, like, I just see a lot of things that could really get in the way. So, go ahead, Luca

Luca Fortes: yeah, I think like, translations is something that to be honest, like, Inside the website, we can translate the website and check. I know that it's not a perfect translation but I think translations are getting more and more, not not so much needed but in terms of I think when we say like global adoption and awareness,

Luca Fortes:  I think like, for example, calls and videos and interviews and and maize for example, even if I make, I Luca in this case and I speak Portuguese and my goal is to grow a cash in Brazil, even if I make a podcast for example, with Adam in English, but we are talking about how Akash can help Brazil and different areas in. Anyways, we make a talk even in English but we are talking specifically about the growth in South America and stuff. But also talking in Portuguese, I think is very important. I know it's hard for to to track this like for example I can make a call and and talk about the cash in Portuguese and I'm just saying s*** let's say and say things that are not correct.

Luca Fortes:  Um so I think like the tournament will be very important. So like what a Vietnam community. So we need to talk to you about and like make him make a test and show his skills first and then he is able to talk and like if he want to do this support, I think it's great as well. It's not if, for example me, I work like this with secret network and about support. I think for me like it's not a problem. But yeah, there's all this kind of

Luca Fortes:  Work that we need to do to make these people have credibility in this space, so we can't take anyone that's speak any name language and just bring here, but I think we've strategy and mostly hackathons and events in different cities and to onboard this, these people, I think it's very, very important and like we can't make an event or a meetup or a hackathon in other city that no, don't speak English. We need to translate everything in the real life. Let's say this

Adam Wozney: Oh yeah, I completely agree. I'm before I put in some thoughts, Robert.

Robert: There's going to say, I don't have any comeback to what you say. In regards to to expanding like the languages. I guess we should focus. Like on English since like the majority of the audience. It's it's their I would say Spanish has a big audience too but I'm assuming that audience already knows English. So at this particular time, I think especially keep it in English at the moment and then we can expand.

Adam Wozney: Hmm, okay. Yeah Andrew, you got thoughts?

Andrew Gnatyuk: us right for the different for delight for Spanish Ukrainian Brazil, you know, different languages and but I don't have idea of what we're going to do with the articles or those we have like some I I would, I don't have a deal with that, so, basically, the videos are can be, just you can run the subtitles, you know, and read, what's, what's this is all about different languages, right? But for the articles on,

00:45:00

Adam Wozney: Yeah. no, I was So oh, go ahead. Robert.

Robert: Yeah, I'd like this idea of having these like translate bottom with different languages for the Web page and maybe I don't know who of you said it. But maybe the translation is not gonna be like the best in the world, right? But it could help for the user experience.

Adam Wozney: So, what I'm thinking is, I think this is all really good and I've been taking some notes. Um, my thing is How do we like incentivize individuals to support kind of languages? So I think it's fine and good to kind of translate and to maybe create some, you know, Spanish or Vietnamese or Swahili. Like language content. But how do we like incentivize that? Not only to create it but to support individuals and build like those language communities?

Adam Wozney:  I think the best way to do that is to come up with essentially proposal for this. So, the proposal could be something like a one-page document saying, I want to translate the cost blog post into XYZ language. I want to start building a community on say discord for people who speak Swahili or speak Spanish or whatever it is. And here's how I think we can. We can support those individuals that we start bringing into our our ecosystem.

Adam Wozney:  And this is what I think it will cost to support those individuals and that goes in the lines of incentives, essentially, creating some sort of incentive model for people to actively support and build this type of content, this type of content. And I think the only way we can actually get people to do this is if, you know, we incentivize it somehow doesn't have to be monetary. It could be swag. It could be accessed. It could be, There's a lot of different ways, to kind of incentivize this type of behavior, but I think it needs to be drafted and written out and say, Here's what we think we should do. Here's how we can do it. So I would suggest for anyone that is interested just high level for people watching at home in this recording, maybe even to create a proposal around it. I've realized my wife actually taught me this.

Adam Wozney:  That everything becomes more real if you put it into a document and where people can review critique and leave feedback. So I would suggest if anybody wants to get involved in this type of behavior, then create a proposal, put it into the Akashic channel. And at some point, we can share it with the steering community to potentially get resources for support. Um, that could even go to events, like foreign language events. Like I know jabz, you've you've messaged before and said, Hey, I want to do some events in my region and when we just don't have budget for that, but now with this model, we can actually propose it, we can propose this type of activity, we could propose the outcomes for propose, how it all work and actually request, funding for these things outside of just me messaging. My CFO like, Hey, can I get some money to attend this event? Now, we can actually go to the steering community and they'll be the ultimate board of directors, for whether or not things are.

Adam Wozney:  Were able to actually be sponsored supported so forth. Cool. So we have about five minutes left. We had we covered a bunch of stuff today. We talked about, you know, what I used to do at Wicks with like a small business event series. We talked about a use cases bounty, talk about language translations, lots of stuff. We talked about, but I wanted to see if there is any other final thoughts or concerns or things. You guys have been thinking about in terms of education.

Adam Wozney: No. Cool. Cool. So my kind of next steps are. I made notes of all the stuff that we discussed today. I'll probably put some of I'll clean it up a little bit and I'll put it in the Akash. Education SIG channel, inside of discord, for kind of thoughts. You guys as I've kind of mentioned here at the end, if you do have thoughts on things, I want to get it more involved with I highly suggest creating proposals and putting them in the SIG Doc or in the SIG Discord channel for review, because that's the first step to actually get funding or potential support in building up these things. um, I think that's the best way to do similar to how I created for the HACKATHON group. I created a HACKATHON working Dock. And saying, This is what I want to do. This is how much I think, it'll cost that stuff will all at some point once it's been reviewed and looked over. We'll go to the steering committee for final thumbs up, or thumbs down or questions.

Adam Wozney:  So that's how I think we can potentially approach this from user use cases, event series language translations, small business event series, all that kind of stuff. I would say if you really want to get involved in this, not only just asking questions, but creating like some documentation that we can review goals in and actually get to the point where, hey, we can actually build this out now. Through like the proper channels as a way to go. So, Um, that's all I got today. Any other final thoughts questions before we wrap things up.

00:50:00

Robert: Interpreting this up, Adam.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. For sure. Thank you guys for jumping in. I'm hoping the next one we do in a month, we'll have some more people joining. I think we'll have a bunch of stuff to talk about then after what we're here, discuss today in this very small group. So I'm pretty happy with that. If you have any thoughts on how we can notify people of SIG events and all that stuff. Let me know, just put it inside of any one of the channels and discord. I'm sure Tyler will be reviewing that. But I'm thank you guys for joining and we'll see you guys and probably some of these other calls coming up.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah sure.

Adam Wozney:  All right, everybody. Later.

Jigar Patel: All…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Guys.

Jigar Patel: Thanks guys. Right?

Luca Fortes: Thank you. Thank.

Meeting ended after 00:51:13 👋

