# Akash Network - Education Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #2

## Agenda

- Update on education efforts within Akash and in crypto
- Discussion on defining and creating educational content, including mediums and types
- Update on previous working groups formed
- Discussion on potential new working groups
- Next steps and closing.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, March 14, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#Transcript)

## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic 
- Denis Lelic
- George Pro
- Jigar Patel
- Marjan Jordanovski
- Robert Del Rey

## Notes
Adam Wozney welcomed everyone to the Akash EDU Special Interest Group call.
Adam provided a brief introduction to the purpose of the group and its focus on supporting education 
efforts within Akash and crypto.


### Akash Edu Launch and Future Plans
Adam Wozney suggests starting off the education initiative by discussing what each member is doing to help educate the community about Akash and crypto.
Adam Wozney shares that the big thing he's focused on is Akash Edu, a platform for creating educational content that will live inside of Omniflix, Akash's partner for this initiative.
Adam Wozney adds that Akash Edu was officially launched recently and the first curriculum is live. It's a video guide that describes how to interact with Praetor and how to become a provider within Akash.
Adam Wozney mentions that the process to gain access to the curriculum is simple. Applicants go to the Akash website, apply for the course, and then they will be airdropped an NFT that gives them access to the curriculum.
Adam Wozney mentions that the long-term vision for Akash Edu is to have people become certified in Akash, meaning they understand how to do almost everything inside of the Akash network.
Adam stated, about working  with founder of Cloudmos to develop a curriculum specifically for Clodmos platform.
Adam will also be working internally with some Overclock Labs folks to develop a curriculum for Console.
Adam Wozney shares that next steps for Akash Edu will be to add more ecosystem partners and develop more curriculum. 
Adam Wozney mentions that they will be adding more technical courses and some non-technical educational courses as well.
Robert is mentioned as a community member who has been pushing out recording videos called D-cloud.
During the meeting, Adam Wozney shared updates on Akash Education, including the progress made and future plans. He also mentioned the introduction of a bounty program that aims to encourage people to engage more with Akash on Github by deploying scripts and pull requests.

 ### Updates and Initiatives 
Robert Del Rey expressed interest in seeing the results of Omniflix and shared his efforts in his initiative called DeCloud, which highlights Akash community members and their perspectives on Akash. Robert also invited other community members to participate and be guests on the show.

Adam Wozney added that community funds can be requested for various initiatives through governance discussions, and shared his own request for funds for a cost presence at events and an Akash-owned hackathon.



### Other Matters discussed
Adam Wozney mentioned Damir Simpovic who has been creating great videos with Europlots.
Adam offered support from himself and Denis for those who are creating video content and other educational materials.
Adam shared his experience in creating a reusable template for Consensus' community leaders to promote their events.
Adam suggested having a similar look and feel for the educational materials being produced to add professionalism to their efforts.
Adam informed the group about the pull request he made to add a Community contributors section to the Akash website where members can store their content.
The group discussed design support for education efforts.
Jigar and other members of the call also joined the discussion and provided feedback and suggestions for improvement. Overall, the meeting provided an opportunity for community members to share updates, ideas, and collaborate on initiatives related to Akash.

### Action items
- Adam Wozney to get an update on the Omniflix data to share on Discord
- Adam Wozney to work with Cloudmos founder to create another curriculum
- Group to discuss ways to leverage the data from  Omniflix to improve the platform and explore potential opportunities for scaling the Akash Edu initiative.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Adam Wozney: All right, Cool. So thank you guys for joining, today's Akash EDU Special Interest Group call? This is the second one we've done. So still probably in the learning curve, phase of what this group will focus on accomplish it, kind of work towards. But basically, today, I wanted to cover kind of where some education efforts are at within Akash and then open it up for feedback and thoughts and chat maybe about additional working groups. We could potentially form out of out of this special interest group. So, I think everyone here knows me, but I think Marjan, I think you're maybe new to this call. So as a quick introduction, my name is Adam. I had a community for Akash, actually, technically Overclock Labs, the founder of the Akash network,

Adam Wozney:  And this group is really focused on what are the things that we can do in terms of support supporting education efforts, within Akash and even expanding on that within Crypto. um, I've been encryptos since like I would say late 2017 and I still believe personally that we're in the kind of evergreen education phase of of crypto meaning still the CC people. And that's in bolts of what crypto is. Why it matters, why it's important. And then expanding on that diving, a little deeper into what it costs is. Why it cautious is important and why people should pay attention to what's being built out here and teaching them things along the way.

Adam Wozney:  Um, I would say the kind of to reiterate the focus of this group is helping kind of define and create what some of the educational content, what it can look like, what should be developed and what people are interested in actually building out and participating in. So that's kind of the high level of what I think this group is about. Um, from the call, last time we had a couple working groups that were formed, mostly from the call that we're gonna do. After this, this community special interest group call and that's gonna be a little bit more broad and topic, but this call is really specific to. What are the mediums? What are the types of content? What are the

Adam Wozney:  The videos written content guides education, materials that can or should be built out. That help people understand what Akash is and how to actually interact with a cop. So that's kind of the high level of what this group is about. Any thoughts or questions on that before I kind of jump into a very light as I mentioned at the kickoff agenda for today.

Adam Wozney:  No, makes sense. Cool, so yeah. So since this is kind of a community contribution group I thought a good way to kind of kick this off. Would be what are the things that each of us are doing? If we are doing anything in terms of helping educate, the general community about what Akash is and what a crypto is and how to get involved

Adam Wozney:  So on my end, the big thing that I've been kind of focused on in terms of education, on Akash is Akashi Edu. We officially launched Akash Edu. I would say the beginning of this week is what day today Tuesday? Yeah, I think actually maybe the end of last week is what we officially launched Akashi you and for folks that aren't familiar with the cash edu. Basically, it's a platform for creating content that will live inside of Omniflex, which is our partner for this. For this initiative, I'm gonna Flex is kind of an NFT marketplace, but they also have video content. They have a bunch of things that they're building out in terms of what can live inside of the Cosmos ecosystem. But we've been working with them on this project. I would say, since September of last year, so it's been a long arduous log. But we're finally to the point where we've launched the first curriculum as a part of Akashi to you. And that first curriculum

Adam Wozney:  Actually with pretor who we have jigar one of the founders of pretor on this call and really, to keep it very simple. And because this is the first kind of go of our, I guess educational efforts, like formal education, efforts with the nikashi ecosystem. It's a pretty simple process to gain access and I'll skip give you guys just a quick high level. I think most of you already know, kind of how to access it and what it looks like because you participating in some of the testing. But for folks that might be watching this call just want to kind of cover what that looks like right now. So essentially if folks want to go through this course they go to the Our website at Kash Job network they apply from there. Those applicants will be airdropped in NFT that NFT gives them access to the curriculum and that'll be curriculum for specifically for pretor eventually and it's something I'll get into. I want to add additional curriculum to it, through ecosystem partners like Claude most want to add the console.

00:05:00

Adam Wozney:  Um, terraform open registry spheron, and kind of more and more as the kind of months progress, but right now just to keep it simple. We want to start with one curriculum. And we're using pretor and Big Shot. Entreprata for helping kind of put together this first curriculum. Right now, it's simple. It's basically a video guide that describes how to interact with pretor and how to become a provider within Akash. After that video. There's a very short quiz and if they students pass that quiz, they get air dropped in NFT saying that they've completed the course. Hopefully, as we add more and more curriculum to the akashi, do you platform? We can get to a point where people become a cost certified. That's kind of the vision for this. And basically what it cost certified means is you kind of understand from front to back how to do almost everything in inside of the Akash network.

Adam Wozney:  This serves multiple beneficial purposes. It brings more people into our ecosystem partner communities. It also teaches people just how to do things on Akash and hopefully bring some more attention and awareness to the importance of decentralized cloud. So that's kind of where we stand today so we've officially launched it. I'm waiting to hear back from Omniflex on how many new participants we've had. We only launched it last Friday we had about a hundred and thirty people that have applied to join the curriculum. So those 130 people or airdropped nfts to gain access to the course and now we're just kind of

Adam Wozney:  Letting it kind of play out and seeing how many people actually go through this next steps for Akash Edu is, I'm connecting with Cloud most, I've been working with the founder of Cloud most on creating a curriculum to interact with that platform. And then I'm also going to be working internally with some overclock labs, folks to develop a curriculum for console. Those will be the next two, kind of courses that I want to launch as a part of this, but next steps will be adding more ecosystem partners and then eventually getting more into kind of the nuts and bolts of things that are not just ecosystem partners. Like Interacting with our documentation, how to do x, y, and Z thing inside of Akash.

Adam Wozney:  And we'll probably throw in some non-technical educational courses in there, too. Just for people that might be wanting to understand better what Akash is in a more formalized manner rather than just Google searching or opening up chat GPT trying to figure out what a caution is.

Adam Wozney: Those are really the big kind of educational efforts that we have ongoing right now or at least that I'm working on right now. I know we have a handful of folks that are part of the community that have developed video guides technical guides and then even just kind of high level introductory information on what Akash is and why it's important. Like I know Robert on this call has been pushing out some recording videos called D-cloud. One of our community members has been launching education videos on how to do different things. A part of, as a part of his kind of efforts within I believe it's called and I'm zoning out on the name right now. I can't remember the name, I'm totally zoning,…

Robert Del Rey: Error plots.

Adam Wozney: you know?

Adam Wozney:  Yes, that Euro plus thank you Europlots, has been been just killing it in terms of creating the content that teaches people about XYZ things within Akash.

Adam Wozney:  So there are community efforts and the one thing I wanted to mention on that is I've been working on adding a page within the Akash website for community contributions to go into. Basically, it's like a one-stop shop for any community, drafted recorded video written content, live stream events, recorded, whatever that might be in one place. So, people can go and kind of find all this educational curriculum, in a simple fashion. And also helps bring more attention to individuals that are creating this stuff and kind of put a feather in their cap. In terms of actually developed and build right now, it's just hard to find. You have to do Google searches and that's obviously, not the best way to do it. So hoping to have that Web page added to the the official AKASH website soon,

Adam Wozney:  But um, those are kind of the big things in terms of what I've been working on inside of kind of akash education. And then one other thing, I was gonna mention before kind of opening up to you guys for anything you're developing or looking for support on is bounties. So we are starting at least on the overclock website. We're starting to think about, what are some bounties that we can create to kind of help people engage with our github more to actually deploy scripts and pull requests and all the things that make a cash better and easier to interact with. Um so I know there are some folks internally at Overclock that are thinking about like what a bounty program can look. Like I would assume it would fit into this kind of education, SIG working group, but um that's still kind of underdevelopment. So, yeah, those are kind of the, the big updates from the edu side of things, any questions, or thoughts?

00:10:00

Robert Del Rey: On the unifix site, I would love to see like the data of people getting the NFD that people using it and and the results after that. So do you have any ETA on that?

Adam Wozney: Yeah, I pinged them yesterday and let me see if I see. Give a few hours. So yeah, I ping them yesterday and they're bit. The team is based in India. So right now they're probably all asleep. So I would hope I tomorrow, maybe we'll be able to have a little bit more insight. And I might add that to the discord channel, the Akashic Discord Channel, once I have some more data on that, but, um, this is the first go of it, so I'm not expecting. You know, hundreds of thousands of people to go through, that'd be great, but if we get a few, a handful of folks just to kind of go through this, that would be that would be a big win. And then we can leverage that to get more and more curriculum added to the to the course or to the the platform. So that should be that should be going up soon. Hopefully.

Robert Del Rey: Absolutely. I would like to step in Adam and…

Adam Wozney:  Cool.

Robert Del Rey: maybe talk about my efforts,…

Adam Wozney:  Sure. Sure.

Robert Del Rey: right? First of all, my name is Robert. also known as Del Rey or insta, finances have been working for a cash for

Robert Del Rey:  As an insider for a few months already. Super happy of the experience and being able to meet great people. I see a few in the outings, too. I'll see you Andrew. So well, the initiative that I have the latest one. It's called The Cloud. And what I want to do with it is highlight a cash community members and builders and kind of have like their perspective of a cash and have that recorder and said, shared that with the world. And basically, my recently behind that is that you can put a lot of information in front of people and they will go ahead and scan through it. But when you have like, the human factor, the emotional factor people tend to connect with that and, and make them like look deeper. But at least that my, my perception, people usually connect more with other people than

Robert Del Rey:  Information. And and yeah, basically, that is what I catch the cloud is about. I have brought people from Overclock's team like like Scott for example but I also brought community members like Rotary and and yeah so far I like the results. What I want to say is that the cloud is not mine. The reason I'm doing the cloud is because I want to highlight a cash community members and also spread the cash word in the world. So what I'm asking you is if you want to get more involved with that if you're gonna help, if you want to participate and be I guess of the show feel free to reach out and we will be I will be more than happy to to make at that happen. And yeah, that is what I wanted to say about the cloud. If you have any questions, Keep in common.

Adam Wozney: Cool. Thank you. Robert and That actually brings up a point, and this is for everyone on this call, you might have seen that. I recently put into our Github discussions page And I think you did this as well. Jigar on this call and a few others governance discussion around getting budget from the community pool for initiatives. So specifically, with me, I'm requesting community funds for a cost presence at events and including community members to potentially attend some of those events. Um, and then also a HACKATHON and AKASH owned HACKATHON. So getting budget from the community pool to actually host and in launch a HACKATHON over the next couple months here, a lot of folks will message me and say, Hey, you know, I'm hosting an event in X region, or Hey, I'm, I'm looking for budget for some swag or whatever.

00:15:00

Adam Wozney:  Everything used to kind of come through me. But now with kind of this open model that we've kind of launched the beginning of this year with a nakash, everything goes through governance. So if there are ideas that you guys have that cost money at the end of the day, the best way to kind of push those things. Forward is through these governance discussions now. So for example, with me an events I have a lot of people messaging saying, Hey we're gonna be at consensus, like have most for example, I know is putting on a large event at consensus and they want to cost to participate. I can't really do anything until I know I have resources to support those initiatives.

Adam Wozney:  Um so most of what I do is all Free-based. So like Akashi to you that was that's as a free initiative, right now, it's not costing overclock or a caution, anything to put this stuff together. I'm working on a few things. I'm going to mention in our community special interest group call after this call today, but those are all efforts that basically don't cost anything. So if there are those types of initiative, You guys have carte blanche to do it like decloud? Like with you, Robert. I know those are things that you're doing because you're passionate about it. Jigar you helped out with Akash edu and putting together that video curriculum because you're passionate about and you want to, you know, help promote and bring more people into pretor.

Adam Wozney:  So if there's a free initiatives that don't cost anything other than just the time, commitment for you guys to do it, you guys have to do it. Like, Don't look to me, like, I'm here to support where I can and I know other community members are, but you guys can do that. And if you have thoughts and you want support, I always go into the discord channel and request that. But, um, if there are things that you want to do that, do cost money like you want some swag for, you know, I don't know, an initiative or you need money for, or you need some sort of financial support for a tool. Whether it's, you know, building a website or whatever. Resources, everything needs to go through a community governance boat. Now, even I know, I think, Denis on this call is designer at Overclock. He needs to kind of go through some of those things, for some of those things that he needs to build out.

Adam Wozney:  So don't look to me as a roadblock. Look to me as like a support system for any sort of resourcing. You need. I can help you kind of define what those what that kind of request could look like. Because I put them in now inside the community discussion board inside of Github. So if you do need support like that like feel free to let me know, let Denis know as well and then jump into the Akash Edu SIG channel and discord for any sort of support needed. Any questions on kind of how that process works.

Adam Wozney:  No. Okay cool. Oh, getting a few more folks to jump into this. Oh Denis. Go ahead.

Denis Lelic: Uh, yeah. Hey everyone. Robert, I saw you're making some great video content. So if you need, maybe some help regarding, I don't know. Like those intro animations with headlines and logos find in. You can also ping me and I'll be there to support you.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you so much Denis. I believe you read my mind and yeah, I will definitely do that. I would like that. The videos can look like consistent with every irration, right? And obviously, they need to match like their cash branding. So yeah. If you could help me out with that appreciate it or not. Thank you for saying it.

Denis Lelic: Yeah, I mean you're kind of the initiator here. so, if we set up a good example and we, you know, start And setting some sort of a bar.

Adam Wozney: I'll also mention Damir here. I know he's been creating a lot of really great videos with Europlots and not to say that as graphics are bad. I'm just saying, Denis is available potentially for support on that too, Damir, just wanted to not to call you out.

Damir Simpovic: Thank you. I joined just the second ago, and I heard this and I was looking for someone who would be doing something similar for my channel, but Just yeah yeah, I didn't want to interrupt. It's just, I don't know.

Adam Wozney: No, you're you're totally fine. Yeah, I I know that you and…

Damir Simpovic:  Hey.

Adam Wozney: and Robert and I think there's maybe a couple other folks have been kind of creating video content and while, you know, you guys are free to do that. And obviously, it's much appreciated. I I think looking at myself and Denis and maybe some other members of the Overclock Labs team is like a support system for you guys and developing these things. Absolutely reach out to us and just go into the discord channel. I mean myself, I see Boz on this call Denis, there's a handful of other folks that, like, live inside of that discord. And whenever there's anyone in the community, like doing anything, you can always tag us reach out to us and look to us for support with those kind of educational content, videos, guides, written materials, whatever that is, that's kind of what we're here for.

00:20:00

Adam Wozney:  Um so yeah you want to mention that and one other just a general idea as I was kind of thinking about this. So something I did when I was at consensus, we had a very similar program to what we have here at Akash. The Akashi insiders program. And for folks that aren't familiar caution Siders programs, basically folks who have raised their hands saying Hey I want to get more involved in a caution somewhere. Another, it's all volunteer, based there are no requirements. It's basically a community leadership program. Just for folks that aren't familiar. I think most of you Adam's call. Actually would be though. And one of the things that we did was we realized that a certain point because I grew the community to around, I think we had about a hundred and a hundred or so kind of community leaders. Mostly through like Meetup organizers and different parts of the world. I think the total number at the time when I was there was around 80k. We had community members that are a part of this and it was still very similar to Akash. It was just me kind of helping support, and nurturing and grow that community. So,

Adam Wozney:  Becomes unmanageable at some point and a lot of them were starting to request graphics for their events and for their videos that they were creating. So, one of the things I did is I worked with are Consensus Design team which in this case would be you Denis and in creating a template. And it basically is a reusable template that people could take into some simple video or graphic editor like Boxy SVG or like Pixlr, you know, these free resources that are like Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator. They're simple to use and free online. They took these templates put them in there and just change some of the verbiage around to be like Aetherium Meetup and Buenos Aires or Ethereum Meetup Berlin. So the branding and the graphics I'll stay the same but it was just an easier way for folks to kind of like promote the events that they were pushing out there.

Adam Wozney:  And as, you know, the education program, grows as the insiders program. Continues to grow. I actually have to add a new person today. It's going to be Important that the things that are being that are coming out through these initiatives, have a similar look and feel and style because if anything it just brings and it adds a little more maybe that the word isn't authenticity but professionalism to like what we're all doing. So it is something that I've been thinking about a little bit and I think I've talked to Denis a little bit about this in the past but um this is maybe a conversation to bring up in the design sig call. But I wanted to highlight that because we're talking about education and you know doing these things we want to promote these things, you know. Um, so that's just a note maybe for, for the design SIG call.

Adam Wozney:  Cool. So beyond that. Yeah so I kind of covered where Akash Edu stands right now. Yes, definitely joined the design sig call. We talked a little bit about some of the community content that you guys are creating. And and I don't think you're on this damir, but I put in a pull request to add to the website, a Community contributors section. So people can go in and add their content into that section of the website. Just so we have a kind of a central repository for all the awesome stuff that you guys are doing and you don't just go into Google search to look for things anymore. Um, so I put in that poor request and now I have to do a few more things to add it. So hopefully by the end of the week or early next week, I'll have a place that I can share inside of our discord channel and say Hey if you have content, you've developed about Akash or even about crypto, you have a place to store it now. Well, you'll own it but it'll just be links basically. And then yeah, we talked a little bit about kind of design, support for education efforts. Those are really the big

Adam Wozney:  Things for the day. I kind of mentioned. This might be a short call but I wanted to see if there is anything else that you guys wanted to bring up or discuss in terms of support or ideas around how we can educate the community about Akash and even expand that on to into Crypto.

Adam Wozney:  No, that's totally cool. I had a feeling is gonna be a short call. I think most of you might actually be on the next call, which is in 30 minutes, the community call. We're gonna have a lot more subject matter to kind of cover there. A lot of updates on working groups and all sorts of things. But, um, that kind of reps it up for Akash edu this month. As always, if you guys do have thoughts or questions or feedback on kind of what I'm working on, what other people are working on, in terms of education, all efforts within Akash. The discord channel is open. Jump into there, leave your feedback. I did want to mention, lastly too. If you do have ideas that you think will cost, you know, money to put together, throw it into the Akashi, you channel create a governance, proposal, throw it on to Github, and then we can get it on chain for a vote. And you can get some resources towards your efforts.

00:25:00

Adam Wozney:  So, those are the big things I wanted to cover today, but other than that, if nobody else has anything else. Thank you for joining, today's Akash edu sake, call and yeah, that's gonna be it. Thanks everybody.

Adam Wozney: Yeah, take care.

Jigar Patel: It. Thanks guys. Okay.

Meeting ended after 00:26:18 👋

