# Akash Network - Education Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #3

## Agenda
- Status update on the education efforts, including Akash Edu
- Discussion on finding additional support for Akash Edu
- Long-term vision for Akash Edu, including the creation of a series of curriculum to develop Akash certified experts

## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, April 11, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

003-2023-04-11

## Participants
- Adam Wozney
- Cheng Wang
- George Pro 
- Robert Del Rey 

## Notes
- Adam thanked Robert and Chang for attending the call
- Adam provided an overview of SIG education group's focus on the creation and distribution of Akash network knowledge
- The group discussed the various forms of educational content, such as technical blogs, GitHub repos, videos, and in-person trainings
- Adam provided an update on the education efforts, highlighting the Akash Edu initiative that he has been leading and the need for additional support
- Adam explained that education is an important subject but due to his involvement in other Akash initiatives, he hasn't had enough time to focus on it
- The group discussed the need for content creation and distribution to different community groups
- Adam suggested that the call be focused on brainstorming ideas for content creation and distribution

### Akash Edu
- Adam Wozney discussed the current focus of education, Akash Edu is a free online curriculum that teaches people about different ecosystem partners inside of the Akash network.
- Praetor 101 course is available for free on Omniflix, people can apply and get airdropped with NFT, and once they complete it, they can mint an NFT saying that they're completed.
- Adam is working with three other individuals for the next rounds of Akash Edu, namely TerraForm, Overclock Labs, and Cloudmos.
- The first stage of TerraForm curriculum will be kicked off soon, and both Mr. Luna and another community member are interested in creating more curriculums around TerraForm.
- Adam mentioned that finding other individuals to help support through incentivization would be beneficial to build out the curriculum.
- The long-term vision of Akash Edu is to have a series of curriculum built out so that people can actually become Akash certified experts who know all the ins and outs of not just ecosystem partners but specific to Akash like interacting with the CLI, all of the documentation that already exists about Akash.
- Adam emphasized the importance of education in the growth of the network and how it's the first step to getting people to deploy or develop on the Akash network.
- Robert has already gone through the praetor curriculum, and George was asked if he has checked out Akash Edu yet.

### Akash Edu Sign Up Process
- Adam Wozney explains the signup process where people apply and he quickly reviews the applications, 
- 99% of the people getting approved. He sends the AKT address to the omniflex guys who airdrop folks admission NFTs. 
- People can log in with their wallet where the NFT has been airdropped to get access to the curriculum and complete courses. 
- If they pass, they get an airdropped completion NFT.
- The process is a rolling process, and they have sent admission NFTs to 110 people in the first cohort. Now, they send 5 or 10 at a clip depending on the applications that come in.

### SIG-Marketing Discussions
- Cheng asks about the number of participants in the Akash Edu program and highlights the need to educate people on how they can contribute to the Akash network using their resources when GPUs come online.
- Adam suggests aligning all marketing efforts into a campaign and creating a marketing SIG to plan and execute it. He thinks that it is necessary to have a timeline, general goals, and forecasts of what they want to achieve.
- Robert agrees to have a marketing SIG since they don't have one yet.
- Cheng suggests having bounties for people to help with the marketing SIG.
- Adam points out that the closest thing they have to a marketing SIG now is the community SIG. However, he also thinks that they need to broaden their scope beyond just community-focused efforts.

### Other Matters Discussed
Robert Del Rey asks two questions:
- - What is the best way community members can support Akash's efforts?
- - How can he use Decloud to send Akash message to highlight its features like decentralized, unstoppable cloud?
- Robert explained that Decloud is a YouTube series where he interviews Akash community members and builders to understand why they like and build for Akash
- - Adam Wozney's response:
- His main focus is to get governance proposals passed, which will incentivize community members to support efforts that help grow the Akash network.
- The hackathon proposal is a good example of an effort that can increase network growth, community involvement, and contributions.
- The hackathon will have different tracks, such as provider deployment and CLI development, that will offer bounties to the winners to incentivize their participation.
- An insider Vanguard and community budget proposal for the rest of the year includes bounties for writing technical guides on how to use Akash console, which can encourage more people to deploy things using Akash.
- Adam's focus is on creating and launching governance proposals, and then executing them with the help of community members once they are passed.
- Community members can get involved in supporting the vision of what's been approved in governance proposals by taking on different roles, such as events manager and marketing manager, in the hackathon proposal.
- Adam suggested creating an editorial roadmap for Decloud to encourage involvement, creating a process for getting involved, and having a knowledge base or website with previous content and easy sharing options
- Robert liked the idea and wrote it down to implement and mentioned that the reader for Decloud will be ready soon, with great graphics from Dennis.

### Final Thoughts 
- Adam Wozney mentioned a note he made about GPU education and asked if there were any other agenda items. He also mentioned that four people completed the live version of the Praetor course when it launched, and they haven't done any promotion since then.
- Robert Del Rey asked if the four completions included the ones done during testing, which Adam confirmed that they were separate.
- Adam Wozney mentioned that they had five to ten people test the course to make sure it worked before sending it out to the 100 people that have applied. He also mentioned that the URL they sent for people who received an AirDrop NFT was incorrect and they had to send out an updated URL through Discord.
- Adam Wozney expressed his interest in having a second curriculum up and running before doing any promotion. He hoped that they could get the Terraform course up and running soon. Once they get that course up, they could do a secondary push and see how many people could go through multiple courses.
- Robert Del Rey thanked everyone, and Adam Wozney ended the meeting by thanking everyone again and informing them that it was being recorded and would be shared and added to the website soon.

# **Transcript**
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

 
Adam Wozney: All right, cool. So yeah, thank you, Robert and Chang for jumping into a very light CIG education call today. I thought that a good way to kind of kick things off is kind of a level set for what the CIG education group is about. Just for folks that might be watching this are not familiar with how these special interest groups are kind of working. But for SIG education, this is really all about the process of creation and distribution of Akash network knowledge in the form of written video or in person, educational content. That can be anything from technical blogs, to GitHub repos to videos like I know Robert has created or Shimpo, one of our one of our big community members, or in person trainings, workshops, things like that. Any questions on kind of what this group is about? Makes sense? Thank you guys understand. Cool. So in terms of where we're at with like, the education kind of efforts, the big thing that we've kind of focused on over the course of the past few months has been the Akash. Edu, which is something I've kind of been spearheading, but um, I am looking to kind of start finding additional hands to kind of support Akash. Edu. As you guys probably both know, or folks that might be watching this both know, I'm involved in a handful of things from helping create governance proposals lately, to figuring out what events we can attend what events we shouldn't attend to thinking through a hackathon. There's a lot of kind of little things that I'm kind of working on. And education is a big subject, because a lot of stuff that we could do. And it's an important subject, and I just haven't had a lot of the

Adam Wozney:  bear content, and then finding ways to distribute to individuals and different community groups that might be interested in learning more about Akash. I haven't put together any thoughts on what that looks like. That's kind of what I thought this, this call could be about, essentially. But um, to kind of kick it off with what we're doing. Currently, it's really all about the only thing that I'm focused on in terms of education as a cost to you which folks that might be watching this Akash. Edu is basically a free online curriculum that teaches people about different ecosystem partners inside of the Akash. Network. So we kicked it off with praetor. We have a praetor 101 course that's available for free on omniflex people apply, their air dropped in NFT, they can go through the curriculum. And then once they complete it, they can mint an NFC saying that they're completed. Currently, I'm working with three other individuals for the next kind of rounds of Akash. Edu. One is with TerraForm. Getting Mr. Luna to help create a educational curriculum on how to engage with his platform TerraForm. One is with someone from overclock labs and Neil, he's been kind of helping spearhead the development of the console. So helping him get prepped for creating an educational course around how to interact with the Akash console. And then lastly is with Maxine from Cloud most, he's shown interest in actually creating some video content or updating some of his older video content that we can throw onto the omniflex platform and help people learn how to interact with Cloud mouse. So those are the three kind of next stage curriculums that I'm working on. The one that's most likely going to be kicking off first is with TerraForm. So Mr. Luna, and actually one of our other community members is both they both kind of raise their hand saying that they're interested in creating not just one but maybe a few curriculums around TerraForm because it's a big subject. But this first one will be very one on one stage kind of sending people a prerequisites doc with like, this is how to engage with TerraForm. Here are some documents that you need to know before you even start interacting with TerraForm. And then once they kind of go through that, then we can send them the video guide and they can kind of go through that and get their their airdropped NF T. The long term vision of Akash. Edu is to have a series of curriculum built out so that people can actually become TBD on what the name can be. But Akash certified basically experts who know all the ins and outs of not just ecosystem partners, people who help other people deploy or provide compute or become a validator and the Akash network. But um, people but but specific specific to Akash like interacting with the CLI, all of the documentation that already exists about Akash. So that is like the long term vision as I mentioned earlier, And it's with just me being the person that's doing it on top of a lot of the other things I'm doing. That'll be a long process. So that's why I thought finding some other individuals that can kind of help support through incentivization, or how we want to do it. Build this curriculum out, I think it'd be really beneficial because I view education as like the first step to getting people to deploy or develop or do things on the Akash network, we need to need to teach people about these things. And if it's evergreen content that we can share, when people have questions we can point to Oh, go to this curriculum. I think it's beneficial long term for the growth of the network. So that's really the big kind of effort that I'd say we're working on right now, in terms of anything educational related at Akash. Any questions on Akash? Edu? I know, Robert, you're pretty up to speed. I think you've already gone through the praetor curriculum. George, have you actually checked out a coffee to you yet?

5:59  

George Pro : No, no, actually, I've been in the back, no, check the website. You have to check actually looking forward to signing up. That's really been exceeded in there. So I'll sign up. Lita?

Adam Wozney: Cool. Yeah, no rush. And basically how the signup process works is people apply. I'll quickly review the applications, and 99% of the people get approved. I'll send that over to the omniflex. Guys, it's kind of a manual process. I think, later stages, maybe it'd be nice to have a little thing things a little more automated. But basically the aka T address that people apply with, I'll send it over to the omniflex. Guys, they AirDrop folks, admission NF Ts. And then when you go to the platform, you just log in with your wallet where the NFC has been airdropped, and then you can get access to their curriculum, and you can just watch the video, answer the quiz. If you pass it, then you get airdrops completion NFC, saying I've completed this course. And that I think will be the process for future courses as well. And then hopefully, we can get people where once you finish, you know, 10 courses, we can kind of label folks as Akash certified experts, which I think would be a pretty cool thing that you could include in like a LinkedIn or when you talk about yourself to friends or colleagues or their crypto folks. So yeah, the rule it's a rolling process right now. And we've so far done to kind of cohorts one was the first big one about 110 people we sent admission, and FTEs to and now we've started sending maybe five or 10 at a clip just depending on what applications come in. So if you apply George, probably within the next week or so, A will notify you and you'll be airdropped and AT T so you can check it out and see if you like it. Go ahead, Robert.
Robert Del Rey: Awesome. First of all, nice shirt. You have George and I give these my African it's pretty cool. So I wanted to say two things. The first question will be what is the best way, way community members can support you in the many things that you're doing? That's the first question. And the second question. So you can mix the answers together, right? How is the best way I can use a cache the cloud to send the a cache message? Because I've been focusing on the people I'm interviewing, and I'm trying to highlight a cache features like decentralized, unstoppable cloud, at cetera, et cetera. The last week of episode, I thought with MB about cash resources, and in cash contributions by community members, which I believe it's a great topic. But if you have any idea that you could share, and also how we or I can help you more.

Adam Wozney: That's yeah, totally. I appreciate that. So I'll answer the first one, kind of helping support some of the efforts that I'm working on. And this isn't hyper related to education, but I think it touches on like a special interest group chat around education. Right now, my main focus is getting a few governance proposals passed. And the reason why I want these governance proposals passed is because there's incentives for community members to help support efforts that I find and community members find because you know, if it passes, everyone's voting yes, they want. They agree, it just makes sense. It helps incentivize individuals to help grow, community contributions, community network activity, all the different things that kind of go along with community development. So for example, you guys have probably seen it the hackathon proposal that I think is beneficial because it's educational, because you're going to be teaching people about Akash through bounties that are kind of part of the hackathon. And the track development that would live inside of a hackathon will be prioritized tracks that It will help increase, hopefully network growth, community member contributions, community member involvement. So we can create tracks around. Let's say we wanted to create a track around providers, we want, you know, 100 new providers on the Akash network. Well, how do we go about that? Well, in a hackathon, we can say, deploy your first provider using pray Tor and go through Akash. edu to do so. And we can actually see people doing that. And then the ones that develop the fastest, they can win the bounties. And this is not exactly precise how it would work. But that's just an example of how this could work. Another track could be the CLI isn't doing, you know, X thing, develop a system or a process for making the CLI a little bit more user friendly. So people can understand it, or how to use it easier. And then people will create those projects, the ones that are voted on as the best through like judges that we'd have in this hackathon, when an incentivized bounty as a part of that. So that's kind of an example. But the only way we can do that is if there's resources taken from the community pool, for example, to incentivize that behavior. Another one is, I'm working on an insider Vanguard and community kind of budget proposal for the rest of the year. And inside of that there are bounties included, so there might be a need for someone to help write technical guide on how to do XYZ thing on the Akash console, it can be beneficial, because it'll encourage people to deploy things using Akash. And it'll teach people on what Akash what the Akash network is, and what the Akash console is, which can be beneficial to Prakash again, because it'll help increase deployment. So it's, it's kind of like, it's like twofold. One is like educational, and one is helping increase network usage, and network development. So my big focus has been kind of getting these governance proposals through and chain, you've seen me pushing that forward. And until those things are kind of launched and developed, it's my hands are essentially tied in many ways in like developing the actual execution of these ideas. Because there needs to be some resources given to or incentivized for community members to contribute to these different priority kind of, I guess, subjects or issues or things that we want people to engage with on the cash network. Once Once those so I would, I would say once those because that's really my that's been eating up all my mental bandwidth is getting these things come created and out the door, and then hopefully passed. Once that stuff's done, then I can actually use some of these resources start executing on these visions. So my, my focus will go not from just creating, you know, working with the community on creating what these governance prompts look like, and making sure committee members are comfortable with these governance prompts. But once they're passed, then it's going to be the actual execution of those things. So inside the hackathon proposal, for example, there's four different roles. There's like an Events Manager role. There's like a marketing manager role. And then there's, I think there's one other one I can't remember off the top of my head. And I'll be working with those individuals. So that's kind of an opportunity for community members to help support the vision of what's been, you know, approved in these governance proposals. So I think that will be the opportunities for community members to get involved. In the meantime, if there are things that are outside the scope of like what I've been thinking about, so like education, events, supporting Vanguards and insiders, there are things outside that scope. I would say the best place to put those would be on my video acting weird saying videos, pause during network problems. My right

13:58  

Robert Del Rey: now you're right. I mean, we're kind of pixelated a little, but I can hear you

Adam Wozney: all right. I'll mute my video. I'm made to be honest. No, no, you're, it's I think it's definitely me. I'm going to mute my video mic. Hopefully, fingers crossed help. But if there are things outside the scope of what we talk about in these calls, what you see me working on in terms of those different governance proposals that I think are going to be beneficial long term, I would say the best place to put those up is either in these discord channels, the special interest group chats, the insiders chat, if folks listening in are insiders, or if they're not, and then or just even the general chat inside of discord. I think that's a good opportunity to kind of bring up these topics of conversation, and then see where they're where they're kind of going. Yeah, does that help answer your question?

Robert Del Rey: Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's gonna start.

14:54

Adam Wozney: Yeah, yes, totally. And I think I'm gonna have to think I'm going to have a little bit more Time to think about how we can get kind of community members that are interested in getting involved in different things. Once these governance proposals are approved, just because we'll have some resources, and have some incentives built into these different projects, and that can spawn off into other kind of projects, or initiatives that I think people might want to get involved in, which you know, I don't have a crystal ball. So it's hard to say exactly what that looks like right now. Cool. And then you had another question? What was the other one? Sorry, forget the second question.

Robert Del Rey: Or is, okay, sorry about the noises. So it was about the cloud. What I asked you is, how is the best way I can send the a cash message through the cloud? Right.


15:53  

Adam Wozney: Right, and give a So for folks listening at home and maybe and Chang and Joe George, that aren't familiar, can you give them an exam? Tell them it's a high level what T cloud is?

Robert Del Rey: Absolutely, I'll be happy to. So I guess, the cloud. It's a YouTube video series that I've been taking care off for a few months already. And what I do is that I interview a cache community members, I cache builders, basically, anybody that is related to caching in any way, and we sit down, we chat about life crypto, of course, we try to mention a cache and keep it related to a cache. But yeah, yeah, yeah. Basically, basically, it's that getting off, start with a be important, just know why they like a cache, why they build for a cache? And yeah, basically try to know the person behind the PSP. Right.

16:49  

Adam Wozney: Got it? Yeah. I mean, I think it's a great initiative. I obviously, you know, I've been a big fan of it from the beginning. I think one way that you can maybe encourage folks to get involved in what you're building out, is creating, essentially kind of, like a roadmap, like an editorial roadmap of here's, here's what D cloud is kind of giving your overview, like you just gave us like, D cloud is a way for folks that are part of the Akash network ecosystem, to see what's going on at Akash. If you want to get involved, here's how you get involved, like, reach out to me on telegram reach out to me on Discord. And then kind of creating the process for how you get folks more involved in what you're building out. And then having a way for them to reach out to you and actually engage with you and set up those calls to kind of like, discuss subjects that you think can be valuable for people that are interested in what you're building. Inside of that, like document or even a website, if you built it out. You could have previous video content that you've created. You could have previous one shooters or road shows people could or when I say roadshow, I mean run of show. Basically understanding like, what the process is like when you're in the call, basically, kind of creating like a, like a knowledge base for how you've developed it, what it's about how people can get involved, what people can expect from this. And then. And then finally, I would say, having some thing listed where it's easy for folks that are either interested in sharing your content, just like participants or guests, sharing your content on their social channels. And that includes, you know, folks here at overclock labs like, you know, Zack helps manage like the Akash Twitter page. If there's interesting content you've created, having something built out where it's easy and seamless for folks to share your content. I think it'd be the final leg of that, that journey. I don't know if that helps answer your question.

Robert Del Rey: Let me tell you, that's a great idea. I was writing some of the points down to make sure I can make that happen. It sounds sounds great, man. I will give it a try. And also the reader will be ready by today. I mean, it's 99% Ready, I'm just missing one thing. And I can't wait for you to see the graphics that Ben is the for the cloud show. It looks amazing. I just gonna I'm just gonna say that.

Adam Wozney: Got it. No, I'm stoked. I'm glad Dennis was able to help you out with that. That's kind of what he's all about. So I appreciate that. He helped me with that. I'm glad I'm stoked to see it. Cool. Well, the only other thing that I wanted to kind of bring up was something I kind of mentioned that. I've been working on a kind of community proposal for resources for Vanguard's insiders, and then various kinds of community activities like bounties, kind of incentivizing folks to kind of come attribute to the network. That's pretty close to being done. I know chaining actually is has reviewed it a little bit, I think it's pretty close to being done. And what I want to do is share that with members of the community for additional feedback to get their thoughts. And then as soon as we kind of get that feedback, it'll be kind of time to for it to go up as a governance proposal. Which hopefully could be done this week, I would say it's pretty much done. But again, I've been gone for a few days, so I need to review where we're at with things. But I think we're pretty much close to being done for that governance proposal to go up. But um, beyond that, those were kind of the big things I wanted to talk about in terms of education today. Was there anything you were thinking about? I know, we just chatted a little bit. Robert, was there anything else additional In addition, you're thinking about in terms of education?


20:51

Robert Del Rey: Not really. Okay, cool.

Adam Wozney: And for now, all right. No, no worries. And while we have Chang any any thoughts, questions, ideas that you've been kind of pondering over Cheng?

Robert Del Rey: Shan, drop a question in the chat. Oh, he

Cheng Wang: didn't let me. Yes. How many have participated in education program thus far? I think I think that's pretty much it. I know. It's still early on. Yeah, process. The one of the, one of the things I do want to highlight is, for example, as we march towards the GP marketplace coming to coming live.

21:34 

Cheng Wang:  I don't really know, like, from an education perspective, what, why AI ml should be interesting to people. I'm not sure. In other words, like how do we generate through kind of education series how people's resources can contribute to cost network? And really, when when GPUs come online to to launch that with the most fanfare possible, that's really my biggest thing.


22:04 

Adam Wozney: Got it? I'm just gonna make a note up you. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, and this, I would say, it's almost like a larger, almost marketing. And it's one thing I've thought about, and maybe this is almost a separate conversation for community members and folks it overclocked to talk about is potentially starting like a marketing SIG, just because that's education is one part of a marketing effort. And if we do these kind of functional aspects of promotion, siloed, I think we're doing ourselves a disservice. Like, I feel like we would need to align all these efforts, like promotion goes from a blog, what's the blog and a contain? Well, the blog would contain a link to an educational course, that would be maybe on omniflex, it would lead to a video that Delray has created as a part of D cloud, I think we would need to kind of align on what all these individual marketing efforts are on a timeline, like basically, we're creating like a marketing campaign around it. So it's not just like a one off, like, we promote it. And then it's kind of like, let's see what happens. And then including that, like, if not forecasting, like what are the general goals we're aiming for, like, we want, you know, 10 new members to go through an educational course, we want 100 people to watch del res de cloud video. We want, you know, XYZ thing to happen. And I don't know if that's a, like a marketing segue idea, which we don't have right now. Or just like an educational idea. You know, I'm just thinking kind of broadly right now.

Robert Del Rey: We call to have a marketing SIG, since we don't have one.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. And I think there are certain things like bounties that we can do, like have people help with marketing sick, that would be interesting. We could definitely discuss that.

24:00  

Adam Wozney: Yeah. I mean, the closest thing to a marketing cigarette now, I would say is actually the community segue which is right after this call, but even that is still a little bit more community focused, because we're not talking about, you know, advertising. We're not talking about, like blog contents, necessarily. Marketing is a little bit more broad than just like community. So but I would say communities sake is probably the closest thing to that right now. But it's something I've been thinking about a little bit because, you know, there's no like social media sig figs, for example, or a social media working group or I don't know. So yeah, I'm just kind of thinking out loud right now.


24:46 

Adam Wozney: Okay, cool. So I made a little note on GPU education. Maybe someone we talked about ad hoc inside the discord channel, but um, any other other agenda items, thoughts? Some things you've been thinking about in terms of education for Akash. Oh, and how many people started last thing you said how many people participated. So we've had four, total completion so far. And those four completions were right when we launched the, like the actual course like it's live. So we had four people complete it. And then we haven't really done any promotion since. So I think if we did like ongoing promotion, like this course, is live checkout Akash. But I'm kind of holding back on that a little bit, because I want to have a second curriculum up and going. So it becomes a little bit more full fledged because right now, it's just about praetor. So it's not like a full grasp of like, all the different things you can do on Akash. It's just the praetor course. So I think once we get the the TerraForm course up and going, hopefully, you know, a few weeks here, Luna is working on a bunch of other things right now. So he was thinking he might be able to get to some of it this week. But um, once we get that second course up, I think we can do a secondary kind of push, and then see how many people can kind of go through multiple courses, or how many people have completed both courses. So but right now, we have four total completions for pre tour.

Robert Del Rey: These four completions are not counting the one that we did while testing, right.


26:24

Adam Wozney: Yeah, this is like the live version. So the testing ones are kind of separate. And we had, you know, it was just for the insiders. So we probably had, you know, anywhere between five to 10, people kind of go through it a handful of times, just to kind of like, make sure the course worked. And then once it was like ready to go and all the bugs were worked out, then we sent out the education course to the 100 people that have applied. One note on that, too, is the URL that we sent for people that were AirDrop, the NFT was the incorrect URL, because praetor actually updated the URL once we sent it off. So we had people original, hey, I've got the NFT. But this course isn't kind of kicking off. So we had to send them an updated URL, generally through discord for that. So now that the URL is updated, I think when we do secondary pushes or tertiary pushes for future courses, we should get more people kind of flowing through that. That process but yeah. Live and learn how to write. Yeah. Cool. All right. Any other education, thoughts, feelings, agenda items, things you want to discuss. I'm good.

Robert Del Rey: Thank you. Cool. thanking us. Yep.


27:48

Adam Wozney: Thank you guys. This is being recorded. So we'll share this out and be adding it to the website soon. But in the meantime, you guys have a great week ahead, and we'll see you in the metaverse. Alright guys, take care.





