

# Akash Network - Deployments Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #1

## Agenda


## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 1, 2023
- Time: 9:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: coming soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Damir Simpovic
- Joao Luna
- Max
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Notes

- The participants came together to talk about the purpose of sig-deployments. There was discussion on how sig-deployments differs from [sig-clients](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-clients).
- Anil had the perspective that sig-deployments was a technical special interest group that focused on deployment that happenned across different clients. 
- Sig-clients is already working on a number of inititives, and the participants decided there was no real need for sig-deployments.
- In order to manage time, future sig-deployment meetings have been cancelled. [Sig-deployments discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751968172462271/1063912418637516993) will remain open through Q1 2023, where the community will determine if there is any need for sig-deployments at this time.
- 


### Action Items

- The participants came to unanomous decision that sig-deployments may not need to meet regularly. 
- All future meetings will be cancelled on the calendar by Tyler
- Sig-deployment will be reevalutated around 2023-03-30


# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: Okay, awesome. All right. Welcome everybody to the charter for Sig-deployments.

Tyler Wright:  Really, what one thing that we can come out to as an agenda item at the gate is, I know that folks have been talking. We already have sick clients, which is well underway, and we have some action items that we're developing out of Out of that SIG out of sick clients. But I know there's been some discussion on what the difference may be between SIG clients and Sig-deployments and if this is a special interest group that we need to keep going. So I think that we can start off with that conversation right now. From some of the meetings that we had to set up kind of this initial SIG structure.

Tyler Wright:  The thoughts around Sig-deployments, was It is slightly different than SIG clients in that SIG clients is focusing on, you know, Max's Cloud most tools like Console Spheron and other client tools on a cost, whereas deployments was more of a wider breath, special interest group, that really focus on the demand side of the network In general. I know that in 2022. There's a number of folks community members that have talked about maybe specific opportunities that they see where people can use Akash and, you know, some of those conversations got filtered towards Boz and BD, but really this special interest group in my mind was really to be focused on from a strategy standpoint, increasing daily Akt, spend on the network, increasing the number of deployments on the network and that could come through anything from

Tyler Wright:  Again, new tools and features as well as identifying maybe user groups that should know about Akash right now. Because there's a solutions that Akash can, you know, add value for. So that was some of the initial thoughts. I thought where this Sig-deployments differ from SIG clients and why it had, you know, immense value. In the community groups. But that's just my thoughts. As anybody else have any different opinions on what Sig-deployments is? And yeah if this kind of stuff is necessary.

Anil Murty: This one, at least, the reason why I created the Sig-deployments SIG was because it was purely a technical perspective. Actually not really thinking of it from a marketing or demanding perspective. and my thinking was, if there are issues in the core code base, that are not specific to any client, So if there's just, you know general issues, all of these lines obviously are consuming some interfaces from the core code base. This Sigma deal with any core issues that impact all the clients that's kind of my thinking on this at least. And so I don't anticipate if that's the the charter for this thing then I don't anticipate us having to do this on a regular basis. And for the most part,

Anil Murty:  You know, we should be able to handle things in discord. If there's but if there's any time we have to do any sort of significant feature development, or changes to the core that impacts all of the clients, this will be the place we were discuss it.

Tyler Wright: Cool. So in your mind anything related to The node repo on.

Tyler Wright: Specifically. Okay.

Anil Murty: Let us correct.

Tyler Wright: Cool. Does anyone else have any thoughts on?

Tyler Wright:  How often we should meet for this SIG? Again, some of the, the mission of this Sig, Luna? I know you're joining a little bit late.

Tyler Wright:  Go ahead, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, just a quick question. So what you're talking about earlier with the, like the demand generation side and I'm just a fly on the wall here. But if that's, you know, not the intention of this is, there would that be better in SIG community, or is that? Because I do think that's important. But I agree with Anil. For this specific thing.

Anil Murty: Yes, I can answer that.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead and

Anil Murty: So I think, you know, I feel like demand Gen is something that. So at least the way I was thinking about this in my head was We've got these different clients that are focused on different user segments. So, you know, there may be people that purely want to do deployments from their application and they want to use LUNA'S client libraries.

00:05:00

Anil Murty:  Or there are people that want to deploys in terraform or you know, you won't want to use a standalone application. Like clouds each of these are different user segments. And so the thinking at least in my head was each of these clients would focus on driving demand from a product perspective, using whatever strategies they like product, like growth strategies, whatever that might be and in separate from that, we would obviously have, you know, initiatives within community to drive, you know, whether it's through hackathons or the things to drive demand as well. So all of those would come together. To ultimately drive deployments for Akash. And and that's that's essentially, you know, how things will work. Now, we have talked about having a potential marketing SIG and I know the marketing teams probably got to think about it. I brought it up during the steering committee meeting I think.

Anil Murty:  That would be potentially the place where we could even talk about things like demand generation as a whole. But but yeah, I mean, I'm totally Not saying that that has to be the way. It is actually a thinking about it, but if people, if everyone's strongly feels like, they should have a Deployment SIG and focus it on, on. Demand generation. That's that's kind of me.

Tyler Wright: I think that any other approach that you have moving forward, is this being more technically focused, the Sig-deployments works for me. Based upon that. Does anyone else have any initial thoughts on different direction for Sig-deployments?

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Um, cool. With that said, I I brought up another good point, so, with many of the sigs, there is a cadence that is monthly with this sig. Specifically, it may not be necessary to meet on a monthly basis. Um, is there any thoughts on meeting cadence? Whether it should be monthly or every other month or just strictly and discord. And then we have specific meetings that may need to happen. There's a vote for quarterly with an option to add more. Does anyone have any Agree or disagree with that.

Boz Menzalji: I think a quarterly option acting as a retro to address technical items, perennials suggestion might make more sense.

Tyler Wright: Okay.

Boz Menzalji:  And Max's 0.2 is pretty strong as well.

Tyler Wright:  I would agree with that, wholeheartedly so, I do think that we need to Yeah.

Boz Menzalji:  So, yeah, well we can do if everybody's yeah, in alignment with this is removing the necessity for this particular one, maybe check in at the maybe mid Q2. And just make a decision on whether we can continue these conversations. We can always bring this thing back. Should we should the need arises? And then we can also sink asynchronously, you know, in discord saying Now, we don't actually need it. It's unclear. We should just focus on the working groups that are generating, an impact, or have a specific need and a mission to them.

Boz Menzalji:  basically, yes, less is more

Tyler Wright: Yeah, I would agree hardly with that. So I guess, as the next action items unless anybody has objects, I will kill all future meetings related to SIG deployment. Will keep the channel in discord, at least the next quarter to just see if there's any movement or any conversations. If there isn't, then we can just shut down that channel at that point. And again, just push folks to other CIGS that are far more active and having more impact

Tyler Wright:  Cool, is any objections?

Scott Hewitson: Sounds good.

Tyler Wright:  All right. Terrific. Luna, you have any thoughts. I know you might be busy right now, but I know that you often have good opinions.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. All right, well again, as to not waste anybody's time, I'll update, you know, you're fine. I will make sure to update the notes to reflect how we're going to be moving forward with this SIG. Again will kill all future meetings. And we'll keep the discord going for at least the next quarter and I'll make sure to check in to see how folks are feeling about Sig-deployments in early, March or April. And if we shut it, if we need to shut it down because there's no need to move on, then we will

00:10:00

Tyler Wright:  Cool. Yep, absolutely great. Great reminder. Again, we'll give you some time back, but the SIG economics is going to be starting in about 46 minutes.

Tyler Wright:  Cool. No. No worries. Luna again, thank you all for taking the time. I think this is a great discussion. We know how we're moving forward with this Sig and yeah, we'll take the next steps.

Tyler Wright:  All right, y'all everybody enjoy get some time back and I'll see you all. Let's take economics.

Damir Simpovic: Cheers.

Scott Hewitson: See you later.

Meeting ended after 00:11:21 ðŸ‘‹
