sig-education/README.md, before:


# Akash Network -  Education Special Interest Group (SIG)

This SIG (Special Interest Group) is focused on all efforts related to educating users about all things Akash. Sig-education is tasked with finding subjects for educational content, as well as creating a wide range of content to be distributed to the Akash community.


## Meetings

[Second Tuesday of the month at 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)


| Meeting | Time | Notes | Transcript | Recording
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Tuesday, February 14, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/001-2023-02-14.md)  |  [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/001-2023-02-14.md#transcript)  |  Coming soon
| #2 | Tuesday, March 14, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/002-2023-03-14.md)  |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/002-2023-03-14.md#Transcript)  | Coming soon
| #3 | Tuesday, April 11, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/003-2023-04-11.md)  |[Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/003-2023-04-11.md#transcript)  | Coming soon

## Leadership

- Adam Wozney, Overclock Labs

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1070509764737507428/1073440712093335612)


## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-education participates in or contributes to:

Commit message:

feat: updates to sync community repo with website repo (#880)
Co-authored-by: Dharamveer singh <dharamveersingh.em@gmail.com>

sig-education/README.md, after:

---
title: Education
date: 2025-02-20T00:00:00-08:00
description: This SIG (Special Interest Group) is focused on all efforts related to educating users about all things Akash. Sig-education is tasked with finding subjects for educational content, as well as creating a wide range of content to be distributed to the Akash community.

category: special-interest-groups

meetings:
  dateLabel: Second Tuesday of the month
  link:
    label: Tuesday 10am pacific time
    link: "https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20"

githubLink: "https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-education"

discordLink: "https://discord.com/invite/akash"
---

# Akash Network - Education Special Interest Group (SIG)

This SIG (Special Interest Group) is focused on all efforts related to educating users about all things Akash. Sig-education is tasked with finding subjects for educational content, as well as creating a wide range of content to be distributed to the Akash community.

## Meetings

[Second Tuesday of the month at 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)

| Meeting | Time                                                  | Notes                                                                                                 | Transcript                                                                                                       | Recording   |
| ------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| #1      | Tuesday, February 14, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/001-2023-02-14.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/001-2023-02-14.md#transcript) | Coming soon |
| #2      | Tuesday, March 14, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)    | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/002-2023-03-14.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/002-2023-03-14.md#Transcript) | Coming soon |
| #3      | Tuesday, April 11, 2023 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)    | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/003-2023-04-11.md) | [Link](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-education/meetings/003-2023-04-11.md#transcript) | Coming soon |

## Leadership

- Adam Wozney, Overclock Labs

## Contact

- [Discord Server](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1070509764737507428/1073440712093335612)

## Sub Projects, Repositories & Relevant Work Groups

The following are projects and work-groups that sig-education participates in or contributes to:
