cg-list/README.md, before:

---
title: "Current Groups"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
weight: 20
---

# Akash Network Community Groups (CGs)

This page lists all the Community Groups (active and inactive) working on projects related to Akash Network. For an understanding of the various types of CGs (SIG, WG, UG, SC) and how they relate to each other see [akash-network/community](https://github.com/akash-network/community). 

This SIG, WG and UG lists are expected to change over time with groups being added and archived as needed. To understand the charter, roadmap and other details for a specific group, visit the repository for the group by clicking on the name of the specific group below. Clicking the label for a group filters down all open issues related to the specific SIG.

Inactive groups are moved to akash-network/community/archive and groups without links have not had their charter & details defined yet.

### [Add sig and wg calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)


## Special Interest Groups (SIGs)


| Name | Label | Leads | Contact | Next Meeting |
| ---- | ----- | ----- | ------- | -------- |
| Analytics | sig-analytics | TBD | Discord | |
| Blockchain | [sig-chain](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-chain) | TBD | Discord | |
| Clients | [sig-clients](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-clients) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751273545375774/1065035088267575367) | |
| Community | [sig-community](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-community) | TBD | Discord | [Thursday, Feburary 2, 2023 10am-11am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/sqt-uzhf-nba?authuser=0) |
| Deployments | [sig-deployments](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-deployments) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, February 1, 2023 9am-10am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/eqm-hhuu-mro?authuser=0) |
| Documentation | [sig-docs](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-documentation) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752266991456278/1065672265863286795) | [Tuesday, January 24, 2023 7am-8am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/ifw-mcsu-stt?authuser=0)|
| Economics | [sig-economics](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-economics) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, February 1st, 2023 TIME TBD](https://meet.google.com/npx-pnjx-dmq?authuser=0) |
| Education | [sig-edu](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-education) | TBD | Discord | [Thursday, Feburary 2, 2023 12pm-1pm pacific time](https://meet.google.com/kfa-hgkb-qrz?authuser=0) |
| Providers | [sig-providers](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-providers) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, Janaury 25, 2023 8am-9am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/zme-cjbw-xou?authuser=0) |
| Network Upgrades | [sig-network-upgrades](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-network-upgrades) | TBD | Discord | |
| Operations & Maintenance | sig-ops-maint | TBD | Discord | |
| Support | [sig-support](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-support) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751101964779581/1065683574629617774) | [Thursday, January 26, 2023 11am-12pm pacific time](https://meet.google.com/qhe-aayf-yds?authuser=0) |


## Working Groups (WGs)

| Name | Label | Leads | Contact | Next Meeting |
| ---- | ----- | ----- | ------- | -------- |
| Client Libraries | wg-client-libraries | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1054846400275431464/1054846858658336798) | |
| Cloud Parity | wg-cloud-parity | TBD | Discord | |
| Content Moderation | [wg-content-moderation](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-content-moderation) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, January 25, 2023 9am-10am Pacific](https://meet.google.com/pbk-nyyo-ysp?authuser=0) |
| Machine Learning & AI | wg-ml-ai | TBD | Discord | |
| Network Upgrades | wg-network-upgrades | TBD | Discord | |
| Testnets & Sandbox Environments | wg-testnet-sandbox | TBD | Discord | |


## User Groups (UGs)
| Name | Topic | Location | 
| ---- | ----- | ----- |
| PoW-Mining | Running minng workloads on Akash | Discord |

## Steering Committee (SC)

The Steering Commitee is initially comprised of the following members who have the most familiarity with Akash Network

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs

Commit message:

update to steering committee meeting time
Signed-off-by: Drinkwater <brewsterdrinkwater@users.noreply.github.com>

cg-list/README.md, after:

---
title: "Current Groups"
date: 2023-1-09T00:19:20-08:00
weight: 20
---

# Akash Network Community Groups (CGs)

This page lists all the Community Groups (active and inactive) working on projects related to Akash Network. For an understanding of the various types of CGs (SIG, WG, UG, SC) and how they relate to each other see [akash-network/community](https://github.com/akash-network/community). 

This SIG, WG and UG lists are expected to change over time with groups being added and archived as needed. To understand the charter, roadmap and other details for a specific group, visit the repository for the group by clicking on the name of the specific group below. Clicking the label for a group filters down all open issues related to the specific SIG.

Inactive groups are moved to akash-network/community/archive and groups without links have not had their charter & details defined yet.

### [Add sig and wg calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18yNWU1ZTM3NDhlNGM0YWI3YTU1ZjQxZmJjNWViZWJjYzBhMDNiNDBmYjAyODc4NWYxNDE1OWJmYWViZWExMmUyQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)


## Special Interest Groups (SIGs)


| Name | Label | Leads | Contact | Next Meeting |
| ---- | ----- | ----- | ------- | -------- |
| Analytics | sig-analytics | TBD | Discord | |
| Blockchain | [sig-chain](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-chain) | TBD | Discord | |
| Clients | [sig-clients](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-clients) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751273545375774/1065035088267575367) | |
| Community | [sig-community](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-community) | TBD | Discord | [Thursday, Feburary 2, 2023 10am-11am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/sqt-uzhf-nba?authuser=0) |
| Deployments | [sig-deployments](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-deployments) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, February 1, 2023 9am-10am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/eqm-hhuu-mro?authuser=0) |
| Documentation | [sig-docs](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-documentation) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062752266991456278/1065672265863286795) | [Tuesday, January 24, 2023 7am-8am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/ifw-mcsu-stt?authuser=0)|
| Economics | [sig-economics](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-economics) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, February 1st, 2023 TIME TBD](https://meet.google.com/npx-pnjx-dmq?authuser=0) |
| Education | [sig-edu](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-education) | TBD | Discord | [Thursday, Feburary 2, 2023 12pm-1pm pacific time](https://meet.google.com/kfa-hgkb-qrz?authuser=0) |
| Providers | [sig-providers](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-providers) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, Janaury 25, 2023 8am-9am pacific time](https://meet.google.com/zme-cjbw-xou?authuser=0) |
| Network Upgrades | [sig-network-upgrades](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-network-upgrades) | TBD | Discord | |
| Operations & Maintenance | sig-ops-maint | TBD | Discord | |
| Support | [sig-support](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-support) | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1062751101964779581/1065683574629617774) | [Thursday, January 26, 2023 11am-12pm pacific time](https://meet.google.com/qhe-aayf-yds?authuser=0) |


## Working Groups (WGs)

| Name | Label | Leads | Contact | Next Meeting |
| ---- | ----- | ----- | ------- | -------- |
| Client Libraries | wg-client-libraries | TBD | [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/747885925232672829/1054846400275431464/1054846858658336798) | |
| Cloud Parity | wg-cloud-parity | TBD | Discord | |
| Content Moderation | [wg-content-moderation](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/wg-content-moderation) | TBD | Discord | [Wednesday, January 25, 2023 9am-10am Pacific](https://meet.google.com/pbk-nyyo-ysp?authuser=0) |
| Machine Learning & AI | wg-ml-ai | TBD | Discord | |
| Network Upgrades | wg-network-upgrades | TBD | Discord | |
| Testnets & Sandbox Environments | wg-testnet-sandbox | TBD | Discord | |


## User Groups (UGs)
| Name | Topic | Location | 
| ---- | ----- | ----- |
| PoW-Mining | Running minng workloads on Akash | Discord |

## Steering Committee (SC)

The Steering Commitee is initially comprised of the following members who have the most familiarity with Akash Network. The first Steering Committee kicks off Thursday, January 26, 2023 from 11am-12pm pacific time. 

[Join here](https://meet.google.com/iet-tdcf-ivh?authuser=0)

- Adam Bozanich, Overclock Labs
- Anil Murty, Overclock Labs
- Artur Troian, Overclock Labs
- Greg Osuri, Overclock Labs
- Scott Caruthers, Overclock Labs
