# Akash Network - Akash Youtube Working Group (WG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda
- Update on Steering Committee video uploads and their structure.
- Feedback and strategy for Steering Committee videos.
- Backlog creation and making it publicly accessible.
- Adjustments to video upload strategies.
- Addressing Akash Console updates and content needs.
- Plans for involving the community in content creation.


## Meeting Details
- Date: Tuesday, September 17, 2024
- Time: 08:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://lwriare43xcbbdbm2jn4tpnpbaul5rpn3v2y7jltc46abhwxayha.arweave.net/XaKARJzdxBCMLNJbyb2vCCi-xe3ddY-lcxc8AJ7XBg4)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Robert Del Rey
- Tyler Wright
- Rodri R
- B S

## Meeting Notes

- **Steering Committee Videos**:
  - Four videos from the Steering Committee series were uploaded with completed elements like intro and outro animations, titles, and descriptions.
  - The design incorporates Akash branding, call-to-action elements, and concise descriptions to summarize each video's focus.
  - Titles are crafted using key discussion points to make the content attractive and informative. For instance, topics like governance and accountability frameworks are highlighted in titles.
  - Automated timestamps by YouTube are being tested, with plans to add manual timestamps if needed.
  - All videos are currently unlisted until receiving approval for public release. 

- **Feedback and Strategy**:
  - Tyler appreciated the direction and suggested prioritizing recent Steering Committee videos alongside earlier ones to ensure relevance.
  - The proposal was made to upload the latest two videos and three older ones initially, then build out the full series.
  - Suggestions were made to include links to Akashâ€™s roadmap (GitHub projects) in video descriptions for enhanced context and community connection.

- **Backlog Creation**:
  - Robert proposed creating a public backlog document to track all video ideas and projects, ensuring transparency and inviting community contributions.
  - The backlog will be shared on Akash's GitHub and YouTube Discord channel, allowing contributors to add their ideas or work on pending tasks.
  
- **Akash Console Updates**:
  - Tyler emphasized the need for content covering new features of Akash Console, including its UX enhancements.
  - Suggestions included creating multiple smaller tutorial videos to address different aspects of Console use, ensuring easier updates when features change.

- **Community Involvement**:
  - Tyler highlighted the need to onboard community members for content creation, enabling scalability and sustainability.
  - Robert mentioned existing tools and templates for intro/outro elements, which could be shared with contributors to standardize content quality.

## Action Items
- **Robert Del Rey**:
  - Prepare and upload Steering Committee videos following the agreed prioritization: two recent videos and three older ones.
  - Share the backlog document on GitHub and Discord, inviting contributions.
  - Include roadmap links in video descriptions for Steering Committee content.
  - Initiate discussions with community members for creating Akash Console tutorial videos.

- **Tyler Wright**:
  - Identify potential community contributors and connect them with Robert to support the content creation process.

- **Rodri R and B S**:
  - Review and provide feedback on uploaded videos and the backlog for further refinement.
  - Assist with streamlining designs and ensuring brand consistency across Akash videos.

# **Transcript**

Robert Del Rey: All right, the Welcome to this edition of the Akash, YouTube Working Group. These working group discuss, all things related to a cast YouTube and we are on a mission to revamp a cash YouTube channel. Today is September 17.

Robert Del Rey: And We got A short list of topics today, honestly. most of the people and their cash insiders are In the events happening in Singapore. So we were expecting low attendance anyway, but it's good to keep you updated about the things we did in the past two weeks in what we are gonna do for the coming weeks. So yeah. If there's anything in particular type, you want to add to the agenda, just let me know. And I will go ahead and start. My. sharing the topics I had on my so,

Robert Del Rey: we'll share the screen.

Robert Del Rey: I'm gonna share the Cash Channel dashboard on YouTube here. You can see some of the stats about a cash YouTube channel. Really cool. What I wanted to show you was in content in the past week. we were able to upload for videos about the steering community calls. we were testing on the design as you can see, here are the thumbnails Very simple like a cash, does it?

Robert Del Rey: And when you click on it, you're gonna see the same screen into a screen. Let me see. Okay, I'm not sharing that.

Robert Del Rey: I'm just sharing that. Let's see. If I open here, I won't be able to produce the video right now.

Robert Del Rey: Or Yeah, of course I will. Come on. while that is loading, this is the steering committee called Number four, let's do a quick breakdown of all the elements in this video, but if it's going to be really nice for context, I already. Talked to you about the thumbnail, you have a steering comedy. You have the number of the call. You have the cash logo. And you have an accelerate symbol here, which you cannot see because of time. But when it's bigger, you can see it. For example, if it's the home screen, you will be able to see all the elements.

Robert Del Rey: as soon as you click the video, you're gonna see a similar screen just without the number, but this one has community and the date April 20 23. And a little anime.

Robert Del Rey's Presentation: All Welcome everybody to

Robert Del Rey: and jumping into action. It's really nice. Some things are in the intro, the screen. there were some that are a space in the beginning of the call and also After they call ends. So I made sure to remove that screen those Just to make sure that viewers They have to see it, right? I mean, they want to stay in the video if nobody is talking. So I made sure to trim that and jump right into the action once they call ends.

Robert Del Rey's Presentation: Does anyone to be joining notes here?

Robert Del Rey: Let's see.

Robert Del Rey's Presentation: Play in the working of but thank you all again everyone have a great day.

Robert Del Rey: What?

Robert Del Rey: Will say goodbye and it's kind of similar animation as an outer screen. The sound is different. and yeah, this is the outro. Patient. rodri, I didn't say hello to you. We are right now talking about the different elements in the videos we uploaded in the past week. Right now, we're talking about the steering company. Number four? And yeah, we went over the thumbnail, the Intro and Ultra screen. let's go over the text. As you can see, here's a cache network. It's a steering Call number four. And I try to make the title as I don't know. Okay, attractive as possible.


### 00:05:00

Robert Del Rey: to do that. I get the transcript of the calls. And I honestly asked shared deputy for five to ten examples based on the topics of this call. And the topics that.

Robert Del Rey: That rule this talk let's say the most spoken topic in this call, it was about governance in measuring accountability how making the frameworks. it's single place, making sure we're body for good players, people benefiting the akash ecosystem, all those things, you will be able to hear the call. So yeah, one title. It's enhancing governance proposal accountability. Yeah. Here's the description of the call. It's a quick summary about all the things spoken in this call. It's actually really nice. Personally, after watch most of these four calls, and it's great how long?

Robert Del Rey: The attach theme has come in this initiative, the steering comedy. Call number one, it's the first call of the Syrian community. And in that call, great in a Neil, they speak about open sourcing the community how the community is taking charge of most of the things in their cash ecosystem. So, I've been able to revive those talks and honestly this is really good material Hopefully, people like it. So yeah, in the description you can see a summary of the things spoken in the call. I didn't add Time stands. because YouTube has an option that they added to you, they added for you automatically,

Robert Del Rey: I haven't shown how that works. I just click on the option. Hopefully they do it. And let's see If it doesn't work, I will need to manually go over the video and identify the chapters and With the timestamps to give a little context, those are kind of like chapters. And the good thing about having kind of stamps is that people can jump right into what They want to hear the most, right? They can go directly to the end in the middle in case the topic interests, them more there. So yeah, YouTube is implementing automatic timestamps, let's see if they work. These videos are not published. I wanted to talk with you first before going live. So, we're gonna cover that in a second.

Robert Del Rey: Besides that, we have all the links to a cash ecosystem. I did some tweaks because first, we had connect with the crash community, I actually just went ahead and I deployed on a cash today and added a link to the cash console. Hopefully they can make people jump into the action, then you have other ways to connect with the Web page, Twitter discord and all the other links and I added A cash show or swag. Also, we didn't have that, I don't know how you feel about having these

Robert Del Rey: But in any case, it's very easy to remove leave. So yeah, more about a cash. you might see it as empty, but if I do not add any links, YouTube will add videos here for me automatically. So that's why you sits and I can add our links to other videos. I can add links maybe to other steering community calls. But if I leave it empty, YouTube will fill it out with more content from a The playlist. This is added in the We have many playlists, but this one, excited, India, cash community. I intend to add all the steering community calls in this presentation. Ation and yeah, that's all about. The videos we uploaded and all the elements.

Robert Del Rey: What was the change? I did. A cash swag into, Let me just on to changes just in case. And here are the rest of the videos. I uploaded a quick spoiler image in this score last week. And you can see all of them are number and have title and have descriptions and All of them are ready to publish now. So I'll stop now and come back to the conversation. And yes guys, what do you think about these videos? You have any piece of feedback? And should we go live with this videos? And the last question, how many of them should we have uploaded for the next working?


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: Know I appreciate all the work here. This is definitely moving in the right direction as I saw. I think to your point we don't focus on time stamps right now. I think YouTube can do that. So don't let that be a blocker. I like the idea of

Tyler Wright: kind of even like I think you chat GPT maybe take the notes and put those and catchy BT versus a transcript because sometimes it transcript because it's like an AI tools. I kind of flawed but maybe something for you to test and then we can drop some of those keywords, in there or kind of tags. but I think this is moving very much in the right direction, to be honest, From a time standpoint. I would love because we're getting into the busy event schedule. I think in the summer, there's less people that have time to participate in the community groups to be great to get as many as possible. I'm live before.

Tyler Wright: The next YouTube meeting or even if possible before steering committee. So to be something that we could showcase if they're not like live, then we can just keep on working kind of in the quiet until they are. But before we start talking to the steering committee and everyone else about I would love for a number of the steering committee videos to live on YouTube, as a reference point. So I really love the direction. This is I Don't have much feedback except for continue to push forward because my hope is that this will drive a lot of people to participate. And some of these meetings are at least, understand all the things that are going on.

Tyler Wright: It might be also beneficial for the steering committees to add a link to the roadmap. I think it's an easy link. I mean just go to Github Cash, get hub and then just click on projects. This should be two projects in there, one for product, and engineering one for community and marketing. So adding that as well would be true.

Robert Del Rey: Noted. Thanks.

Robert Del Rey: And high B sings. We're going in, Big shout out to you and the feedbacks in the designs B, s and I shot a lot Was it last week or the week before? I don't remember, but was sharing a lot trying to nail down these designs. And yeah, after we got Dennis Blessing, we just was like, Let's do this. We got his blessing, we don't need anything more. Let's just do this and we're doing it. So yeah I'll tell you coming back to your point. Yes the necessary incoming recall, it's next Thursday, the 26th.

Robert Del Rey: So, yeah, I'm very confident. We can have at least 10 videos ready for the steering community, Then I cash, YouTube. It's happening on 1st Tuesday, October 1st. All right.

Robert Del Rey: I would just keep pushing the pedal to the floor and try to get as many of these videos uploaded as possible. And then I will keep them on listed in the meantime and when you give me the signal we make them life, all right and go ahead asking your hands.

Tyler Wright: Do you think it's possible? maybe this will mess up your flow but to do if you have four done now and you think you could do 10 by steering committee? Is it possible to do the most recent two? And then three from the end? I know that might be hard to follow later, but it just would be great to have, especially if we were to go live and we only have 10 for people to be all right, I know what's happening in the last couple of meetings, they can obviously also go to the github, which will be linked and see everything, but it'd be great to have, potentially the last two meetings. And then again, start to build out everything. And then, this will be something that will get added on a monthly basis. it's new meeting happen, we'll add them to YouTube.


### 00:15:00

Robert Del Rey: Sure, your wish is my command.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

Robert Del Rey: You got it, men do that. And that is actually one question, I had two weeks back. I just forgot to ask you You wanted to start with the most recent video or with the first video and yeah, I figure we could do it with the first video but we can have more presentation. so yeah. You're actually cleared out one doubt for

Robert Del Rey: And comments and replies. That is the last thing I went to cover before. Moving on, to the next topic, we had a comment like Three weeks back I believe.

Robert Del Rey: One second. Yes, it was three weeks back and make sure in the screen. Let me share the screen again.

Robert Del Rey: I believe you should be able to see it now great. So last month we had these common. Can you use a regular computer with 30 60 and put it on the cash network? And big shout out to you rri. Help me out getting these answer for this person. So basically we try to keep it simple. We didn't say yes or no. But this is how we did it. Thanks for reaching out. We encourage everybody to provide whatever resources they have available on a cash. However, the higher capacity of your equipment, the better chances of earning Akt, which is true. here's how to get started and you have links to a cash resources and links to attach this group. So we try to keep it short and sweet there.

Robert Del Rey: I believe this can work greatly for these kind of questions. It's a very general question. Many people have these questions you can see on discord and telegram, so I guess rodri nailed down these answer really good. Thank you so much. After that, we got our reply five days ago, saying a cash. Your video is very good. I didn't reply to that. I just liked.

Robert Del Rey: because you can see a little Cash logo here, And I want to pay you to run an ad for me. Alright, I know where this is going. let me remove that. That's not much action at the moment. This is the last common we have And yeah, that's all I had for the first stop. This second topic. It's gonna be shorter. It's about having a backlog. in this initiative, we really want to repent this channel and there are many good ideas coming in and out. so, I believe I'm proposing to have a backlog. I don't mind doing it and maintaining it.

Robert Del Rey: yeah, how do you guys feel about having a backlog in the backlog? We can add all the topics or things we want to do, but maybe we cannot do right For example, right now, the priority is getting the steering committee called videos Another plan we have is doing other kinds of videos, right? But we cannot do all the things at once. We have to do it step by step. So maybe when we finish the student community videos, maybe we forget what we wanted to do. So that's why it's important having a back load. And yeah, Yeah, I'm just proposing. I just proposed it.

Robert Del Rey: Go ahead. Ask your hand.

Tyler Wright: I would just say Maybe if we can make the backlog public because the goal is to make it easy for new people or people that maybe have been around, but maybe been a little bit quiet and they have the ability to help here, the idea is to get multiple contributors like yourself Robert that can kind of do the same thing and help support some of these initiatives. So, yeah, just if we can make that backlog public somehow, that would be stupendous.


### 00:20:00

Robert Del Rey: Sure, you got it, We create the dog, make the link public. I will add the link in the GitHub thread about YouTube, and I will share the public link in the Cash YouTube channel, then so people can see it in and start adding Their inputs All right. I was. Easier than I expected, And yeah, the third topic it's actually in the Q&A session. This is the time guys to bring your questions comments concern. Maybe regrets. I don't know. And I'm actually done with the agenda. You got in a little later. PS. we're over about the four videos, we uploaded on the past weeks. We talk about these signs interest screen.

Robert Del Rey: and more recently, the comments replies in the backlog. So, go ahead and

Tyler Wright: the only thing that I would add is, there's been a lot of And this might be maybe not the right audience, maybe you should talk about some sick design first but there's been a lot of new features around console and the last couple of months, I feel this is just Tyler's speaking. That there should be more video content created by, potentially a community member around all the new features related to Council. whether it be, just easier to use, you wax, all that kind of stuff would be. I think greatly beneficial to the community. Maybe we can do a blog around it. Maybe there's a number of things we could figure out how to kind of share that content a little bit more.

Tyler Wright: But I think it's very much necessary.

Robert Del Rey: Sure.

Robert Del Rey: I got it.

Robert Del Rey: All right, guys. Thank you so much for going Very happy about the work, we are doing here and I'm sure this is only the beginning.

Robert Del Rey: With that being said, is there anything else you want to bring to the table? Otherwise, we can just drop off these call for today.

Robert Del Rey: Alrighty, so yes I was saying in the beginning they called might be a little short based on the topics and the things we share. But again, thank you everybody for joining. Also, those listening to the recording. Thank you for being part of that cash community. A quick update is that we changed the frequency of this call instead of weekly wishing it to a weekly setting. That can change over time. It's gonna depend on what's going yeah. I'm glad I got this On the master calendar. Everything it's good. We have the correct link and At least for me it's just the right time, but when I go to events on this court, it's the cash YouTube call.

Robert Del Rey: It starts in two hours from now. it hasn't even started based on this court. So if this is something we can get faiths that the great appreciated. I know sometimes this score miss out. So I'm just bringing this to you.

Robert Del Rey: and So I have a few action items for the next call, we're gonna add the links to Roadmap and more information of a cache in the descriptions. We're gonna change the dynamics uploading the steering community called Videos. We're gonna upload at least the two or three, most recent videos and then resume with the older videos, I guess we can do something like a sandwich there. Maybe we can upload new one whole until we reach the middle. That can work too. and we spoke about the backlog. We're going to create the document to make it public, so everybody. Who have access to their cash YouTube channel on discord can contribute to this document.


### 00:25:00

Robert Del Rey: New videos about the new features of a cash console. I'm gonna think about that, and send you a message to see how we can go about this video. Hopefully, one community member can step up and help us out with this one. So with that being said guys, if you have any other questions comments Go ahead. I saw you.

Tyler Wright: so, real quick, if I know that there are some other folks that have reached out to me in the past about having content abilities, I was wondering for the opening and closing for the steering committee and some of the other content ideas is there files that would be available to somebody else so they can follow the steps Robert that you've already kind of set up and we talked about here during this call and all they would have to do is work on implementation. Does that make sense? if I wanted to

Robert Del Rey: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Because my hope is after the steering committee we get 10, My hope is that shortly after that, we can get all 20 up and then we could just be focus on just like adding the new steering committee every month and then we can be focused on other initiatives. So I might see if there's anybody else in the community that can help. But I would just like them to follow exactly the process that you've already set up in all they're doing is just like our repeating it, With some extra time.

Robert Del Rey: Yeah. something similar to that is on camera B s and I have a workplace together and over there, we can edit the graphic elements together so I guess that's related to what you're saying. I just need to delete with them andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Robert Del Rey: as soon as they access the link, they can edit it and do it themselves, if it's necessary.

Tyler Wright: That would be great. We can figure that.

Robert Del Rey: If you remember the names of those people though, also feel free to refer them and I can get the shot going.

Tyler Wright: Will.

Robert Del Rey: Or writing. Okay, Alright, I believe, that's it for today again. Thank you so much for joining this call. I'm really happy to be part of this initiative. And yeah, let's make it up for a cash. So have a nice rest of the day. Everybody expect the recording soon and they call notes in the score and github. If you have more questions, comments, The channels are open by the ends are open and I see you on the flip side. All right.

Robert Del Rey: Stay safe guys. Bye.

Rodri R: To you, right?


### Meeting ended after 00:28:19 ðŸ‘‹

