---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #6"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-6"
date: 2023-07-05T18:00:00Z
contributors:


- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Joao Luna
- Robert Koschig
- Scott Hewitson

---

# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #6

## Agenda

* Updates Scott & Cheng regarding [Stable Payments](https://github.com/akash-network/community/blob/main/sig-economics/stable-payments-and-take-rate.md)
* Open up to community for ideas or concerns

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, July 5, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://h2cpwx7cvuhq7gn2rqgbm2nn34r3ie7vppfmgnbpyzmp3sbnqw3q.arweave.net/PoT7X-KtDw-ZuowMFmmt3yO0E_V7ysM0L8ZY_cgthbc)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Emmanuel Arthur
- Joao Luna
- Robert Koschig
- Scott Hewitson

## Notes

Cheng opened up conversation by calling out that stable payments is ready for test-net encore (likely July 12-19) which will occur directly after GPU test-net.  

We then opened up to questions from the community.

### Notable Questions (Paraphrased)

- Question (Robert): Regarding all aspects of economics, what kind of modeling has been done and can you go into that more?
    - Answer (Cheng): There has been internal modeling for certain aspects and it is difficult because you really don’t know what users behavior will actually be so it is just best guesses at the moment. For stable payments, we are are starting with a higher take rate high as to not take away from the utility of AKT. We anticipate many users will want to pay with stable payments and that helps feed the Incentive distribution pools.

- Question (Robert): Can you give info on the decentralization of providers, profitability, and how to check what they actually have what they say they have.
    - Answer (Cheng): Anyone can become a provider and you can check current ones on [Praetor](https://akash.praetorapp.com/provider-status?chainid=akashnet-2). There is sections for provider attributes where you can see exactly what resources each provider has to offer. Every provider has varying operational costs so it really depends on the location and number of workloads they are receiving for profitability. 

- Question (Andrew): Is there plans to incorporate fiat payments into Console?
    - Answer (Cheng): The short answer is yes. The longer answer is that it has to happen in phases and we have to decide when and where to optimize for this. The tradeoffs are custodial vs. non-custodial wallets, web2 vs. web3 based user flows, and many others. We realize that it is a friction point but it also must be designed in a way that works for all users.

### Action Items

All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

## Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

Scott Hewitson: All right, good morning everybody. It's the 5th of July. This is the sixth installment of SIG economics. We have a lighter crew today think after the Fourth of July and we also have testnet going on. I think a lot of people are busy in other places. but we did want to record something to, Show proof for record of this and go through a few any updates if we have them and any questions if we got it So last week I'll say we talked a little bit about take great and stable payments. We talked about how. Stable payments are essentially code complete and ready for test net so I'll Cheng if you want to add anything to that and then we can ask any questions or add anything else we'd like.

Cheng Wang: Sure, thank you. Yeah. So as mentioned, take rates and stable payments are code complete and ready for a test And in that vein, immediately following the GPU test, then on the 11 / 12 of July, we will be commencing really the same testnet, technically, but we will be conducting internal as well as test with insiders and insiders as well as vanguards to perform test necessary to just, kick the tires on all things. They will payments and all things, take care related. And so, once that goes, that's complete, so that period should last about a week from July 11th to approximately the 19th or July 12th in the end date of the test that being complete. And then from there on forward we expect somewhere in the realm of Maine at proposal for me to Ex

Cheng Wang: We had to, I mean at six, go live, that happens somewhere. Around the 31st of July, has a rough kind of estimate. of course, things can change. Just depending on what's found from the testnet, right bugs, have already been discovered. So those are being addressed and of course, instructions etc. Coordination, all that stuff has to happen, specific to economics, the more people joining specific to economics,

Cheng Wang: We will be testing the take rates as well as stable payments starting the 12th and ending on the 19th. So, if there's anyone here or who reads this, who are interested in participating, as part of our insiders or vanguard's program, to test the future, please do. Go ahead and volunteer, and it's worthwhile to know, we are keeping this one relatively light not light, but not really publicizing this in a major way to one, not steal shine from the GPU test that because we want people to be focused on that number two nor are we incentivizing it. very in a robust fashion because, one's not sales shine from the GPU test that and then too, because it is a very nuance and technical feature that does not have a GUI attached to it. So testing it will be only highly technical we can really test it the same, I guess could be safer GPUs but currently we're rolling with now. But either way

Cheng Wang: For insiders and folks who want to help participate and kick the tires we'll consider for sure incentives. for those folks who can help us

Cheng Wang: But yeah, that's basically what we got for now. There's one last part of this, which is as mentioned, because sales payment to take rates currently do not have a GUI to interface with. It's all like backhand work that's been complete, And therefore, the only way to really leverage that as currently, constructed is through the CLI. And so, if there's anyone in the community on this call, again, anyone who's reading or listening to this transcript at some point in the future. If it hasn't yet already been done, wants to help us Create a hash map in other words, That can be more easily used for deployment purposes, as well as for providers settlement purposes. Please do, let us know, That's pretty much all I have to say if's There are any questions, please have it.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks for that update. Yeah, as Change said if anyone's got any comment. Okay, nice. Got some hands, Robert. Why don't you kick us off?

Robert Koschig: To the whole economics update. Is there any work done to kind of certain aspects of the new economics setup? Basically, to also kind of different scenarios on the parameters like, take rate, share, stable payments, how do we split Via the incentive distribution pool. I…

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah.

Robert Koschig: not that that suggests to do it, just out of curiosity, all that process went or…

Cheng Wang: That's a great question man.

Robert Koschig: will go.

Cheng Wang: For hey here Robert that's a fantastic question and you and I were both financially so we love our models right in that vein we've definitely done some work internally. Just

Cheng Wang: At this point there. So it's kind of two things To answer your question directly, we have done some internal modeling but two it's really gonna be difficult. They're all just best guesses until we put it into the wild as far as how people actually interact and use it and I guess thirdly is I don't think the user experience will be in a point. That's good enough right off the bat, First, they will payments for it to be used alongside of Akt as a method of payment immediately. This is why the building making a UI accessible is so important, but having said that, in terms of just going through some thought experiment, what are we trying to achieve with saying economics here broadly is to incentivize the growth of the network and just make it worthwhile for people to participate, right? Those are kind of like two key tenants here and in terms of

Cheng Wang: So in terms of usage and its final form, let's say, if the UI was perfect and they were stable payments, what would most people be paying with? Let's say you had a choice of people paying. And, Let's just say, usdc, right versus Akt. I would guess as the network continues to mature and achieves more mainstream of the option, more and more share of the payment will be done in us usdc. So hypothetically, we fast forward, let's say five years down the road, I would anticipate 99% if not more of the networks. Payments right for leases and things to be done in stable payments or fiat directly rather than using Akt Simply because, one of the issues we introduced why we introduced payments is to address the volatility of Akt itself.

Cheng Wang: All right, so that's kind of our idea here, number one. And that's also one of the reasons why the take rate is commis really high for stable payments, such that it feeds back into the class community without causing kind of deleterious effects to the Akt as utility token,

Robert Koschig: No, thanks. And that makes sense.

Cheng Wang: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Did Luna question.

Cheng Wang: .

Scott Hewitson: Briefly, but maybe not anymore. Does anyone else have any questions or items they want to touch on?

Robert Koschig: I mean, I would have one more but it's, only partially related to seek economics.

Cheng Wang: Fire away man.

Robert Koschig: So I don't want to

Scott Hewitson: Not good.

Cheng Wang: No worries.

Scott Hewitson: Go for it. We got the time.

Robert Koschig: And yeah okay, yeah just to avoid that, I'm bore the other folks in the call. but it relates a little bit to what I shared. I think last time and also in the Forum around the research we conducting. and that's why I also wanted to share with this group. We are basically starting The first phase was about, okay, however, what emissions? what are networks rewarding, how this scheduled looking like and things like that? Which was already quite interesting, even though it's actually quite high level when you think about it, And, typically question or actually now that we then now get more in touch with the protocols are kind of like the

Robert Koschig: The operation. No, backbone of the protocols, right? The node operators, for example, with live peer, we just published some with pocket as we talked with those folks. It's interesting to see that they also have, similar discussions right now as Akash has here, when it comes to Incentivizing public goods funding for example, right? Because that's not something originally any protocol had on the radar for example. And one particular question that we try to address with them is a little bit around The network set up on the supply side How many you can see the notes and in your case you can see the validators and you can see the providers, right? and…

00:10:00

Cheng Wang: Right.

Robert Koschig: how much they doing, but then you don't know how many instances are that. when you think about centralization, is it One centralized company or Really, 100 different people, things like that and we try to understand. what setups do they run, Cloud bare metal? How high do they go and the reason the research aspect of our research is a little bit to contrast that with kind of like how much did the rep, Network eventually need to do or on the other hand, Do you need to? Are there efficiency gains right? when you look on those setups but yeah, long story short. I mean, this is where we start poking into the different networks on

Robert Koschig: Is there something that communities already do in that regard? And if not, whom would you talk to if there could be interest, And maybe as one example, we poked into pocket two weeks ago and they're cool. We actually have a survey draft, we want to do that. If you do the survey, off you go and then No we launch it today and we'll see how that goes. But Yeah that's why I'm just curious how you guys think about that because it seems like You're also touch provider incentives and then also have they expect exponential discount model so touches a little bit those setups but that's why I'm curious how you think or even who in the community would be a good, Talking partner to discuss that.

Cheng Wang: Okay, lots of unpack here. So just the quickly summarize.

Robert Koschig: Yes, sorry for the monologue.

Cheng Wang: Make sure I no, no, this is great. Thank you. I love these. the deep thought experiments especially when it's kind of grounded real in reality, So when you're referring to, it has we thought about anyone in the community or some combination thereof, thought about this? What are you referring to specifically in cinematization? Sorry, if I'm missing the boat here. Robert, could you just quickly help Exactly where you're asking. I'm not quite understanding fully.

Robert Koschig: No, no, kind of like a serving or understanding the setups, for example, there's obviously, minimum technical requirements that you need to have to join as validator or provider and…

Robert Koschig: actually, get the job done, But then there's obviously large ranges of what people can actually do to kind of be efficient.

Cheng Wang: yes, 100%.

Cheng Wang: Okay, totally, got it, appreciate you repeating that Robert. So what we currently have is, audit attributes? Which I'm not sure if you're familiar with, So, that's essentially a way for some decentralized, third party method and anybody can be coming out or to go. And when a provider comes on to say, What machines do you, have you say, You come on board. Let's say with a, h100 with a hundred vcpus, with this kind of performance, this kind of store just kind of memory etc. How do we know that to be sure? Because you can just state it in but you could be flatly lying, And so that's where the web of trust, kind of design comes in. Where if you're lying and someone deploys a workload on your provider and it clearly is not that you lose reputation, And you get dinged for that. So, you won't earn future work clothes because that's kind of how the rating system essentially works. I think

Cheng Wang: EBay, right? If you're a merchant or your seller and you sell fake stuff, you're not gonna be a good merchant and a seller on the network from much longer. Having said that There is definitely a lot of room for that develop. So do we need a better way or just more robust method for surveying, I guess in your way of saying, surveying slash auditing providers on the network 100%, We need That I would love to have that. So if you have any thoughts or ideas Robert and you want to, talk more either here and more privately about, working on some of the stuff we can, talk and get drafts up something in discussions, but that's something we definitely need 100%. We would like to have more auditors on the network number one. Number two, we would definitely like to have a more robust.

Cheng Wang: Consistent and real-time method for surveying slash auditing new providers, as well as existing providers because provided parameters can change at any moment in time. So those are definitely two things. we need does that Address where you were asking, Robert.

Robert Koschig: Yeah and I wasn't aware of this link that Scott just shared. That looks exactly like a really good starting point. for me to understand, but yeah, for sure we can probably, let me look through that and then we can follow up. Yeah. Because that's also something that basically all networks have this web of trust reputation thing is a good mechanism,…

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: Right.

Robert Koschig: what else is there. but also right, is there anything and that's I'm not so sure, I'm not a technical person. I'm coming from the economics side, but often what you also realize is Are there any broader inefficiencies that you realize when you see how people set things up? Just because it's funny, I talked with Lyp Orchestrators on Monday, and they're like, we went through all the same story in the sense of we joined the network, we excited on something up then, we scale it up and then we realize, that's not economics again and then they scale it back. And you're like, Okay, so everybody that's the same learning. it's kind of like, because at the end of the day, that goes to the cost of the network, right? Because

Robert Koschig: eventually that they make their owning with a token. so that's why we always wonder, Is there anything to learn by having more transparency on how people set things up? However, it's on the other hand, in these decentralized network where this is kind of, part of the game to have the competition, you're awesome. Don't want to, share everything. Yeah, for sure something. Let me look at the link and then I'll probably reach out to you again, even next month and in this call, but probably before. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah, that's I think. And in that vein, right and Luna, I see your question. All gets that and in just a second just to try and tie a knot or a bow around this particular subject, as far as The cost, I suppose understanding what providers and validators providers specifically in our case here, right? What the cost of spending something up on the network with that might be it really. Depends on what cohort you fall into. So as a provider, the cohorts are roughly speaking. And are super big enterprise grade data centers, Medium enterprise, right data centers and small ones and those are kind of the three enterprise side where we'll call loosely data centers, the economics of the world and then we'll have

Cheng Wang: And then we'll have.

Cheng Wang: The consumer side, which is people who have Iraq running somewhere, who have many racks, whatever they do, They have their personal machines. Whether it's in their own home, their premises, their office, a warehouse or a cola, whatever that might be, So those are kind of the four general swads of people but broadly speaking, you have data, centigrade and you have private. So, depending on that kind of cohorting, each set has different cost parameters, right? That they have to deal with. So, when you come in and say, I want to be a provider, What should I be expected to earn to break? Even the first question is, What is my break even cost? Right, So if I'm a provider and I just have an extra machine sitting at home, let's just say I have solar power. My power harder is already paid for Essentially any money I make at all whatsoever is going to be a bonus to me, So the requirements for that person or person,

Cheng Wang: Is very different than someone who let's say runs a data center, Where they have to pay for the power. Even if it's subsidized that they're still that cost, there's the overhead of running and playing people to manage your center, cooling it right? And also the hardware itself tends to be a lot, more expensive and high end, right? And so that all that cost baked in matters. So, those are just broadly speaking to cohorts, to understand their cost, structures are very inherently different and therefore their break even prices will be different, but that's that kind of the entire idea for cautionary. one of the ideas, Is to have a very heterogeneous provider set right with homogeneous user experience, Greg always says that and I tend to agree. what does that mean, and practical application? This is something where we definitely need to work on and have it yet really fleshed out, which is the first salvo of provider and incentives, right? What do we

Cheng Wang: Incentivize as far as pools, go right to say Look if you have a 100 with a specific configuration, you can expect to earn this much right in our first attempt at doing that is during, this particular test net, Where we have incentives baked in for certain GPUs and those will leverage that experience and what people have said people are given us a tremendous amount of feedback on discord. I'm saying Hey I think this is overpriced This is under price and so it'll be really cool to see especially as benchmark tasks that are currently running. Now, I'm over the next two weeks, really week, rather come to a close right to understand what the price performance of some of these chips are when compared to side by side in addition to research that's out there benchmark that's already been done out there. We can I think more confidently go out with a first salvo provider incentives to bring those providers onto the network. But again, right it really determined the pens.

00:20:00

Cheng Wang: Rather the original cost structure for these providers, whether it is interpersonal or private. To just quickly jump to Luna's things So part of the plan for stable payments, miss that No worries. So Akt burn, is not part of stable payments to The big part to start is take rates. So, what we want to do is before jumping into burning because that creates kind of two problems. One, once you start it, it's really hard to undo it, Number one, and then two given the current regulatory landscape, right? Burning creates Certain expectations that we don't want to necessarily create, especially not right now. And so I think accreting the take rate.

Cheng Wang: Payments. Right? the take rate proceeds into the community pool to start. We'll be really good, right? Because number one, it further builds the community pool number two, then the community pool can be leveraged for a creative measures, that incentivized the community to build certain things, So everything from, Preature app, that Scott's shared in the link right now to what you see being done with Cloud all the way down to, some of the incentives, Are in part, I'm going to be funded by the community, right? So those are all super important components and we want to. I think it would be best to understand the impact, or take grade. What the percentage is look like what the yields kind of look like to the pool. How quickly that creates, especially since the features still really new As we get the UI developed, It'll be interesting to see what that at scale. Looks like, right. And especially as the GPU goes into main and we just

Cheng Wang: typically have a lot of moving pieces and before intro a introducing a brand new mechanism, want to see how the existing ones really play out in the wild first.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, Robert man. If you wanted to Chime in or just chat talk shop theorize or put pen to paper around provider incentives and building those out. That would be really cool. our kind of Dream would to be able to create something similar to a defy pool. Let's just say osmosis right, where someone who has a particular, incense type GPU, whatever it is that we want to incentivize can put that up on chain and say, Look, I will pledge this amount of compute and it'll be, let's say on a bonding curve to say, I want to pledge this

Cheng Wang: instance for 90 days, or obviously, the longer period duration, you pledge it for and keeping a line for them. More rewards. You earn a crew over that peer time and to be able to. So that's number one like having that UI. And you're not talking a little bit, just kind of talking through it having that UI and the ability to do. So, technically will be really important. Number two is, How do we kind of design a bonding curve? What type of incentives? How do we scale it? Of course, these are all, best guesses and we'll just have to go with what we'll start small and scale up from there, but then thirdly is going to be How do we verify right class with the resources they're putting on is real, right? And so, we don't want people to come into the system and for ultimately claim rewards from the network, when they're not putting up the supply, that they say, they will

Robert Koschig: Yeah. I mean that sounds really deep already quite impressed that the whole fly you are here.

Cheng Wang: Yeah.

Robert Koschig: Because yeah, that was actually the direction I was looking for seems like you already have good understanding on, The different kind of supply side groups that you have and then how can, go and Spin up some the bonding curve model, that sounds quite interesting. It sounds somewhat similar to what graph is doing with, the signaling. And then, if you do it early that the guy who provides the needed CPU GPU type earliest gets a little bit more and then as you approach kind of the demand healing, you get less. But yeah that's for Something, I mean lost to chat but also I can see that's quite some, modeling and thinking and then eventually also implementing that you guys need to do.

00:25:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, it's a lot. I mean, one of the reasons why when I don't know if economics is just not as sexy of a topic for people not like us, but one of the reasons why I think few people delve into it is just because so it's so nuanced and so many things unpack and there's no one right way to do First engineering, I feel like it's a little bit more cut and dry either. You have the feature, you don't. I know, I'm just kind of

Cheng Wang: generalizing quite a bit here. But So I mean those things we all have internal discussions as well as some working documents drafts, ideations floating around. But once it gets a little bit more clarity especially with the close in terms of action items, right, that the community can expect with the conclusion of the testnet, we'll be able to go back review the information how many experiences we have so that we act context edition in addition to the analytics and information we draw from there. Look at the incentives, talk to, Most importantly to providers who are ready on testnet and who will to mainly become providers on the main net to see what their economics look like, And then from that, we begin to build a far more robust map, understanding of, where our incentives need to be. And what their expectations are so that those two things are dramatically out of line with one another, right?

Cheng Wang: Going to make sure those two things are aligned in order to make the network successful. So those are the next steps Testnet. Assess the information reconcile, what the information tells us versus what our internal kind of theorizing has been and go to market, essentially, with a lightweight version of What's mainnet incentives, will be and initially, that'll be done. Probably quite manually, We don't want to over engineer and build a system that isn't tuned to what we need right at scale. Because when we first launch, it'll be a smaller number providers, and certainly not at the massive scale. We ultimately want to be at

Scott Hewitson: Hey Robert. I got a quick question for you. you talk about you guys say you guys focus a lot on tokenomics. Obviously love all the stuff you're putting in discussions. Really? Appreciate all the work you're doing. has your team done, any modeling and simulation and more. Specifically have you ever heard of Cat Cad

Robert Koschig: yeah, I mean that's kind of like one part of my bread and butter when I'm not researching a part of my drop of one cakes and also portfolio support where I'm, a lot with the token engineering community where it typically at one point for the more complex models, boils down to talks in tokus bars cat. All these different approaches Of yet to model things through, right? I mean I agree with Cheng's take of you can do these things but ideally you already have some scope so you don't just put out nice charts with it can be anything.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Robert Koschig: So yeah, long story short, for sure that's some things I do for various.

Robert Koschig: Example is another completely different area, where we do simulations and stuff?

Scott Hewitson: That's awesome.

Cheng Wang: That's interesting. That's really cool.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, this is so I've played around a little bit with cadcat. I'm not a coder by any means. I'm like Level One. Spanish and Python that's what I say. So I played around a little bit but yeah. if you have more expertise in it if you

Scott Hewitson: if you're willing or you're interested and can actually do it a lot better than us and we can give you good inputs, there might be a good opportunity for community at large to get some Good work out of it.

Cheng Wang: This is really cool.

Robert Koschig: So, I mean, for sure, happy to take a look. There's, but then also, right, I'm not sure if you ever poked into the Token Engineering or Token Academy, a community, because that's really big one. I mean, all these cat gets study groups and a lot of people that learn, how to do these Modelings, and then often there's, certain protocols even. I mean Hackathon style. why they're giving them kind of research tasks to apply those and…

00:30:00

Scott Hewitson: Okay.

Robert Koschig: then there's even all the other way of the spectrum, kind of like the fully educated people that you can just reach out and say you look you want to help us out. But before jumping there for sure can happy to exchange with you on, where you guys are. And we could use some support

Cheng Wang: and in that vein I think our head of community was Adam, Wozney is on as well. we have been planning and for some time A HACKATHON following minutes launch rate. Really bringing it. Hopefully a lot more activity and utility and just usefulness to the network. And I think one of the areas we could do, that's not kind of on chain, Is to have I think some of this modeling work, ideation done a lot of this will be thought, experimentation to be sure because the foundational data is all guesswork at this point, All assumptions. If we have a hundred variables like 98 of those variables or assumptions at this particular moment in time, But I think it might be interesting to engage community, incentivize that type of, I think, Thinking as well. So that'll be cool. we can think about that, too. I'm not sure if you're

Cheng Wang: Tuning in, while the thing you're in on the other side of the world my mistaken on timing, but yeah.

Adam Wozney: That? No, I'm still in us time. Yeah So earlier This year we put together a governance proposal to put together first kind of community-owned. HACKATHON. And it's been kind of in the works where we have four different community members, alongside myself, kind of organizing what this HACKATHON looks like. Tbd on what the tracks are and the exact timing, we're actually debating training into two hackathons, kind of one pre-made knit and one post mainnet. But that's kind of where the HACKATHON lands right now, but a lot of it's under construction.

Scott Hewitson: Right small call turned into some good conversation. Andrew. What's up?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, hey guys, so can you just refresh my memory? That's overclock labs up, works or plan to work on Fiat to crypto breach for the console

Cheng Wang: So the short direct answer is absolutely so It has to happen in steps. Right? So first of course Akt network is stable usable etc. Two will be introducing, stable payments, right? And the requisite, take rates. That's And the third and last step as far as payment and settlement rails will be fiat on and off ramps, Because ultimately not everyone has access to crypto and everyone however, does have access, but sensibly to credit card So in that vein, that'll be kind of the last wrong. In terms of the payment capabilities, of course. There's a lot of supporting components to that have to go in as well, right? That we have to think of

Cheng Wang: alongside integrating that, So for example, we couldn't just introduce table payments. Without the take rate, those two things had to go and go and coinciding together, right? Because you don't want to do something that decreases the utility of the token without, creating value to the network. So, that's always balance that we have to strike. but to answer your question, directly the fiat on ramp and all friends side of things for, Tenants and providers are 100% on the roadmap that we want to get build. And those discussions have already been happening. And we've been talking to some folks in the community to get it done. And so, it depends on the nuances here is about How do we build a user experience, and what kind of users experience we ultimately want. So, what I mean by that is, Do we want custodial versus nonica still right for Akash Network console, the ideal there, I think is habit to be a completely non

Cheng Wang: Your experience and have a truly, kind of Web 3 Ask, you want to create an account and all that kind of stuff. Ideally And then you have potential folks like cloud most or, maybe we might create ourselves a prototype, right where you kind of log in, you create an account and it makes the experience a lot more streamlined. Because, on custodial experience We all do crypto stuff, right? You have to set up your own wall of your own ledger manage, your own private keys, etc. The cognitive load The security is very unforgiving. If you make an error or you lose something, you can't recover an account, right? And for enterprises and for, the kind of regular

00:35:00

Cheng Wang: Non-crypto user. Let's just say, If we want to really shoot for mainstream adoption which, of course, we do all those things need to be solved. And I think to solve particular the problems a custodial UX would probably be But for a caution network console, I think the non-coil path is what will probably go down as the first iteration. But of course, things to change, that's just kind of initial thinking is that help answer Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, definitely. Thanks.

Cheng Wang: You are Luna.

Scott Hewitson: Nice.

Cheng Wang: That is Very cool. hell yeah. Where's the best place in Luna is it just on discord?

Cheng Wang: Are you in the SIG economics? I think. Economics discord.

Cheng Wang: Experiment.

Scott Hewitson: that's,

Cheng Wang: Very cool. Do join sake Economics. there's only five messages. It's so sad. Come in and…

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: we can chat there.

Scott Hewitson: Anyone who wants to join the conversation?

Cheng Wang: Please.

Scott Hewitson: We can keep it going there. So, we want to wait a month at a time.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, let me grab the link.

Scott Hewitson: All with that. yeah, another question.

Scott Hewitson: Does anyone else have any other questions or comments or anything, they'd like to bring up to the group?

Scott Hewitson: Nope.

Scott Hewitson: It's like some awesome work there. alright, I think we're gonna end the call but I really appreciate the conversation and those that joined

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hi everyone.

Robert Koschig: You,…

Cheng Wang: Thanks everyone.

Robert Koschig: bye. Thanks.

Meeting ended after 00:37:45
