
---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #7"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-7"
date: 
contributors:

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Tyler Wright


---

# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #7

## Agenda

* Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
* Discussion of Community Pool and Inflation Proposal that passed on mintscan [here](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/211).
* Open Discussion with the community.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, August 2, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording]
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Andrew Gnatyuk
- Anil Murty
- Boz Menzalji
- Cheng Wang
- Damir Simpovic
- Julius Haus
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Tyler Wright


## Notes

- Cheng talked about the proposal that recently passed. This proposal is proposal 211 https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/211. Cheng asked if anyone had any questions.
- The community pool tax will be raised to 25% and inflation min raised to 8% to grow the community pool and ensure it is properly funded for provider and deployer incentives.
- Mainnet upgrade is coming up and take pay and stable payments will be up and running.
- Core team is working on a visualization for helping people understanding how AKT 2.0 will affect the AKT token.
- Cheng wanted to make sure that multi currency support will not in any way shape of form deterioate the utility of AKT. Any added currencies will have a take rate associated with it.
- Take rate will feeed into incentive pools, for bootstrapping the network, free trials, etc.
- Take rate is also going to the security budget of AKT. Another part of securing the blockchain comes from the take rate.
- Andrew asked if users can see stats on mintscan to see the stats for the pools. Cheng said that this will be all on chain, simnilar to Osmosis.
- Andrew asked about USDC. Cheng mentioned that the route to get USDC is hard right now. In the future, it will get better.
- New currencies will be added after the mainnet upgade. Two governance proposals will have to be submitted and voted on. The two currencies will be USDT via Kava. IST will be the second currency.
- Julius asks what happens if one of the underlying Assets of IST depegs? Cheng says that it is up to IST.
- The asset will not be stable anymore, but this was not change the Akash Marketplace.
- As the network grows, the need to deliniate use paths for pools needs to be developed. Right now, a catch all in the community pool is just fine.
- Andrew asked if there will be a governance proposal for all new pools being developed. Cheng says "100 percemt". Unless there is a genesis proposal that are automated, anything new will be a new proposal voted on by the community.
- Cheng talked about a rough idea that is kind of like creating an order book. This will allow tenants and providers to request resources and alottment for all.



### Notable Questions (Paraphrased)

- Andrew asked if the 8% minimum is going to decrease over time? Cheng said that there is no plan to change this. The primary reason for the proposal was to increase community pool tax from 10% to 25%. If there are requests to change inflation percentage, then they will have to go up for a vote. There are a number of hypothetical scenarios that can affect inflation.

- Andrew asked about the acquistion of Cloudmos. If the community does not want to support giving 200k to Overclock Labs, what then? Cheng mentioned that the proposal went on discussions so that the community can give feedback. If there are concerns, Overclock Labs will try to solve for those concerns.
- Andrew asked about paid features that were coming to Cloudmos. Will these paid features be coming to the new strategy. There are some examples of paid services for both providers and tenants, but these items have not been fully fledged out yet. The focus right now is on adoption and user experience to get users engaging with the Akash Network as often as possible.

### Action Items

- Share graphic to visualize future of AKT token.
- Please feel to contribute about order book on Akash
- Share a PRD about additional pools to come from tax and take rate. 
- All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody. To SIG, Economics, monthly meeting number seven again. Huey's out today. So I'm going to be doing my best Huey impression with a great deal of support from Cheng and many others who are regular attendees to this meeting. out of the last dig, economics meeting, I know there was some discussion about take paint stable payments, a Cheng and here we went through and then I know there's some open discussions where folks like Robert and some others, ask some questions where they got some clarity from the community. Since then, I know that there's been some discussions around the community pool and then there's also been a proposal that went on chain and successfully passed. but again, I happy to pass over to Cheng. If he has any agenda items, I'll just be taking notes in the background.

Cheng Wang: Thank wonderful, coverage and intro, as always. and please give yourself more credit a lot more than just the background of the reason why these things run and run shout out and kudos to you In terms of Sega economics. I just definitely want to start with the proposal that was recently passed. I think it was to 11 and that was Two, parameters changes. One is to increase the community pool tax from 10% to 25% and an partially offsetting change, right? Which is increasing the inflation, men from five percent to eight percent. So I mean, the proposal I think is outline and had some, I put in just kind of rough.

Cheng Wang: Estimate of what one year out, what things will look like as far as a token balances in the community pool, what it means to stakers, I'm an impact to potentially validators as well, right? So the increase in an inflation. Men from five to eight percent is meant to partially offset or I think in mostly if not more than offsets the increased community pool tax, Which we definitely need to fund the economics 2.0 and everything that's going to come with the new main it upgrade once GPUs our live and running. I'll put a pin in that for a moment. Does anybody here have any particular questions with regards to that proposal? Which has passed? question thoughts comments concerns fire away? Thank you for Lincoln Tech.

Cheng Wang: Kid a few seconds, don't be Open Forum, we can discuss whatever you like on this topic and others. If not we'll definitely move forward. So with the mainnet upgrade coming up which hopefully will be very very soon in a week or two take pay as well as the first iteration of stable payments will be live and running. Is there any particular questions as far as how that works? I know there was some concerned, I think one question brought up in the community regarding the kind of utility of Akt and how that would all

Cheng Wang: Weave in Together with Stable Payments, If the payment mechanism is not a KT directly, we are currently working on a visualization and probably will be sharing in a Twitter thread and maybe linking it somewhere just for posterity and people to access to ensure that there's ultra clear clarity on exactly how the utility vacating will be Not just maintained but really enhance with AKC 2.0 and stable payment introduction will not take away from that whatsoever. Is there any particular questions or concerns around this?

Cheng Wang: once going twice, okay, going thrice and we're sold. All right, so I'll just leave that topic there for the time being I think everyone here is probably very well versed. And in terms of those who might be listening to, this particular call afterward to read transcript. Just want to make triple shore that the introduction of any non-stable currency with regards. The multi-currency support for Akt payment, settling settlement, etc will not In any way, shape, or form.

Cheng Wang: I guess deteriorate the utility of Akt simply by virtue and will not simply, but by virtue and specifically through the take rate, So any currency that will be introduced to Akash network within the source iteration, It'll be hassler usdc via osmosis and any subsequent added currencies will have a take rate associated with it and this take rate simply means you put in a hundred usdc as a tenant that hundred usdc and if you were paying an Akt, right goes completely to the provider, one for one, in the new take Ray mechanism, if you paid an Akt you put in a hundred dollars worth of eight KT, 98 dollars with a K to come out, there's two percent a tiny bit of feed that goes back into the community pool in general, right. And I'll use the community pool currently as a placeholder because that's the mechanism we have now. And that's what we'll continue to lean on until we can work on in flesh out.

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: The IDP, which is the Incentive distribution pool and its subsequent accounts or pools. Right. Underneath it that are Dell dedicated to specific.

Cheng Wang: Specific use cases. And so if you take example of Akt, 100 comes in 98, goes out. And if you take into example, the USCC a hundred goes in 80 comes out right on the other end. And so this 20 dollars worth of USC. In $100 example, we'll feed back into the community pool and be used for various different things, one of which is going to be provider and tenant incentives, To really bootstrap network, Get people going right? Because that is really important, To think about it, as if you were to use any SAS product out there. Often, these products have free trials. The free trials are inherently free for the end user, but not free for the service provider in this case would be a caution network broadly, And it's participants. So those costs have to be taken to account and the take grade will feed into incentive pools that can be used to subsidize to make some of those things more accessible. And, try a free trials of possibility, in addition to making things more

Cheng Wang: Credit potentially right to really get people Adopting, it using a giving us feedback. All that stuff is critical to the loop of making the product really better and continue to build, not just usage and utility but also enhancements

Cheng Wang: So that's really one of the big areas And the second big area where the take rate is going, is to the security budget where Greg has broadly called the security budget of Akt, right? That just simply means That's exactly what's taking rewards are, right? Users have to be incentivized through some sort of mechanism financially to state the token in order to secure the network. And so another part of securing the blockchain here is, part of that cost or part of that additional ad. If you will, to the security budget comes from part of that take rate, can then be taken out and distributed to stakers of the token access via governance, right. And so those are two really key components to economics 2.0 that will feed into the utility AT&T. And, of course, more money in the community pool, means we can do the stuff we've been working on for years with Max and his team right with Cloud most with prayer and their team and a slew of others, right to really build features and en

Cheng Wang: And different products on a caution network that makes it just better and more usable for everyone so it's ultimately completely accretive and creating this kind of, exothermic flywheel for the network. And that's how the kind of everything fits together at a high level, but again, we're putting out a little bit of a graphic to illustrate. That particular point that introduced the introduction of any particular currency that isn't Akt will not take away from the utility of Akash network or Okt specifically. I'll pause there. Any questions comments on that one? That's concerns.

Cheng Wang: Fire away, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so just one question. we'll be able to see, some kind of stats on minskan, for different community pools Because after the takeaway fees, we will have a kitty community pool and use DC Community pool, right basically. So we will be able to see that stats like this statistics.

Cheng Wang: Hundred percent. it'll be all on chain. So right now,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay.

Cheng Wang: if you were to look, I think into the osmosis community pool, you'll see community pool and then different currencies that sit in that pool. It'll be the same with Condensed yet you'll be able to see it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, and Yeah, and one more question for we are implementing the usdc. Basically, if a tenant wants to pay, we use the C. It has to have it on the Akash like we are ABC, right? And their Okay.

Cheng Wang: That's That's right. Yeah. So that part is a little challenging in that the route you have to take to get Until Usdc is supported natively, the route is a little bit. Convoluted because you'd have to acquire you usdc basically in, osmosis right and then route that over And that'll be the IBC route, right? So you get absolute usdc on Osmosis and you route that over to Akash Network and that's the USCC that you use.

Cheng Wang: Because a little bit,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: You got it, thanks.

Cheng Wang: it's a little bit murky, but that's the current implementation and I promise that we'll get better with time.

00:10:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay, I got it. Thanks.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, you got it and so that's a great segue over to additional currencies that will be supported. So once may not upgrade goes live, we're currently testing. Of course a take panel to all the currency is right now. Internally amongst other with some insiders that are, technically capable and also get kicking the tires there. Once it's live, we will be putting forward to governance report, I guess one government proposal adding to separate currency. I guess we should segmented into two, just to make it really clean and clear. The two currencies will be usdt.

Cheng Wang: Via comma which is I don't know if you guys saw but usdt is natively supported on kava So is really the first natively supported stable coin, right? You can hear him say coin within Cosmos at this point in time. So the first gov problem will be usdt via kava and that, you don't have to go through any bridges, it'll just naturally go through, the common mechanism and obviously there's an IVC enabled, so it'll all come through there. So that's just another currency a cleaner way of potentially, right for people to use usdt, to pay for compute, and of course, subtle and compute. The second of course, a Cosmos newcomer is not the project itself, but the currency itself is t. And I see I think is really interesting and compelling in that. It can be of course minted, natively within Cosmos, right with a gorg. And I think it potentially asterisk or I will see where things go function as a bit of a rose.

Cheng Wang: Stone within the Cosmos community for different stable currencies. In other words, you can deposit died usdt usdc. I think Adam was just enabled into a vault and mint ist which is a stable coin backed by the four currencies I mentioned and that's able coin can be used to pay and subtle ultimately in a caution network.

Cheng Wang: And the good thing about it, and when I say Rosetta Stone, what I mean is, if you use ist to pay as a provider, if you extract ist out, you can turn it into any of those particular, four currencies, right? It's up to you what you want to use and on the other side, if you have, another stable coin or you have Adam whatever it is. Right? You can easily swap into ISC or simply mint it to get the currency that you need. So it does make Potentially a pure non-custodial Web 3 experience a little bit easier once you get into Cosmos and playing around within those bullish Getting those two governments proposals up and running after maynet is live and hopefully getting your support and getting those past and more currency support and multi-currency scheme, the better ultimately

Cheng Wang: All right, so that is this bit any particular Thoughts on this?

Cheng Wang: All right, going once twice the rice we are sold. I did last item is on my agenda, at least. And force or two more things. Excuse me. That will open it up. Kind of someone has a question.

Julius Haus: and just a very basic question about the Stable coin.

Cheng Wang: That's a really good question man.

Julius Haus: What happens if one underlying toy and token DPX?

Cheng Wang: A year ago, I would say Deepak. You're crazy Julius that'll never happen. And then, I don't want your letter and we've had a whole suit of defects and Raise crying face all over. I'm traumatized by. No, you guys are crazy. That doesn't happen. So I did that's up to the mechanism of ist itself. I can't say I have read up very thoroughly on how they maintain the peg and it's got to be over collateralized, So at this point in time, even a hundred percent collateralization as we've seen with, usdc isn't collateralization anymore, because what, if you're collateral Falls under the hundred percent value of whatever that currency is. So it's really up to the IST mechanism there. But hypothetically speaking, the way I can think about is same as usdc. what if you sdc debugs right again? And so if you sdc pegs and

Cheng Wang: that would be interesting. So if you were to have a lease in the lease was worth a certain amount, it's similar to then it no longer becomes a stable currency, becomes kind of all volatile asset. So from the perspective of the tenant and the provider, it's as if you're paying with something like So, if you deposit Akt, and you have that lease and the Akt value increases As a tenant, you're essentially paying more than what you've originally technically agreed to in the lease, right? The dollar value and in your head and the provider will be getting the same amount of Akt but the ATV rewards more. So, similarly, it wouldn't happen to say in this Deepak, but I guess, technically, if the pag were to go above the one dollar value, a dollar one cent, then you're technically paying more as a tenant. So if you deposit a hundred usdc suddenly the hundred usdc is worth a hundred and one dollars and then the 10 would get the proportionate amount Their take great less to take great, right?

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: if it depends below a dollar, which is the more likely scenario given just history, If that were to happen, the 100 USD see that you deposited into esc Presumably the provider would be getting a hundred usdc, but Instead of $100 it's worth eighty dollars, right? Or ninety dollars or some number below 100. So the experience, it would essentially just turn it into a little asset instead of a stable asset for settlement and payment and purposes, which is Defeats the purpose of, stable, but It's definitely not like a issue within a cosh network itself. It's obviously up to the currency but that's kind of how we function. It wouldn't necessarily.

Cheng Wang: Change how things would function, but it definitely change the economics right of you. Where if you were paying him, stable currency, you don't have to worry about what you paid for changing to what it ultimately ends up being when it's settles. But if a d-pegs You have that volatility to contend with, so there is that consideration for sure. I know it's not like a whole flat that helps answer your question, Julius.

Julius Haus: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: The term Robert also went up on indeed. Yeah, so that's great question. Julius, please keep them coming. I'll answer them as best I can. From a functional practical perspective and if not we'll say don't know, we have to look into it.

Cheng Wang: one of the segways that I had earlier, was Ruth regards to the community pool. As I mentioned everything, take rate, the community tax, all that stuff is going to go into the community pool, which is fine for the time being because we anticipate the take rate to be fairly small and number to begin with their specially as we, start to scale before we scale out the network, And get more and more adoption But as that grows the need to clearly del use paths right for each particular, I guess Bucket is going to become more important and some of the buckets that Greg had hypothetically, outlined an original Akt posted He put up in discussions were, for example, for security budget as one dedicated bucket for

Cheng Wang: Developer Pool as another dedicated bucket. Etc. And so community pool being one of those buckets. And so going forward, we'll drop currently. it's in draft form and PRT for developing those subsequent IDP pools or buckets, right? Over accounts, I guess you can refer to them as

Cheng Wang: And so that's something that will have to go into production at some point in time. But we'll push out the PRD. And have, why discussions in this group among others, in this court and stuff like that if people are interested, it's literally just clear accounting and more delineate, clear? Abileneation of funds as far as hey, we want to use these funds these funds that are sent in this bucket will be used for this purpose. Only this buck could be that purpose only and that I think matters a lot more when there's greater scale and numbers that we're dealing with. But in the near future I think having a catch all within a community pool is just fine unless someone disagrees but something on the horizon that we have kind of on the background right now. Not necessarily urgently thinking about, but we have put thought behind and would love to engage the community for further discussion and of course development. It's questions on sub accounts and pools.

Cheng Wang: Once twice sold. All right, last about Andrew snuck in over it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes, yes. Nevertheless. So you will have lots of this distribution pools, we still will have governance proposals on each full separate, right?

Cheng Wang: Hundred percent. Yeah, so everything will be governed proposal. There won't be the only time where there's not something that won't require continuous governance proposal. If hypothetically the governor's proposal let's say there's a Genesis original proposal that says All funds going into this pool Automatically used to do this, some action like that. That's predefined by the community in the entire community agrees. Then that operation will be,…

00:20:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep.

Cheng Wang: continuously running. But this position of funds from any of those pools that isn't already automated via a previous governance for Be independent proposals. Everything will be on chain and the community's consensus.

Cheng Wang: Yep, you got it. All right, the last bit that I'll touch base on is for opening. It up is going to be something of really rough early. Ideation hasn't really been fully fleshed out yet but currently the way you think about a caution networks compute right now it's all basically spot compute, right? So if you think about it from the experience that you all have we all have with regards to exchanges and dexes, right? So there's a price, you execute the compute at that price if it exists out there as far as what the provider has you, Can make a match and off you go, your work. Glue goes, if you don't you'll have to wait at some point in time. You can't necessarily have an order out there sitting out there lingering for too long, right?

Cheng Wang: What we would ultimately like to build an introduce to the community is the thought of creating kind of an order book mechanism to borrow a term from finance from trading platforms exchanges is to create a sort of order book where if you have a particular workload that you want to run, you can have this thing out there, And if you don't find the lease out there, or the request for resources out there, and if you don't find the provider that you need or want, it can still linger in this kind of state where it's like, Hey, I want this workload fulfilled, I'm waiting for provider to come in and bid, Similarly, a provider can say, I can spin up these resources. I don't want to spend them up right now, or I haven't spun them up, and I just have them in the background but I can spin them up in some period of time if someone requests it, So it's really a two-way thing to. So you have a bid and an ask in this case, That the two sides in the marketplace, it's going to be 10 and provider resources.

Cheng Wang: so, that's I think a really rich and heavy feature that we're thinking about to make really the network function more smoothly and for us as the, biggest participants in the network and just market participants in general to be able to come in and say, Look at

Cheng Wang: What's out there and say, wow, these are all the resources that can be brought on to the network, but just aren't on right, for whatever reason. but they can be requested. and I think that's really powerful because right now, what happens in some cases, Where people come in and say, I need x, they don't see They go away. And, we lose that potential user, but they say I need x and they go and they say, wow, x does exist. It's just not online right now, that could potentially create ways for them to request. that'll bring in more providers and providers who aren't online necessarily can put their resources up for, request, right? So that can create a lot more of a dynamic, back and forth and make the market. I think help the market grow quite a bit, so that kind of order book mechanism is something. we will be ideating. And we have been a little bit lightly, but we'll put a little bit more mustard behind it. If anyone has any interest or thought,

Cheng Wang: To participate in this discussion please do raise your Hit us up on working group, Akt 2.0 or Sega economics and on discord and I'll be more than happy to chat with you. Or we can just talk here a little bit.

Cheng Wang: That's all I got. For the agenda items in my chambers.

Tyler Wright: Thank you ng. I know that as a part of the SIG economics, we lead time for opening discussion, open questions. I know that Cheng we're up a number of interesting topics where people have been asking questions throughout. Does anyone have any questions about Internet, Cheng's brought up? Or does anyone have any other questions unrelated to anything and want to bring up now? Go ahead, Andrew, take it away.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Into minimum for 8% and are this 8% going to stay for four years. Something or is going to decrease at some point of time. Right.

Cheng Wang: Not entirely sure yet. so the increase of the inflation is really to help help keep the status quo. So keep things stable. We don't want to rock the boat and change too many things, Because we wanted to increase the community pool funding from 10 to 25%. That was the primary reason for this proposal right in terms of doing that we would introduce What will end up happening, is a staking rewards would decrease pretty dramatically right relative to where they are now for stake, as well as for validators. So that would change the economics in the A little bit, especially for running validators, and for course, keeping security of the network,

00:25:00

Cheng Wang: in the forefront, Because we need to keep a certain staking ratio for security of the network so there and in order to offset that inflation was nudged up, slightly from five to eight as far as where it will stay. We'll have to see what the situation evolves with. Of course if they're subsequent governance proposal changes requests it'll all be done through governance the rationale will be thoroughly explain at that point in time. I can't foretell the future Unfortunately and say what things may look like. So hypothetically, In a scenario use case where usage balloons and just explodes, right?

Cheng Wang: And take rate is just filling up the community pool left, right and center and the fund is extremely flush and it's just filling up more faster than we can even conceive of using it and responsible ways in that case, A part of that can be diverted to security and inflation might be reduced, right? Because there's a lot more funds from other sources that are being used. but I can also see a condition where it can't be increased as well. if we need to increase, for example, the community pool funding further. Because there's all these initiatives that are coming up that are really rich and important For the Akash network to build, we need to increase the funding there. And if we increase the community tax further, it'll further but up again, potential security budgets, So I can see a case where inflation might have to be nice little bit at some point. in the future. But those are just hypothetical scenarios. I don't know how it's actually going to shake out which is why we need a

Cheng Wang: These sal really small change, Just to see kind of where things shake out, where the community pool is going to go. And the biggest reasons for us, increasing the funding for the community pool is to fund initiatives. as mentioned in proposal language, right for the player incentives, as well as providers incentives. Those being the two primary things to help bootstrap the network.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Got it, thanks.

Tyler Wright: Going to check. Are there any other questions related to SIG economics or economics 2.0? Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So it's not related to the six SIG economics, right now it's more related to the acquiring of Cloud Mods and they're the hot topic yesterday. So just a few questions, one hypothetical. So let's assume hypothetically that Community would not. approve, the acquiring and would not want to give to 200k from the community pool to the Overclock Labs for violence, the cloud North What's the worst case scenario offset.

Cheng Wang: Great question. I think number one. we would have to understand exactly what the community pushed back is, So if we put it up for governance within the next day or so and the community said, No we don't want to do this, we would want to. That's one of the reasons why we put it up and get out discussions. First and foremost is to gather that kind of feedback, And so, if we put it up on governance and people see it and say, we don't like this for XYZ particularly reasons we can go back and address those particular reasons, To ensure that situation is at quickly addressed and hopefully concerns are our swaged The big thing here. I think is to know. I don't foresee that really happening. But in that hypothetical scenario will work of course with the community to resolve that and get this done because ultimately it's us as well as team, I think Max.

Cheng Wang: On the call, this is something we both want to do. And we ultimately think it benefits the community, There's no world where this doesn't benefit a caution network, and the community in general. So I can't see why this wouldn't be passed, And just, it's really outline. The benefits here in terms of the acquisition, like a cosh, Overclock Labs won't hold any particular IP pay products, Whatever the case may be, right? Everything is going to be open source and there's a lot of work and effort that has to go behind that. Right? And so Overclock labs, putting in 100kt out of, it's coffers in order to it's really a subsidy to the community in that effort, Because we have to spend our very own capital, and effort and working with the cloud, most team to do that in the cloud. Most team has to, reciprocate and also spend that time and effort in order to open source everything, right? And so that's just one layer of open sourcing.

00:30:00

Cheng Wang: Second layer is the operational management of taking a cloud-nose deploy as well as a caution akash console, looking at the two code bases. though there are similarities, they're still inherently different right in terms of sharing And sharing things as much as possible to where we don't build redundant things, To where one feature, hopefully can be core and central to both and use them both cloud most employee as well as Akash Console.

Cheng Wang: So there's a lot of I'll call harmonizing effort that has a cost to it that has to be done. And ultimately those two things being woven in together and being homogenized, right? And I think Max, you're on a call. Please feel free to chime in be more tech former technical than I am, but those two things are huge quality of life improvements for most team as well as UCL team which is now Cloud nose xmcl. We're all like one family at this point in time, that'll make our development effort Max out. It's okay. I can just speak to us best I can it'll make the development effort, a lot smoother, It'll make development a lot faster and What does that? Ultimately mean, if we develop smoother and faster, we can push down a roadmap more quickly, we can make features happen more quickly and ultimately, that benefits the community because the better deploy tool better deploy experience you acts and UI and be able to fork down the road and parallel address. Both kind of Web 3 and Web 2 path.

Cheng Wang: At the same time, between cloud, most and cost console is going to be hugely beneficial to the network in general. And what does that mean directly if you think about additional additional, take rate that all feeds back into the community and will replenish the community pool even faster. So, over time I expect this the 200k cost, whatever that will be right to the community pool over a very short span of time. I can see The added benefit of being able to get more utility and more deployments on the network. Via. Take rate will replenish anything spend out of community pool very quickly. I can't say, I mean these are hypotheticals obviously, but that's just kind of my thinking. if you think about the long term and how it ultimately benefits everyone in the community and the community specifically

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, got it.

Cheng Wang: YouTube. Robert.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thanks make sense. As. So,…

Cheng Wang: Thank you, Robert for coming.

Andrew Gnatyuk: one more question so much right to implement in cloud mode. Some paid features it was not probably the best showcase, but still, it was a great idea though, this is a big features for some benefits that you paid. for example, 10 bucks a month and you get some Vap Pass or something like that for the clouds or some membership. is there a plan for overclock to implement this kind of features or…

Cheng Wang: Okay.

Andrew Gnatyuk: or you like

Cheng Wang: I'm not at current.

Cheng Wang: So it hasn't necessarily been discussed at current. So in terms of paid features, the only category of things that I can think of that makes sense. In this case is, let me just give you a very real example, right? I'm not a product person.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. I got.

Cheng Wang: I don't want to speak too much out of turn. I know Anil is on but he dropped off. But hypothetically right let's say a provider comes to us right Akash network O, whatever it is saying Hey we are provider. We have data center with x whatever, right resource, let's just say 300, h100. GPUs that I want to bring on to a class network. But the data center or the person who has these chips, I don't want to manage the provider and cost network because I can't be bothered doing it, All I want is to have these machines up. I want to be paid X amount dollars, whatever the case may be. But I don't want to manage a provider ourselves. Hypothetically OCL could help manage their provider, spit it up and be that kind of middle.

Cheng Wang: and as a service to a would-be provider like that is letting us use the hardware for cost network Which case that would be like a charge service or managed service, right? We could charge the provider in that case. Similarly, if there are really really rich features on the demand side on the 10 inside that are kind of like add-ons or bespoke or something like that, that we could potentially build. That would help specific, cohorts of users, that could potentially be behind some kind of paywall, I don't know what that would look like really, like in practicality and implementation, but ultimately, the idea here is to build the core set of features on a caution network via Cloud mostly console, right?

00:35:00

Cheng Wang: To be as robust and as a parity with kind of web to experiences that you see, in current clouds like AWS. And as To get to that level of primitive, parity. Before these pay features are introduced, Because we don't want to stop kind of take energy out of the system. We want to continue to drive as much energy within a caution network as possible. Right? and ultimately it all comes out to economics. if you don't introduce paid features how you get paid etc. How do you continue funding the number one is, right, take rate and if that gets distributed to talking stakers, oclash network, right? OCL does have a decent treasury and so there's earnings from there that will potentially help to As the network continues to gain more utility token prices increase that gives us the Treasury size to increase. And it gives us the continued ability to fundraise to fuel the company, right? And ultimately

Cheng Wang: All the network.

Cheng Wang: So there are various mechanisms to do that. We don't want to necessarily overstep and introduce paid features too early that will potentially hurt the network. Because we definitely want to see the network grow at scale and we don't want to capture value too early and the best thing kind of old school example. I can give you is Facebook, If you think about how Facebook grew from, just within one university to IVs to universities exclusively, then so the broader world and everyone was making fun of zuck. I mean, Elon still does but I guess, How are you gonna make money? He's like, that's how do you do ads. And, there was a huge consensus at that point in time. People making fun of Facebook, as far as How do How will you make this profitable company, by simply selling attention? And, they pioneer that entire thing and everyone in the world is trying to catch up and still trying to catch up right in that regard. So a story and not necessarily s apples, but of building value accretion before value capture

Cheng Wang: We're still in that accretion phase, in the bear market is kind of allowing us to really build those and focus on building those tools and getting us closer to parity. And the cloud most acquisition is really going to help huge help in space as far as getting us there.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, got it. Thanks

Cheng Wang: Any time.

Tyler Wright: Terrific. Is there any other questions that anybody wants to ask that they haven't asked about anything? Economics related?

Tyler Wright: Again, much appreciate everybody coming out today and joining Monthly, our SIG Economics. Multimed Number Seven, I appreciate Cheng the MVP for Do Again Line Share the work. I'm just a mere point guard his throat and…

Cheng Wang: Magic and…

Tyler Wright: he just scored 100 points, but again.

Cheng Wang: Kareem baby.

Tyler Wright: Yeah Exactly. But again, if anybody has any questions on anything to get economics related, or anybody wants to contribute to any of the stuff, the Cheng was talking about, please feel free to get involved and discord reach out to what the insiders that you are vanguards or again get our joints to economics, the aka Tea 2.0 working group always looking for people that contribute and appreciate everyone's questions There's nothing else. And again, I'll let you all go for the rest of the day and enjoy the rest of the day. Cool.

Cheng Wang: Thank you, everyone. Great questions.

Tyler Wright: Thank you all.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay. Thanks for that says,…

Tyler Wright: Yes, thank you. Everybody.

Andrew Gnatyuk: bye guys. Have a nice day.

Cheng Wang: Thanks to course, I

Tyler Wright: Yeah.

Meeting ended after 00:40:45 👋

