---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #11"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-11"
date: 2023-12-06T18:00:00Z
contributors:


- Cheng Wang
- Dimokus
- Mariela Tanchez
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

---

# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #11

## Agenda

* Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
* Open up to community for ideas or concerns.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, December 1, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://czik4rsznmpaxems7ffmui4fiaar7waib6gtwy5jt4pptosygpla.arweave.net/FlCuRllrHguRkvlKyiOFQAEf2AgPjTtjqZ8e-bpYM9Y)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Cheng Wang
- Dimokus
- Mariela Tanchez
- Max
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Notes

**Introduction and Updates**
- Scott initiated the meeting, gave a recap of meeting #10 and any outstanding items in discussions or on-chain items related to sig-economics.

**Discussion on Provider Incentives**
- Cheng highlights internal progress in developing provider incentives, focusing on key aspects such as the size of the incentive, its duration, and specific targets, despite limited public developments.
- A potential pilot campaign is being discussed to gather data and inform future strategies, with a debate over starting small (around $100K for 30-60 days) versus launching with a larger pool (potentially $1 million) to ensure sufficient participation and rapid progress on the demand side.
- The current inclination is towards a larger incentive pool to attract premium tenants and providers, with a 60-day duration deemed optimal. The initial focus will be on high-performance chips, with future incentives adjusted based on the pilot's findings.

**Exploring Token Engineering and Simulations**
- Scott suggests involving token engineering communities for simulations and scenario planning in token distribution. Although not an expert himself, he sees value in using bounty funds to hire someone skilled in this area for better understanding and planning.
- Cheng agrees with the idea, emphasizing the importance of sharing the outcomes publicly if community funds are used. He suggests modeling various scenarios, like token distribution and its impact, to engineer positive behavior among providers and avoid market dumping.
- Robert Koschig, a practitioner in the field, offers to introduce experts, and they agree to discuss further details, offline.

**Further Discussions and Closing Remarks**
- Cheng describes the thorough validation and testing of tenants, ensuring demand is met before launching provider incentives. He mentions overcoming old system limiters and preparing to meet the increasing demand for resources, particularly GPUs, to support potential pilots and applications.
- Cheng highlights the network's commitment to openness and transparency, contrasting it with other projects that rely on hype. He suggests a challenge to other projects to disclose their actual utilization and deployments, emphasizing their practice of openly sharing statistics and real usage data.

### Action Items

- Scott will contact Robert Koschig to learn more about token engineering and all the work he is doing in the space.
- All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

## Transcript

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

Scott Hewitson: All right everybody. This is the 11th. I think economics call. last month, we talked a little bit about provider incentives went through, kind of the chat and Discord if there's anything that was going on in there since our last call from a proposal side the community events signaling proposal pass. That was just a text proposal. So it'll be a community spend one for that coming up soon. and yeah, not a ton of

Scott Hewitson: traffic this month or since the last call, but I'll kick it over to Cheng if you want to add any provide any updates on provider and Sinners and mind you after last call he put in a message into Discord and Sig economics where you can read it's all work in progress, but just to see where we're thinking where we're headed. So with that all I'll pass it over to Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Thank you as always so hey everyone welcome in a little bit of a crew today. But hey, it is what it is hard things usually have fewer people wanting to volunteer for it either case in terms of Provider incentives. That's really the big thing that I think has gotten the most progress internally. Though there hadn't been a lot of public progress in terms of pushing the prop live or pushing a discussion. Excuse me live first, right? There was a lot of internal ideation around it. So the initial and I'll kind of appeal the curtains back a little bit to kind of bring people into that discussion and kind of the reasoning behind and one of the big things around the provider incentive discussion was really three or four three hours a characteristics one was size.

Cheng Wang: Of the provider incentive right number two is duration how long we're gonna run it for and number three would be what specifically we want to incentivize So those three things are really really important in terms of the size. I think that's the probably size and durations size probably is the most important thing. The original thought is we're will definitely go with the pilot proposed the pilot around in other words run like a campaign initially to see it's one of the purposes will be to gather data right understand what the engagement looks like understands public response to it and understand ultimately how the

Cheng Wang: How it will perform right and that will help inform subsequent iterations of either another test campaign whatever it is or full-fledged ones and initially these campaigns will all be done manually, right and ultimately we don't want to put anything on chain or write code against it because we quite frankly don't know how they actually should be designed on a go forward basis that can be repeated. again, and initially it'll be a lot of fact finding I haven't done so in terms of the size of the campaign itself

Cheng Wang: There were two schools of thought either go really really small and small here relative terms, I think initially we're thinking 100k or so as far as incentives stretched over a month or two 30 to 60 days, right? And then there's their pros and cons the pros that it's small it's low risk, but the con of it is and I think it's quite a big one, which you won't get a lot of participation right? Because there's the amount of so tiny especially anything about incentive advising potentially a 100 chips. You're not going to get too many. And we've run into so for example the thumper exercise, right that's currently being done in completed is a 50 to 60,000 exercise and that considered small in So if you do a 100 km pool

Cheng Wang: One Thumper comes in or even that one and a half commitment in the entire pool will be exhausted as far as resources. So going small really I think potentially pigeon holes us into a corner that we don't want to be pigeonholed into So you want to have been able to have more on the shelves right for people to come in if we want incentivized demand and the supply, excuse me. The other side of it is Beyond the other side of it is launching with a bigger size.

Cheng Wang: enables us to move more quickly on the demand side and engage with Partners engage with potential cost customers and get them using Akash more quickly. because a lot of the partners that we were currently talking to right now will come in and say hey we want to do something we want to experiment we want to do proof of concept. We're great we walk them through we show them how to set up a wallet. We shouldn't have to use cloud most which has been, absolutely Kick-Ass right? But then they run into the thing how many resources do you need to they're like, we need 40 50 XX whatever it is, right the resource. we currently have a fraction of that. So we definitely want to be able to move quickly because the space moves very quickly. And so if we go too small in the beginning, We don't generate the momentum. We want to generate we don't get the size of Supply that we need and three we might put ourselves behind the eight ball, right because the space moves quickly if we

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Don't act ourselves and be the first movers and leaders in the space that we currently are. Someone will pass Us by right at some point in time. So we definitely want to and essentially hear. If tldr go big or go home, right? So I think the thought process at this point now has been I think rightly tuned towards a much larger pool probably in the million dollar range right pilot for 60 days and incentivizing a group of three probably high medium low-end Data Center Grade gpus right and 100 something like 100 at the high and 80 gigabyte. We wanted to find what the specific parameters are around that and audit It ultimately right be able to see all that stuff and the cloud most imperature guys, like the tools being brought on board. There will be instrumental in helping us validate. A lot of the stuff in addition to other things will have to do

Cheng Wang: that part one and then in the middle tier, I think a6000 or something of that ilk and then in the lower chair, I'm not sure whether it's viewing hundreds P40 something like that t big x-ray whatever the Chip might be so that's number one in terms of Probably in the million dollar range to really get enough Supply onto the network. So that more than one Premiere tenant. Hopefully handful maybe more Premier attendance can really come on and use the network right and really put it through its paces and see the network. Scale number one number two.

Cheng Wang: the duration is probably 60 days 30 likely too short to really get any sort of significant data. And for this thing to kick off, 30 days sounds like a lot but I don't think it's enough. So 60 days is probably going to be The Sweet Spot there and as we get data and information coming through we'll be able to fast follow with a secondary pilot or just a second iteration program focusing on something a bit more specific.

Cheng Wang: Whether it be a higher high-end chip medium and low and whatever the case may be that second tier incentive will be tuned towards one of the learnings or Google learnings that we extract from the initial campaign. so we talked about all three things right like what specifically there's an advising. So that's being hashed out. what should be the three I think the first tier is pretty obvious a 100 80 gigabytes. Probably reason for that is they are the highest performance chips. That are also the most effective level, right? Because if you go at the upper end with h100s sure they're the most performed that are also the most expensive and the hardest to come by because they're the newest or the most demand and also they are

Cheng Wang: There are fewer simply by virtue of having less time on the production line, right and be more complicated complex to manufacture all that stuff. so that's at the high end and one of the open up or pause there for the time being and just sharing, that's a bit of information with everyone here and for imposterity as well

Scott Hewitson: I got a question. So it sounds like the first iteration or…

Cheng Wang: Far away man.

Scott Hewitson: two, it's manual. It's kind of do a big but we're also learning do you? Personally see any value in bringing in there's these token engineering communities and people that do simulations and all sorts of cool stuff. Maybe it wouldn't be as applicable to one of the earlier rounds but I've been thinking, we've got Bounty funds there's tons of mechanisms we can find someone that's good at, the token engineering we can play out different scenarios and run simulations. And I mean, it's not my area of expert I am very interested in it, but I just don't have the time to dive into it. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that.

Cheng Wang: I think it's a great idea to bring people in and people want to volunteer and especially after because we're gonna share all of this data because it's using public funds right the community pool. So the onus is on us to track all this information and ultimately share it right with the community one put it all together collated and share that data will ultimately be presenting on and sharing it across, the internet right so that people can see what's going on there. So I think modeling now what potential different ideas even right and in addition to simulations would be very very interesting. So for example, what we don't want ultimately so distribution for example, right as you distribute token rewards to

00:10:00

Cheng Wang: providers that come and qualify for this program They will either view akt as a specular speculative asset in which they will hold right for whatever duration whatever else or there are some that will just say. Hey, this is a cool thing that I got. I'm going to cash it in right away and sell the tokens, right? so

Cheng Wang: we don't want is a case where you get a bunch of incentives and Alum sum whether it's a per weekly weekly and a monthly basis whatever the case may be right and just end up dumping it into the market. That's one area where we don't want. So one mechanism that we could introduce is a bonding curve right to say hey, if you get these rewards you can choose to extract them the same day and you'll get some number or you can wait a little bit longer and you can get a tiny kicker or something like that right different scenarios. We can definitely model out and think about and that way to essentially engineer Behavior, right? I'm encourage certain types of positive behavior and feedback loops. So that what I mention is by no means a direction we're going but those are important discussions and I think also have so totally agree we should

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Yeah,…

Cheng Wang: engage anyone…

Scott Hewitson: I mean that's a variable that you could put into the simulation.

Cheng Wang: who wants to do that

Scott Hewitson: You can put in inflation you can put in what you think, Community put proposals there's all these variables parameters that you can put into ting this simulations that it's like if we want to add something we can add something so I'll do some.

Cheng Wang: Totally is there anyone here that has that or wants to do something?

Scott Hewitson: I know Robert koschig is familiar with it. I don't know if he's practitioner Robert is here today. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: practitioner

Robert Koschig: Yeah, I mean I am practitioner and I could for sure introduce you to some folks and token engineering the area. It's interested.

Scott Hewitson: That would be great. I think the other thing is I don't know how much it costs to have to commission someone to look into this too. I don't know if it's a couple hundred bucks a couple thousand bucks so that would be very helpful to we can talk offline if you want to DM me or I can DM you in Discord if that's all right.

Robert Koschig: Julia

Scott Hewitson: Okay. appreciate that

Scott Hewitson: I remember talking about it in the past. So that's why I brought it up.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, definitely.

Scott Hewitson: Does anyone have any other comments questions or concerns about anything that Cheng said and if not, we can open it up to general questions concerns, okay.

Cheng Wang: I don't have a question for myself. However, I do have something I do want to share all so is this on GitHub? No, not yet Max. So this is something that we just talked about lightly last time in Discord and in Discord and cigar economics Channel within Discord and just in these particular live and conversations. So not quite yet and we will push this to get help discussions a hundred percent but internally one we hold some out because it's been this kind of pulling and pushing back and forth. Should we do that? There's a little bit and it's just kind of all over the place and naturally We want to be able to think it through very carefully right and do it the right way and inherently, I'm a little bit more conservative and saying let's just do a smaller pool, but then there's when we open up discussion internally. It's like

Cheng Wang: Does going small really achieve what we want to achieve right? Because if you think about when you launch let's say you have a supermarket or clothing store, And there's a grand opening to the store. Do you stop the shelves full of stuff? So then people come in they see they have things to buy that's kind of the idea here. Whereas if you go small you're like, hey soft opening you can only buy one t-shirt and your left sock here. do you really want to go into the store? Right? So

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: here's the reason for we want to be able to stock the shelves with ample amount of gpus that we have high conviction will be used right and do that and at the same time where we want to before we launch the provider incentives one of the reasons why we've been so careful is you don't want to launch incentives prematurely without demand that's been qualified. So now we're getting to the point where okay, we've seen all the training can be done fine-tuning can be done. All the inference stuff can be done right now. We have confidence in all of these things can run and through the thumper exercise. We ran into historical ancient limiters that we had initially put on the system before the network launch because we want to make sure that there wasn't a workload that could break potential. We don't know if it would or wouldn't try but this is four years ago, but through the thumb for exercise we unveiled right we ran into. my God these ancient limiters that we put on in terms of

Cheng Wang: Number of resources that can be requested. I'm sure very well right Max and so Be able to peel that away if we have launch all these incentives and stuff like that and people came in and ran into this issue. what the f*** I can't do what it is I need to do this is terrible, That would be a horrible look so we got to the point where we really feel tested all of these rather use cases and now we are talking to more and more people and they're telling us. Hey, we want to run a pilot but

Cheng Wang: you ain't got enough chips. So we're like hold our beer. We'll be back. we're gonna get those chips. We'll talk to providers A foundry's been Right and we'll incentivize at this point in time. Right caution network has gone to the point. It is now So with incentive now, we will be able to ultimately get a lot more demand and use on the network and just showcase really start to Rev that engine right and push on the RPMs if you will. The other thing I wanted to mention is regarding I guess it's somewhat data-driven is in talking to Partners and talking to just people in the biz if you will in general.

Cheng Wang: One of the things with the cost Network that is absolutely amazing is our openness and building openness and planning openness and coordination our statistics usage again, shout out to Max and the Max's and the Prater team and making all of that possible as far as the stats available and the network a lot more usable and Powerful right having said that of it's interesting because I don't know how you guys are familiar with shooting yours cat, but I feel like it's like schroding or stats for us right by virtue of us having our statistics completely in the open. We can be asked we can't lie. We can't hide behind anything in the The stats are and so as a result people within crypto who's typically have been working and operating on the hype and their projects out there that are deep in space. I don't need a name names right you go out there. You can find stats about them close Source. They don't build any open. You don't know what their usage looks like.

Cheng Wang: All you can rely upon is just hype and your imagination, right and as a result of that people's imaginations run wild in a positive and as well as a negative and when it's overwhelmingly positive it can bring those projects up to whatever Heights they are at despite not having fundamentals to back it up. versus for us we're doing things openly and in the right way, right and having the statistics themselves allow people to I think look at us with a far more fine tooth comb and what I want to really get across in this freaking Soliloquy here is to say

Cheng Wang: it'd be cool to go out there and challenge other projects. what is your actual utilization? How many deployments you got running? what workloads do you have? because we'll show us yours because we show everyone hours. That'll be a cool challenge, I think.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that soliloquy.

Cheng Wang: slash and rant

Scott Hewitson: I think there's a lot of good stuff in there for sure.

Scott Hewitson: So going off of that. Does anyone else have any other comments or concerns can be completely off the topic of Provider incentives, anything anybody wants to talk about the floor is now open.

00:20:00

Scott Hewitson: All if nobody has anything they'd like to say right now and you might think of it, in an hour. So please drop it into Sig economics and Discord. I want to try to keep the conversations going there. And as always appreciate what everybody does and with that. I think I'm gonna end the call any last things.

Scott Hewitson: concern

Robert Del Rey: Thanks Cheng. Stay safe everybody.

Cheng Wang: You see Robert. Thank you. See everybody.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

Zach Horn: Take care.

Cheng Wang: Take care.

Meeting ended after 00:20:48 👋
