---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #12"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-12"
date: 2024-01-10T18:00:00Z
contributors:

- Alani Kuye
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Joao Luna
- Max
- Rahman Abdul
- Red Eyed Bear
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

---



# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #12

## Agenda

* Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
* Updates on provider incentives.
* Open up to community for ideas or concerns.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, January 10, 2023
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://gbxszp7zaubg3dskphdcgwpqkjtz3mb3zgtq46ka2yyzzkfij7na.arweave.net/MG8sv_kFAm2OSnnGI1nwUmedsDvJpw55QNYxnKioT9o)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Alani Kuye
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- B S
- Benjamin B
- Cheng Wang
- Joao Luna
- Max
- Rahman Abdul
- Red Eyed Bear
- Robert Del Rey
- Robert Koschig
- Scott Carruthers
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Notes

**Introduction and Updates**
- Scott initiated the meeting, gave a recap of meeting #11 and any outstanding items in discussions or on-chain items related to sig-economics.

**Discussion on Provider Incentives**
- Cheng Wang discussed the impact of inflation and community pool proposals on provider incentives, emphasizing the need for substantial funding for both provider and unexplored tenant incentives.
- A “super boost program" is being introduced to attract AI workloads, focusing on bootstrapping GPUs and necessary resources, inspired by the success of the "Thumper" project on the Akash network.
- The program, expected to last 60-90 days, aims for significant resource allocation to support multiple projects, with a learning approach to improve future design and user interaction.
- He emphasized the importance of making a big impact, the program seeks to attract notable tenants and providers, potentially including a wide range of participants like researchers and startups.
- The overall goal is to maintain and grow Akash network through sustained adoption and deployment of workloads.
- Andrew G questioned about liquidity of AKT and how this program may introduce sell pressure. Cheng responded by citing daily volumes of AKT and that since the program is over time, any sell pressure would be over time as well, which is a smaller concern.
- Andrew G also asked how long incentives are needed and when will a sustainable level be reached. Cheng responded by saying there is no way to tell for sure but the important thing is to keep the community pool at an adequate level to allow for these bootstrapping programs
- Scott Carruthers added that “Feature Discovery” will be added to the network to allow for the proper tracking of resources of providers to ensure incentives can be distributed fairly and according to the resources they bring.

**Discussion on Affect of Proposal 240/241 - Increasing Community Tax and Inflation**
- Andrew G had brought up a concern in the sig-economics channel in discord about how due to the new proposal, “adjusted real yield” is negative ~0.3% due to the 40% community tax.
- The argument is that stakers of AKT are now being diluted of “network ownership” at ~0.3% per year, while holders of AKT lose ~13% per year.
- Scott Hewitson pointed out that the purpose is to further bolster the community pool to allow for funding of various activities that will grow and progress the network. Also, that stakers are the ones that control Community Pool spend via voting in governance.
- Community Pool funds can only be released via governance proposals and one should look at 2023 to see the amount of growth in the network in various different metrics, which has been fueled by governance proposals. 

**Further Discussions and Closing Remarks**
- Red Eyed Bear, a member of Shade Protocol, asked about using Protocol Owned Liquidity (Akash Community Pool), for providing liquidity on on Shade. Scott Hewitson responded by asking Red Eyed Bear to put a draft proposal in GitHub discussions to fully understand what the ask is and the costs/benefits to the Akash Network at large.
- There has been an issue with Ascendex, and withdrawals. Overclock Labs does not control Ascendex or how they operate, but have inquired and they said there is a technical issue which should be fixed within 2 weeks.

### Action Items

- Scott Hewitson will provide a more concise response to the questions around Proposal 240/241 to help community members understand the importance of the community pool
- All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

## Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

Scott Hewitson: All right, dmgm, everybody. Happy New Year. And thanks to those who came to the first cig economics of 2024 and those who are watching the recording. Thanks for watching it as well. we're coming into the second year of doing these Community groups. I think there's a lot of work a lot of stuff going on. But I think we made a lot of progress and I'm personally excited to see where things go 2024.

Scott Hewitson: So with that in the past I kind of have gone through things any updates or discussions or whatever since the last update or since the last meeting. So we'll start with proposals that have gone live there was a inflation and community tax proposal that was passed or put on towards the end of the year that just passed. I know there's gonna be some questions on that the I know pyber put up a automated auditor that pass a congrats on that and then we have two Currently voting currently in the voting period so if you haven't voted, please vote either way that's for the events and community support and then there will be a one for hackathon coming up soon. So for that and then what else we got?

Scott Hewitson: Discussions I know end of the years a little bit of a low so I don't think there's too many crazy things that came up. So with that for today, I know.

Scott Hewitson: There's been some talk about provider and sentence. So I'm hoping that chain can give us a quick little update on that and then we can open it up for discussions and questions from the community and really just if anyone wants to bring up anything ideas, things that they potentially want to work on this year help out with or identify any of our blind spots things like that. So with that I'm gonna pass it over to Cheng if you could give us update on any provider incentive stuff and…

Cheng Wang: Yeah, for sure.

Scott Hewitson: then we'll go from there.

Cheng Wang: I know those are a long time coming and a lot of the things so in proposals that we push through the two.

Cheng Wang: Particularly the inflation and community pool proposals that were pushed through were kind of like reaching the skids part two, if you will for providers incentives to come online because we do anticipate that that is going to tap, big portions or over the next year or this year rather of the community pool. So we definitely want to make sure it is funded for not just provider incentives little whole host of things. We're doing including tenant incentives, right that haven't even really been discussed at large yet. But those will be important as Right and the importance of tenant incentives is look no further than everything that we use in terms of the South products and whatnot for free trials or subsidized things. you go sign up for Spotify or Netflix, All those things you get, first month three or two months free or whatever. It is, right 32 trials which description Etc. And so these are 10 incentives. We'll be kind of in that vein and flavor as we attend to really grow an option.

Cheng Wang: For this Nano next year and scale So that's several reasons as to why we push through the inflation proposal changes as well as increasing the community pool size as far as provider incentives specifically that should be coming up as far into GitHub for discussion first and foremost sometime this month. I'm

Cheng Wang: 95% certain of that as in terms of in the internal machinations of how just kind of peel back the curve a little bit how things work. So already written a set of proposals and things like that and pass it on to a business is something near and dear to Greg's heart and brain and so he really wants to take his time to review that before we go out into the wild with it. So I think last time we talked about I'll just say quickly summarize as far as where we are. I think we're gonna call the super boost program and have various campaigns. One, two, three, four, five, six, whichever one call it.

Cheng Wang: To launch and the first campaign will probably be somewhere in the realm of I say I want to say maybe over a million dollars in incentives for bootstrapping gpus and not just gpus in isolation. But in a whole instance around because gpus without the supporting resources around it won't be effective. Right and we're gonna have to need very specific instance types in order to attract and continue to attract AI workloads. That'll be meaningful and be really cool. So just to give you guys an example Thumper right recently on Akash that entire exercise I think took 60 plus close to 90 days to get close to completion and where we are now and that's though probably the heaviest thing that we've ran on a caution Network. Definitely the heaviest thing.

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Right on a caution Network today replicating that success with other groups and startups is going to require at least that much resources and at least that much time. So I think the setup for the initial incentivization pool will probably be somewhere 60 to 90 days in length and the size will have to be Commiserate to that right and it's going to be large enough to support more than one of these and ideally a lot of them right? So that's currently what we're looking at and across probably.

Cheng Wang: Two or maybe three chip types and ideally follow up that particular campaign. Once we get a lot of learnings in terms of how people interact with it are there, areas in terms of design where that we can improve and other things So other learnings that we're going to glean from of course, like I mentioned will share all that publicly for the entire community so that we can all learn together and we can understand the reasons for changes and things like that in terms of the size. one question would be why so big and I think we talked about it last year and also a little bit in the text proposals as well discussion and GitHub is you go big or go home right a lot of deep in as fast becoming the hottest segment within crypto and we are probably sitting at the top of the pile in terms of raw capability and what

Cheng Wang: Accomplished everything else out. There is just b s right in terms of Theoretically we can do this. we have this mini gpus what have you actually produced a caution network has produced tons of proof points out there and actually usable tools sdxl and cache chat on Akash right Thumper right that training and that model will be out hopefully in short order within a couple of week or two. Of this recording and that'll be up on hugging face as far as model that cost of works, in partnership with umber to train so that'll be three huge proof points. Running the entire AI stack on IG no one else out there has even come close to replicating. So in order to keep them momentum going in over to push the envelope further and further and maintain if not and grow our lead.

Cheng Wang: Relative to the field. We need to pedal to the metal, We can't rest on our Laurels and we can't decelerate in terms of what we're capable of So that's the reason why the program should be big to start number one in terms of the splash right getting people interested getting providers out there who have these resources, pull them out of the wild and bring them into the Akash Network fold number one from provider perspective. And once we have those resources kind of locked in Right before the program launches will be able on the other side for tenants bring on extremely notable tenants to join us, right and to run things like how cool would it be right that for the incentive program to also launch 10 other Thumper types right training, whatever it is maybe it's University researchers. Maybe it's government.

Cheng Wang: Funded programs. Maybe it's startups right and it can run the entire gamut.

Cheng Wang: In terms of possibilities out there. So all of those things are going to present incredible opportunities and we're in the right. I think environment with the market following with depends notoriety growing and probably being the hottest segment within crypto like I mentioned so it's all ahead of us. I'll end rant there as far as where we are provider incentives. The summary is within I would say this month. We should have that up on GitHub discussions to consider. Number one. The size will probably be about a million give or take probably over that because we want to make that nice and neat and all the number to it's really make the marketing Splash as well as an announcement Splash and have it being meaningful big enough to be picked up, her for media purposes for purposes and also to attract sizable providers and as well as sizable tenants, right because without true meaningful adoption, across just

Cheng Wang: the success of precaution network is really hinge on that right adoption and workloads being deployed. So there Those are really the three key things.

00:10:00

Scott Hewitson: Thanks for giving us a little recap kind of status where we're at. I want to open it up to see if anybody has any questions specific to provider incentives or provider incentives tenants and as kind of just what would Cheng was talking about any thoughts comments concerns? Otherwise we can move on. Yeah, Andrew. Go for it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: We all know that liquidity is one to be the better at this point and this is basically the main concern.

Cheng Wang: yeah, great question and In terms of our liquidity, I think on average our 24-hour trading volume over the course of the last I would say month or two especially month has been between four and five million on average daily. And so the million dollars of akt out there is not all at once right? It's not gonna happen that way and it's gonna be spread across 60 to 90 days, So that million if you divide the million by 90 days you're talking about what little over a hundred less than that. What is it Jesus Christ doing math live. So we're talking about

Cheng Wang: 10K a day right at most in terms of a little bit over 10K a day. So it's not going to be much relative to the market. That's number one and number two it'll be curated. the distribution is not going to happen in a bullet all at once and all at the end or something like that. Right? initially the pool will be managed manually because we don't want to build a technology necessary because that'll slow things down number ones when I say build the technology, I mean automated right and let's say when you go to the pools you say hey, there's this much incentive and this many emissions available on per Whatever that you pop basis is.

Cheng Wang: It track those Wards and you go out and you kind of sell it the defy kind of ponzynomics it's all like just money Legos right people playing with money here. It's very real people using real assets infrastructure. In order to generate this return that'll be number one curated internally by ocl members because we need to assess whether or not they're uptime parameters are being hit whether or not the actual resource that they say they're offering is actually mean are they actually posting workloads and probably there's gonna be some pricing guidance as well. So if you're a provider coming on board, you're using a caution Network providers in your participating in that there's probably going to be a requirement for how you should price your gpus right your instances. you shouldn't be able to double tip right to say, Let's say my a100's cost on the market a dollar an hour.

Cheng Wang: Dollar fifty an hour. I can't take a caution sentence and then price myself at all the 50-hour also, So there's probably going to be some guidance there in terms of what they should price it at. that little bit is a little bit cut vague at the moment. But that's where our mind is headed towards of course some of it is subject to change too, but just kind of pulling back again feeling that curtains a little bit and talking about it in an unfiltered fashion. So Having said all of that.

Cheng Wang: let's say weekly. Maybe I think monthly might be two and frequent, but we'll see a monthly might be okay initially and if we do a 90-day program it'll be in kind of three tranches at the least, right and probably more frequent than that distributed to folks who, given things. I can't say one way or certain I might hold on to akt for speculative purposes or who may not but the maximum effect is about 10K a day and relatives daily trading volume of four to five million on average. I don't think that's going to be much of a challenge.

Andrew Gnatyuk: the other

Scott Hewitson: Go for it.

Cheng Wang: I love it,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hey guys.

Scott Hewitson: Got it.

Cheng Wang: Andrew Grover.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hey guys, how are you? As so so the next question is …

Scott Hewitson: Good. How you doing today?

Andrew Gnatyuk: how I plan to find the incentivize or bounty hunters. I mean so we have the incentive I don't know how I'm not very much familiar with opinion centers, But I know how the bounty hunters work and I know that they can provide with just a time but lots a good power. And what my concern is that at the end of the incentive it can affect the whole Marketplace and the reputation of a cash as well.

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: For Yeah, and I think in order to mitigate that that's also something that will be incredibly important to. Figure out in the design and implementation ultimately another reason why we don't want to make this automated because what if there's some sort of unforeseen flaw in the design, And if it's automated we can necessarily go in and after the fact and change it kind of a little bit of a rug there and that's what I want to make sure we do it manually so we can assess all these things. one number two is as far as Bounty Hunters and things like that. One Design idea that we have currently floating is we want to

Cheng Wang: For example, if we put up a million dollars in incentives and let's just say that equates to a 100 gpus over 90 days. Whatever right? Let's just hypothetically say those are the numbers. we don't want happening is 800 people going getting one a 100 and bringing on sakash network. Yes, that's cool and from a high level that might seem interesting but for a caution where use cases especially for how AIML models like AI models right now our design we need When you call location, right so we'll probably tier the incentives and Bash them to say we want some Excel extra small providers and small can be one between one and eight. Let's say medium providers eight up to 32 right individual gpus units, right and then excels are 32 units or above and so

Cheng Wang: that I think itself would definitely help and we're definitely going to I think do a little bit of curation and prioritize Premier larger providers who are running these they're like providers and having these machines as a business right relative to people who are just screwing around and renting these and reselling them for an Arbitrage opportunity. So the priority for sure is going to be getting high and providers and providers who have these resources as part of their core business model not just because they're bounty hunting for the smaller segment of people who are going to be spinning up one or a few gpus here and there and, servicing inference apps or applications in General on them will be easier to do that's totally fine people, can find opportunity. But again, that comes down to pricing as well right in terms of incentives. Can we need to kind of thread the needle as far as

Cheng Wang: So where it's not just a dramatic Arbitrage opportunity for people but yeah, that's up to design and 98 iteration rather as well. So we definitely want the incentives to be attractive but then being attractive naturally attracts bounty hunters so how do we build the framework around it to make sure that we still get the core batch of our gpus incentivize and those incentive story to the right people and the right groups. So the top of mind for sure and then there's of how we're going to mitigate that is going to be batching them in terms of s. number one and also not going completely off the rails on non-intensive sizes to make sure that it's managed properly and of course last but not least internal controls when we review these providers, right?

Andrew Gnatyuk: He got it. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Give a third question Andrew. I'm just joking does any Okay.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I actually do it's not about yeah.

Scott Hewitson: it's not about providers and

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I'll escalator.

Scott Hewitson: Okay. Appreciate it. okay, does anyone else have anything they'd like to add in regards to provider incentives questions comments concerns, I guess and I talked about this with Cheng, the other day is my concern is that we do all these providers incentives and then nobody's using it right and then you just get people getting paid and the resources aren't being used and I know overclock we've got, a pipeline of folks, wanting to use resources who we talk to but another idea is basically announcing early so that we can build up that cue of people that want to use resources because

Scott Hewitson: free or nearly free stuff is pretty attractive. But we also have to make sure that the word gets out that there is free or nearly free resources available.

00:20:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm not gonna say who told me that but there is one that small providers when they selling their computer nakash are not profitable like they get into the minus right now.

Andrew Gnatyuk: And that's basically the concern because most of the say they use computes are not using. at all

Cheng Wang: God yeah, I think that's really hard to say because it's got to be Case by case. Right? So ultimately as far as I profitability is concerned it's supply and demand driven right the market the short answer is Market forces applying demand. we definitely can't control that as cost my work or overclock Labs, So that's first and foremost number two is smaller providers as far as especially GPU providers I can mention if Let's say you have one V100 right or one some chip, right and you put on a caution you want to you? I think it's really

Cheng Wang: difficult to attract big time AI workloads because of just the nature of it being one chip right when you say small provider. I'm thinking maybe four or fewer gpus and so the usage of those is going to be far more appeal to far less people, right? And when I say people I mean just tenants right who want to use these resources

Cheng Wang: So as far as a product is concerned if I'm a AI developer and I come to a cause I'm like, hey, I want to deploy something that's going to take hgpus or 4gpus. I'm going to go to a larger provider that has all those things. Like I said mentioned clustering colocation is hugely important. I'm going to go to a big provider that has all these resources all at one spot because that's how my application needs to either be run or trained fine-tuned Etc. Right? So as I was saying Market forces being one and two, we're still fairly early on and they're kind of the Landscape and maturity of the network, We only launched gpus. I think what end of August last year. So, we're less than six months to this thing right now, So there's going to be some bumps along the road, but I mean overall I think are our average

Cheng Wang: I think our average utilization for gpus is somewhere around 40 to 50 percent which is pretty strong. But yeah again, it's just type of workloads. All right, so I think as we reach greater scale and especially one of the key things and this goes off into the tangent, but I'll just say within model creation and training itself will people start to optimize the training of models on geographically this for it gpus right and to be able to leverage a couple over there and then communication costs right the network costs.

Cheng Wang: really challenging and solving that maybe will be a huge hurdle to clear. Right? Because if you're all your stuff is in one place to communication is free. There's no network cost to it right sending data, especially with training you have gigantic amounts of data that needs to be trained sent and stored. And so yeah. those are challenges. I think that are going to be pervasive throughout AI in general, but for a caution order again the providers it's really Market forces and we can necessarily control that

Andrew Gnatyuk: Guys, thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, the only other thing I'll add to it is we are a Marketplace. So, we use the Airbnb. parallel a lot. it's like just because you have a house sort of apartment or whatever and you put it up on Airbnb doesn't mean you're gonna make money off of it. we can do things with the community pool and akt to incentivize to bootstrap things, but it's still that classic cold start problem of a two-sided marketplace where you need enough Supply and you need enough demand, either There's no Marketplace, but you can kind of bootstrap to get things going on either side to hopefully a sustainable level. So that's really just what we're trying to do here is get the marketplace to a sustainable level where we don't have to incentivize people just throwing things on or using resources.

00:25:00

Scott Hewitson: Andrew what's up?

Cheng Wang: the Andrew show

Andrew Gnatyuk: If I get it, hi guys.

Scott Hewitson: I love it. You ask good questions, I really appreciate it.

Cheng Wang: say I love it too agreed.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so one you said about that. We are planning to get the marketplace through sustainable level. Do we have the estimates how old is inside device will go on? I mean for a year or two or our planning to you like smoothies, so the providers didn't for Fallout and jump in just like an instant.

Cheng Wang: hard to say exactly. I know that's a little bit of a compound that's the reason why we want to keep the community pool funded right is to ensure that there is sustainability behind it and more than just the sustainability of the supplies. I want to make sure that there's requisite demand using all those resources right because similar to other kind of deep in projects out there, for example healing is a great example. huge amount of essentially providers incentives

Cheng Wang: out there and very little use case and they've exhausted a huge amount of their token Supply right incentives for this purpose and now kind of are in a bit of a pickle relative to that. we've been incentive less thus far and so I think sustainability is going to be usually important having a sizable community pool continuing to be funded. I think someone just posted that right Benjamin's it's something like that. Yeah, so we Get where we're going to be refilling the pool and obviously continue to we can always leverage additional governance right to bolster the pool further if we need to and again it wouldn't be used.

Cheng Wang: In a way that will generate Supply only with no requisite Demand, We're not going to be doing that. We'll be very careful. And of course you guys will keep us accountable as well and you're all stewards of the community. So we'll rely on that as well. So To answer the question again. It depends what the man landscape looks like and how much energy and how much people we can attract if we can attract let's just say we do two three four incentive program super boost programs, right and it leads to a cost scaling up organically on its own without further providers Great. we will need to do provider incentives anymore. We can shift our Into tenant incentives more so right to bring workloads on and to get people using the cost, right?

Cheng Wang: So yeah, I wouldn't be super worried. As far as I get timeline goes. We'll cross those bridges respectively when we get there because worrying about exactly when we're going to pull them back versus not right now. it's just guesswork invest Yeah. is that Welcome Alani.

Andrew Gnatyuk: another

Cheng Wang: Yeah, you're welcome Angie.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Alani you go on You are the star of the show right now.

Alani Kuye: What changed?

Cheng Wang: What's up?

Cheng Wang: How's it going man? How are…

Alani Kuye: Going on there all good.

Cheng Wang: Happy New Year.

Alani Kuye: Happy New Year

Cheng Wang: Love the pro Studios always.

Scott Hewitson: For those that don't know Alani was a prior member of overclock Labs. That's why he's getting the warm welcome that he's getting.

Alani Kuye: Hey if the weather is cold, I'll take the warm welcome.

Scott Hewitson: There you go.

Cheng Wang: But yeah, we're just discussing the provider incentives and stuff like that wanting. that we will come online sometime this month or at least up for discussion in order to bootstrap gpus on the network at least more sizable providers. We anticipate that the provider incentive program initially. The first album will run probably 1690 days in length, the incentivize to maybe three GPU or instance types are with one or two or three GPU sets within that and be about a million dollars in size to start as the initial program and we'll fast follow with additional boost programs given learnings that we extract from the first program. All of it will be shared. Of course informs like this court GitHub Etc. And the reasoning for this is really to continue to build momentum, maintain our lead and

Cheng Wang: On lead at a caution at work has built thus far and to attract bigger and bigger workloads that will be ultimately running on a cost. Right and true success is going to be measured in adoption. So we definitely want to make sure we have the resources to Foment adoption number one and number two is on the tenant side right to bring in folks with the type of workloads that are going to be a good fit for beefy resources on the network. Currently right with somebody had typed something. Let me read Benjamin.

00:30:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, and it's even affects the price. Sorry just IG.

Scott Hewitson: Go ahead Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, and I just said that it shouldn't offend the price I'm just talking.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, yeah, So if we just do rough math, if we say, a million dollar pool even let's say

Cheng Wang: Two million dollar pool over 90 days two million dollar pool is what about a little over 20,000 tokens per day, right $20,000, excuse me per day and given the current Horizon and cost liquidity and trading volume averaging between four and five million daily. So, 20K a day 20 plus K. 10K a day is not going to matter much in that regard and secondarily we're going to in terms of participation or we want to make sure that providers who are high quality and have resources that we actually need relative to Arbitrage right? We'll be rewarded more. So yeah. So again, batch size cluster size are really important. So yeah, that's going to be and again part of the reason why we're designing and implementing these initial pools manually so that we can do these things in a controlled fashion and make changes as we need to right versus just throwing it out there and having something be programmatically rewarded on the Block basis or something.

Cheng Wang: Might already pop basis where there's essentially no control and it be bad practice. I think to do that just push it out there and not know what the results might be. Especially if you're incentivizing improper Behavior by accident, right?

Alani Kuye: Okay.

Alani Kuye: So basically what you're saying is you don't want to incentivize places like unstable diffusion.

Cheng Wang: So they're like that. Yeah, because the hypothetic let's say million dollars in incentives. brings on something like

Cheng Wang: 800 a100 or something like hypothetically, let's just say that's the math right the thing. We don't want are 800 separate people going somewhere getting one a 100 bringing on to not koschigo. If that would be bad. Number one. I mean, the only good thing is that headline eight hundred eight hundreds of my caution network, but for people running real beefy workloads, for example, the thumper initiative that was done on They required the 32 cluster of gpus, And so if they come on something like that or even bigger or a production level application wants to experiment with something on a caution Network and they're looking for huge clusters of minimum age 16 32 GPU clusters. They're not going to find one and that'll be a terrible design right? So we probably

Cheng Wang: Actually use incentives into different sizes, right like hey, 30 minimum 32 cluster or greater 16 or 8 to 32 as a medium size, right and then small one between one and eight. And so I definitely anticipate that if there are any arbitrageous out there that'll probably be on the smaller side and that won't be as there's definitely use case for single or small batch gpus very clusters. But the most production workloads are going to require something much beefier. And of course, those are going to be prioritized for higher tier providers. We're going to obviously try to do some PD development work and reach out and bring them on board right grease to Wheels there and get them on to incentive program there, So that's kind of a little bit wordy explanation of…

Alani Kuye: That's awesome.

Cheng Wang: where we are.

Alani Kuye: That's awesome. Yeah, I was snooping the rest sniffing around. some smaller game def shops that definitely are on the hunt for precisely what you just described.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, and that's part of the learnings. that we extracted from a thumper exercise because initially it's like we think about We just want X number of gpus but then colocation and clustering matters a lot. So we need to make sure that we do design the incentives in a way that prom Clustering and collocation such that the real big time tenants who are running real workloads can come on to a caution be like, okay cool. You guys have what we need we can work with you guys. Yeah.

00:35:00

Alani Kuye: awesome

Scott Hewitson: Right If anyone has anything else about provider incentives raise a hand otherwise, I'm gonna change gears a little bit. I mean kind of open it up to just general questions comments concerns.

Scott Hewitson: Pick it off.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, it's not about myself provider it's more about the incentives so. Let's say you have provided scientists and we have lots of providers, right? How are they, cluster or great great or not graduate, but what's the best provider and what's least best provider for your deployment or something?

Andrew Gnatyuk: I mean

Scott Hewitson: Are you saying Matt, making sure that we incentivize. providers with the right mix of Hardware GPS

Andrew Gnatyuk: No, I mean legally, the star system in for example, Airbnb, you're looking for an apartment and…

Cheng Wang: 

Andrew Gnatyuk: you this one has four stars and this one has five stars for the same price, right?

Andrew Gnatyuk: but there is a difference, That's what I'm asking about provider.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: So I think that it goes a little bit with the correct me if I'm wrong anybody but the provider attributes basically like saying what you have and then is that kind of where you're going? It's like if you say you have six a 100s, you should have six a 100s or

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm basically asking if we are going to have some review system for provider or something like that. because Yeah,…

Cheng Wang: like auditing Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: not like you got it because you can be audited and…

Cheng Wang: totally

Andrew Gnatyuk: and feel like with the five stars, but a review system is a difference when there is some guys that deployed on your provider and say this one is great. But for example, I deployed on Let's say I don't know as provider DOTA cash and it was awful…

Cheng Wang: places

Andrew Gnatyuk: because it was valid my deployment just closed within 24 hours, and that's the point.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so I think for the purp sorry,…

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. No,…

Cheng Wang: go ahead you go first here.

Scott Hewitson: I was just gonna say and that's kind of why things are manual to start until we get to a point where we can automate it with the code to where People can't game things. it just has to be a little bit more manual where we can know who's up there who's getting rewards what they're actually doing, and that's kind of where we're at, Changing if you want to add anything to that.

Cheng Wang: yeah second what you said why we're doing a manually first is to not trip up on we don't know and their risks out there. So we would definitely want to do things manually to go slower and mitigate some of these things and catch them in the back end. That's number one number two, is that the work we can do on the front and like I said is in terms of optimizing for larger providers, so some of the concerns about provider reliability basically, how do we know Beyond rating system, which we currently don't have right? That's something really cool. If someone out there in the community wants to build some sort of a provider rating system deployed on Akash, that would be pretty cool or I like some star system number one, but as far as what we can do in the immediate future is by virtue of

Cheng Wang: incentivizing and curating larger providers we can

Cheng Wang: sidestep or address most of the concerns with regards to reliability what I mean is this if a provider is big and they are provider of these infrastructure resources as part of their Core Business, they should be good at and even if they're not good or great at it. They should at least have recourse.

Cheng Wang: Hypothetically the bulk of the resources. we used for the thumper training came from a provider called obelovus. Right and they are an actual Enterprise in selling these resources when there were issues. There were highly responsive. They had a team. It wasn't just like a guy right or a gallon doing stuff in the back and with limited availability and stuff like that. There were support team waiting on the wings to really help. So I think that should address a bulk of the issues with regards reliability and if the reliability isn't necessarily there's at least recourse right in terms of reaching out to the providers. that's secondly. I hope that helps in the interim.

00:40:00

Alani Kuye: Yeah, twofold I think from a GPU perspective. It's a substantial enough investment. Where as a provider? if you providing GPU clusters, you're not an idiot. Okay, so there's enough work there and incentive to make sure that your monitoring your investment unlike a regular compute provider working. it's a thousand dollars ever. Whatever when I put 20 30 40 50 k up I'm paying attention to it. The other side of that coin is from an incentives perspective and the reading system. I mean the beauty of the network is it's always been a meritocracy. So how do we bring that forward right and to your point the provider reading system. I think that's brilliant simply because it brings to who's doing at what level and how

Alani Kuye: so it becomes a self-feeding. I mean, I think it continues that Narrative of it being a meritocracy because again, it's an investment right and you're not just gonna throw up, any 100s or whatever and just sit back, and put your feet up you turn the attention to it. So my only feedback on that would be the providerate and system should be something. We should look at. Because it puts everything front and center. You don't have to monitor and manage for that because everybody sees it right. It's all on chain transparent. We can all reference it. If you want to go choose a provider or see what the General Health of the provider ecosystem looks like

Alani Kuye: I put my hand what's the word I yield?

Scott Hewitson: Yield your time to Go ahead Scott.

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, so just a couple of things from a technical perspective dad his conversation. So I think probably most people are aware that we're going to be releasing Something That We're referring to as future discovery. This eminent over the next couple weeks of both our chair and I have spent a considerable amount of time. on and this is

Scott Carruthers: Pretty closely tied, there's many objectives to it. So the ability to be able to see a provider current capacity allocated and allocatable resources and what type of gpus they're hosting but this is also somewhat to closely tie with a provider incentive program and that this is going to be our auditing system that however long how are frequently we want to pull those providers. We can pull them every five minutes call them every hour but it's going to be our mechanism to continually check to ensure that as these providers are receiving these incentives that they're actually hosting the resources that they're claiming to host. So that's all going to be a automated system and not a manual check. So that's going to be one procedure that we have to ensure that these incentivize providers are Providing actually what they're telling us they're going to provide while having to check it manually repeatedly. Secondly, I think Andrew this doesn't

Scott Carruthers: so completely agree that in the future would be great to have some kind of capture of user experiences like a Airbnb so if I want to

Scott Carruthers: Deploy on a provider I can tell if a previous users have had a five-star experience. I completely agree that that would be a great future ad to the network. But a lot of it is based on community contribution. So Ben who is in this meeting the proposal that was recently passed his intention. His team's intention is to do provider auditing that's based on benchmarking analytics, So that's not going to give us exactly what you're talking about of a five-star review for a provider but it's going to allow a potential deployer to be able to make a determination of the things like

Scott Carruthers: I'm not saying this is exactly and obviously Ben could speak to this more but it could give us some ideas of Network speeds dislatency disp speeds and things like that. So it's not going to be the user experience rating of five stars, but it's actually going to be provider auditing and that's based on benchmarking instead of right now kind of a Higher level rudimentary auditing system. This is going to be an automated system that's going to provide benchmarking and much more details that would provide a user some guidance on a provider. They might want to deploy on

00:45:00

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that explanation. Scott. Benjamin's got his hand raised. So I'll let him add to that if you'd like.

Benjamin B: Yeah, I would like to add that. While it's not part of the original proposal, it's one of the things that we are thinking of the implementing after. We have delivered everything on the proposal. So basically that would just be some sort of review system.

Benjamin B: how far we get into that or how it will look like that's

Scott Carruthers: but just the introduction of what your original attempt to intent has been as which isn't directly answering their requests from Andrew, but just automated Benchmark in a providers is obviously going to provide a wealth of information for our deployer to make a decision on so that the society that you might be adding the user reviews in the future, but just what the initial proposal Is earmarked for is gonna be a tremendous progress on that path?

Scott Hewitson: Go ahead Alani.

Alani Kuye: Yep, I hate to harm the conversation. But I think we're looking at two different paths here. the technical card on analytics, and all of the technical indepth analysis. I think that's more for a due diligence exercise. But what I look at the Reading system is a low cognitive load quick due diligence where you can look and see a snapshot so someone mentioned earlier an Airbnb I can see. Okay. This host is cool 30 people said give them five stars three people give them two stars and if you want to get

Alani Kuye: Into it, you can see the commentary, that's different from I really want to see what kind of fiber optic connectivity this Airbnb has. where they located. What's the street? do they have cleaning service? Are they charging? so when you go to three levels deep, I think that's where we get into more of a technology technical due diligence and I think those are more suited for people who are bringing in heavier loads onto the network because of course, I want to see that okay, if we're gonna stick our business or one of our environment on this platform, are they offer snuff? But if I just want a quick snapshot, I think those are two very different swim Lanes all together and we don't create more work if we try to mix both because it's almost like are you building for deep technical diligence or you build them for just quick little cognitive load, accelerated adoption. I think what's working right now is people are starting to see the valley that we've been screaming the last few years and

Alani Kuye: Work right and I would still keep those circles when you start to mix them. It just creates unnecessary, I don't know if I'm explaining it right here. But I think I didn't want to keep those separate is my point like we don't want to quick accelerated adoption exercises with more technically inclined exercises. I think we did that in the past. I was so what happened?

Scott Carruthers: Yeah, I would agree I mean obviously I'm kind of spitballing here. But eventually if we had the user review system I would think of that would be something that as you're going through the process on the Akash console and you're selecting or provider you would see the star ratings immediately to your point no cognitive load or this little as possible and it would be something that if you drilled into the provider you could see the more Specifications and benchmarking, but yeah, I agree that if we had the user reviews we should be able to present that with very low cognitive load and you shouldn't even have to Deep dive or drill into a provider that would just be something that would be available to a user on the provider selection page.

Alani Kuye: Yeah, and of course it's signed. So it's not just a bunch of people who are buying reviews. you want to review your provider. You've either used them or I mean, you're gonna sign it. It's gonna cost you some akat whatever that mechanism looks like so it's legit whether it's two or two reviews or 20 reviews on their provider, it's legit, So that's that data literacy and accuracy. S'mores The Nest than just a blanket, that's why I said just keeping those separate just gives clarity.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for all the discussions. I'm gonna bring back a little bit. I know we were getting a little technical there. But before this call Andrew asked and Discord if we could address one thing and before we run out of time, I just want to be able to address that so he asked there's a tweet. It's actually one of the validators for Akash basically saying, not all sticking yields are made equal and stakers holders lose 13% of their value or the ownership of the network and then stakers lose point three percent of the network ownership over time because of the new, 40% community tax. So I just wanted to address that Andrew. Did you want to ask anything specific to it? If not, I can just address it in general.

00:50:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah please just address it in general.

Scott Hewitson: Okay, so I mean, they put this up I don't think it was in Mal and any bad intentions behind it. And we always encourage our community members validators to hold, us accountable and everything that we're doing. So appreciate it, the argument is right at this point lation staking percentage APR is lower than what is it lower or The inflation is higher than APR basically because a huge chunk of that is going to the community pool.

Scott Hewitson: And really the Nuance here, is that the Mist I'll call it Misty yield, all that inflation is going towards the community pool. And the community pool is being used for programs and sent provider incentives for various things that help grow the network. It's not like it's going directly to a person's wallet that they can immediately liquidate and that community pool has for anything to pass any kind of community spend to happen. It has to go through governance and everybody has to vote on it. So I'd argue that it's not Yes, you could say that. It's

Scott Hewitson: you're getting diluted a little bit but's because it's that those funds are going towards the progressing the network and stakers are the ones who control those funds. So it's basically like a war chest to progress the network, I was looking doing a little research before this just, and how other Cosmos skate chains are going and prominent one osmosis right there the other one that currently the APR is lower than inflation if you look how inflation.

Scott Hewitson: Get spread out to them. They've got 20% to liquidity pool incentives. They've got 25% to Dev rewards which literally just go to wallets of devs who helped contribute and then staking plus commissions is around 55% of those inflation for us. We're at 60% go to validators and staking and 40% go to the community pool. Yeah, I mean I don't see it as that big of an issue, especially when the holders of akt that are staking are the ones who directly control how that money is spent. Sure, you could say that, some bigger whales or bigger holders have more influence over the network than others, but the same time,

Scott Hewitson: the interesting the cool thing about all these, crypto economics networks is that good intentions or rewarded and I think you can see that through all the great work that has happened in 2023. I mean you look at all the proposals that have passed, everything has been towards progressing the network and it's not just about dumping tokens. Yeah, I'll let Benjamin jump in or I don't know who raised their hand first, but

Scott Hewitson: Benjamin go ahead.

Benjamin B: I think I was the first one. I just want to say that I have a different opinion on this. and it's not that much that I carry so much about the staking rewards, but I feel like if you staking a network your piece of the pie shouldn't get lesser over the years because what happens if you're really active validator and suddenly a lot of Monthly coming to the network and over time. So when they see us trying to get more and more control.

Benjamin B: That voting power and that people want this validated to exist. It could lead to the network losing a control over the long term. I also think that while it's true that The stake here. So the validators have voted This Crew. I don't think that most people. and new that it would be less than the inflation

00:55:00

Scott Hewitson: We appreciate your opinions. I mean end of the day I mean I've heard somewhere the power of Cosmos is governance and it's like everything can be changed subject to governance. So it's like if enough people are not about it and anyone can throw up a proposal and change it back down or up or whatever, it's now if there's people that are voting without, understanding consequences of their vote, obviously we try to educate and bring things to light beforehand and maybe that's something we need to do a better job of

Scott Hewitson: But yeah, Andrew, do you want to add anything that?

Andrew Gnatyuk: I mean, I just want to ask if you could explain it to me as I was five in terms of retail investors. how does this affect Hotel investors?

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so I'll say. they're a larger chunk is going to the community pool. And the only way to get funds from the community pool is to do something that's going to help the network. So it's not like it's funds are going away from because honestly in my opinion someone who's staking is doing less for the network than someone who's building. I mean

Scott Hewitson: if you're building stuff for the network, it's a lot of the community spend stuff. It's all open source, and it's progressing and network. I mean anybody can stake but not everybody is contributing the same value to the network and that's where the community spend is, really somewhere where that's what grows the network right? it's not stickers. Don't grow the network. That's secure the network and we need that for sure, but we need mechanisms to help grow the network and increase the option. sorry, sorry if that was not so much five years old, but I can try to simplify.

Scott Hewitson: Andrew sorry

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, so that was I mean you can stay say people to people that secures. The networks is doing anything, But I was just asking for example if I'm taking right now, right and I'm still getting the rewards, and 20% and that's all what I mean, basically.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean you're still getting I mean, I think the idea behind raising inflation commiserate to offset the community pool tax was so that the stakers are getting about the same amount. I know it's not perfect and it's all subject to the bonded ratio, but the idea from my understanding is that if you're expecting, x amount of tokens for year for staking it's gonna be about that many tokens for your staking and please jump in Cheng if you have anything else you want to add to that.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I think I want to say I had just a bunch of important messages come up. So I went on silent for a bit. I think with regards to stakers. Of course, they provide of play a vital role right in the ecosystem in the security of blockchain that can't be understated and I don't think any of us is saying that I think what we have to understand if you kind of rewind the time a little bit back to six months ago, right that's six months of inflation was lower than it is now until comprised was

Cheng Wang: attend of what it is now, right and validators and whatnot were not there was in any kerfuffle with regards to that because everyone understood that there was a significant bear condition that we had to deal with and everything was depressed and there's just kind of the natural cycle of things. Right. We kind of now move forward to today where did soaking prices 10x of what it was six months ago and inflation rate is if I recall it was like the staking yield was something around 10% six months ago and now it's around 13% and it's like climbing right? So we had about a 50% climate inflation relatively speaking right 13 to nine Thirteen from nine, right four over nine is 44 percent and so there's a borrowing and then token has grown 10x. So I think the reward structure for

01:00:00

Cheng Wang: validators is still really strong at this particular moment in time? And I don't think it's quite frankly grown. Considerably, So you're talking about 44% growth on top of that token appreciation of 10x, right? So that's quite considerable relative to especially if you're a validator running or secure in the network six months ago. And if the contention is right now, we're not getting enough. it's hard to Understand that particular argument, Especially when the bulk of the funds are putting and being put into the community pool to build things that are accret value to the network that will appreciate the price of the token that you as a validator will directly benefit from

Cheng Wang: without the builders building and making progress on the network that we've done. So thus far we wouldn't have the performance that we've had to date. So I think it's all hugely beneficial ultimately it becomes cyclical, So we can argue over the smaller nuances. Of what this percentage or that percentage means, but ultimately the net impact is token president X inflation relative to quota stakers as increased by 44% So I think the values definitely there I do have to jump in a minute, but that's my point.

Scott Hewitson: Go ahead Benjamin.

Benjamin B: I think that makes a lot of sense. I still think that the negative real APR could be an issue like long-term. But if this were to happen, it would be quite noticeable. So right now it's not an issue, but if it is it devoted on later.

Cheng Wang: 100% I think to your last Point rightly hardcap supplies and all that kind of stuff. And that's one of the reasons and The take rate as well, right that'll kind of cycle back into stakers and all that kind of stuff. So there are various ways to kind of solve this potential challenge as well and if you run the thought experiment right? I think Benjamin here let's just say a Cosh Network grows to the point where the token hypothetically we get Some tiny penetration in the cloud Market space. Let's just say that penetration is I don't know 1% right and let's say 1% of the cloud Market space, on a 400 billion dollar Market within next couple of years is What is 4 billion mean for gmv or transactions on the network? We follow experiment through

Cheng Wang: four billion a caution at work. What's a cautious networks maximum Supply let 380 million was rounded up to 400 million A tokens if akt were $10 apiece that would get the total market cap to around four billion dollars, and if there's four billion dollars of market value that we're capturing and as far as transactions going on some Network you could quickly come to the point where people are resource hoarding for potential speculative purposes right to and it wouldn't be enough tokens necessarily to grease the market as far as transactions go right depending on the price of the

Cheng Wang: So you can at that point in time if we reach at that adoption that massive scale, We will reach potential challenges as you mentioned here. And I think that's something we have to think about as we continue to scale the design of I think…

Alani Kuye: right

Cheng Wang: what you're saying is, that doesn't honestly problem. We have to solve now and I would agree it's something we should definitely keep in mind and an eye on however, but it's a little bit further down the road. I would say, that minimum a few years.

Scott Hewitson: Andrew do you want to add anything else?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I was just asking you can you make a statement or an announcement through Gardens issue like this? It's a ticket economics. So if the people always sign investors would like just pointing on it. We have some official statement on that. matter

Scott Hewitson: You're saying drop something in the Discord to kind of collate everything. We've been talking about for the past 15 minutes.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Yeah, we can put together a statement for Benjamin go ahead.

Benjamin B: I want to say that I think the main part of the statement is that anyone should be able to create this proposal if you want to but we as a group don't think it's needed to change it right now.

Scott Hewitson: read All right. Okay, Andrew, go ahead.

01:05:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes, sorry.

Scott Hewitson: I know we're over. So if anyone has to drop please drop and…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, sorry Benjamin,…

Scott Hewitson: you can check out the rest of the recording.

Andrew Gnatyuk: but that's not the issue the miners that is on stable like this minus is concerned and that's important, And that's all.

Andrew Gnatyuk: That's what retail investors sees. There is a minus in staking in real APR and…

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: that's what is concerned. And that's what I see and you can the long read in the Twitter about how this affects their cash and how this is will be good but minus is still a minus.

Cheng Wang: Where is the minus?

Scott Hewitson: So it was from this tweet.

Cheng Wang: I'm sorry. I'm lost.

Scott Hewitson: I'll drop it in here. basically Saying stakers lose point three percent of network ownership per year…

Cheng Wang: And I got a jump right as well. Take a look. Okay?

Scott Hewitson: because the amount going to the community pool is high higher than the amount that spread to stakers and honestly, I mean it has to do a little bit with the bonded ratio. So less people bonded then that could go to positive if more people like steak then that'll go even more negative. It's yeah,…

Cheng Wang: I see what we're saying. Okay.

Scott Hewitson: I think we can come up with a quote unquote official response to this in a way that helps retail and…

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I'm gonna look at it. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: other folks in a simple way understand the why

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. Yes,…


Cheng Wang: Yeah, I got a job. I'm sorry guys apologies Andrew Team.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes, please. Thank.

Cheng Wang: All right. Thanks everybody.

Scott Hewitson: I'll take action to discuss with folks within overclock and whoever else we need to talk about to get that statement out. I know everything came out, that was brought up this morning. So I did my little quick research and whatnot. But yeah, no, we'll get something a little more. formal for that

Scott Hewitson: Andrew or min go ahead. or Benjamin

Benjamin B: I think that what we could do if there's not consensus is that we could Allow discussion and then the most commonly voted or commonly mentioned the percentage maybe overclock could try to help and create the proposal not everyone has 1000 akt to start their proposal. so if there's a lot of people trying to argue against this fact we could just Try to offer help to change. And then voting could happen again.

Scott Hewitson: yeah, I mean I Yeah,…

Benjamin B: I mean

Scott Hewitson: I mean I fully support the reasons for having the Thousand akt deposit is just to prevent spam proposals. I mean, you look at a year ago. That was 300 bucks now, it's $3,000. So yeah, there's And that could even be a governance proposal to drop the minimum akt to submit a proposal but for where it's at today, if anyone is trying to put up a proposal and don't have the collateral to do so, as long as it's in discussions people are talking about it. I have no qualms against, lending somebody money to put up a proposal.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: No, I agree.

Scott Hewitson: Andrew anything else you want to add?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, that's sorry. I'm droppings. That's not the issue. So let's start with the statement the recap on this matter. and see how the community will get it. And then we'll see if there's need for something for discussion or a proposal.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. No,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: we used to address it somehow.

Scott Hewitson: I agree 100% We should anytime there's anything that it's not necessarily fun, but it needs addressing. I'm with you 100% Red eyed bear I'll let jump in add anything question.

Red Eyed Bear: Yeah, I don't want to take up too much time and I'm happy to chat with you async off this call if you prefer, but I wanted to kind of ask the question has ocl or anyone from the community came to the Akash community at large and discussed ways to create more sustainable liquidity and accessibility for akt specifically in the cosmos ecosystem. I know. most of the time projects resort to emitting tokens, the third party participants to be able to attract liquidity for trading and just curious if there has been any conversation or appetite towards, approaching creating liquidity in different ways through Pol matching deals or Pol swaps.

01:10:00

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean, I don Pol is protocol owned liquidity for any of that aren't aware. at this time, from my personal experience. I don't think we've talked about any of that kind of stuff. if you adding a bunch of tokens to the osmosis so that it's a little bit deeper liquidity. I can say that we do have some liquidity on osmosis from the overclock side. But yeah, I mean really there's the whole, Market making and liquidity. That's a whole other. aspect to it outside of just the simple tokenomics because markets are wild and they can go crazy and do you have any specifics in mind or ideas?

Red Eyed Bear: Yeah, so I noticed that most of a cautious liquidity is primarily centralized on osmosis or exchanging various centralized exchanges, but it hasn't really proliferated outside of Osmosis. As far as Dex is in the cosmos. and so just a kind of briefly introduce myself. My name is red eyed Bearer. I'm a contributor to shade protocol primarily focusing on operational management, and we've engaged in various protocol own liquidity matching deals and swap deals with a variety of different projects and the cosmos ecosystems.

Red Eyed Bear: And it's proved really fruitful as a way to create sustainable liquidity where you're not having to continually incentivize liquidity providers, and projects have the ability to withdraw that liquidity at will depending on what type of style of liquidity provision you're talking about. Yeah, I'm just curious, osmosis having the dominance that it had up until now and still, maintains that dominance makes sense that cautious wanting to focus. It's liquidity efforts there but in an effort to kind of

Red Eyed Bear: Match that, sort of decentralization And if we all think a caution indeed has this unique positioning for this incredible adoption. I think it's important to ensure that akt is accessible as possible, in ways that don't incur excessive costs by the community. So it's just kind of gauging the interest here either biocl or by the community on whether there is appetite for owning liquidity on other major exchanges in the cosmos ecosystem. not need management, so

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean I think. In general. No, I mean first thanks for coming and introducing yourself and you said is it shade protocol? All…

Red Eyed Bear: Yep.

Scott Hewitson: All right, cool. Yeah. No, I mean I think. the community is pretty.

Scott Hewitson: I'll say.

Scott Hewitson: the community is the first line of defense Community spend proposals or whatever and everything kind of starts with the GitHub discussions. So if you have any ideas even just it doesn't have to be like, hey, I'm gonna put up a proposal for it can be hey is there interest in our communities pretty good about responding to things poking holes and things and when ideas are good and it sees that it'll help the community cause the network at large, people get supported So whether you want to start some discussions and cigar economics. I know we're way over but yeah, if you want to drop a few notes in there even and get up discussions, I personally will look at Read it follow, maybe poke some holes ask some questions. I know some other members probably will as well. So I encourage you if you have any ideas to put them forward.

Scott Hewitson: Them out there. one thing I think we do pretty well is when people put out ideas and they're good they kind of rise to the top and then we can help put up proposals. We can help, support them any other way.

01:15:00

Red Eyed Bear: Really appreciate that context and just specifically from I think this is a worthwhile Endeavor regardless of what the trading venue that you're looking at. Obviously you want to have your liquidity on a trading venue that's gonna where it's going to be utilized, just like all the different providers you guys are looking to source as well you want those to be utilized just

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Red Eyed Bear: particularly from shade side. We participated in a cautious last hackathon and we have a few of our different applications different front ends that are utilizing the caution instances to host those and think it's a really awesome.

Red Eyed Bear: Collaboration there and showing of how these different types of Technologies can overlap and specifically for privacy preserving D apps, it's going to be more and more important for us to try and maximize that decentralization and changing regulatory environments. So I think it's a really cool collaboration. I'll definitely go on GitHub and post some ideas and thoughts there. Would love any feedback from you guys.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, that'd be great. Really? Appreciate it. Yeah, start the conversation for sure.

Red Eyed Bear: Would you mind dropping a link in the chat?

Scott Hewitson: Yes.

Scott Hewitson: do you want the GitHub or I'll just give you get up and then you can

Red Eyed Bear: Yeah. Appreciate it.

Scott Hewitson: There we…

Red Eyed Bear: Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks Tyler's on it. Awesome. I really appreciate that. Does anyone else have anything else to add an action item for me is to basically come talk with internal folks and whoever else needs to be talked to and come up with a easy digestible answer to that tweet. Andrew what's up?

Andrew Gnatyuk: It's not related it just that a scandex has positive tweet about akt withdrawal issue. So I guess it's been sorted out now.

Scott Hewitson: So it's all good now.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Tyler Wright: Thank you. Andrew after anybody ever sees those issues, please drop them in Discord and just add me as an attention and we'll make sure it gets solved as quick as poss.

Andrew Gnatyuk: thanks.

Scott Hewitson: Alrighty any of the last comments. Otherwise we can end the call. This is a nice long start to the year. So I love the discussions, you…

Andrew Gnatyuk: That was nice.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I mean that was a goal.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. No,…

Scott Hewitson: I like I'm all about it. So. All I hope everyone has a great rest of their day and rest their week and we'll see you guys at the next call next month.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Thanks guys.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Scott.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thanks for the girl. Bye. bye guys

Meeting ended after 01:18:22 👋
