---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #13"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-13"
date: 2024-02-07T18:00:00Z
contributors:

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Alani Kuye
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- José Henrique Targino Dias Góis
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

---



# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #13

## Agenda

* Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
* Updates on provider incentives.
* Open up to community for ideas or concerns.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, February 7, 2024
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://6rzdyy2kxzn4qpilczq7vdvfd52kxb65rk4cnhor32f4cibhkqmq.arweave.net/9HI8Y0q-W8g9CxZh-o6lH3Srh92KuCad0d6LwSAnVBk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Bozanich
- Adam Wozney
- Alani Kuye
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Denis Lelic
- José Henrique Targino Dias Góis
- Max
- Rodrigo Rochin
- Scott Hewitson
- SGC | DCnorse
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Notes

**Introduction and Updates**
- Scott initiated the meeting, gave a recap of meeting #12 and any outstanding items in discussions or on-chain items related to sig-economics.

**Discussion on Provider Incentives**
- Provider incentives is currently being voted on-chain via [Proposal 246](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/246). The spend is only for Phase 1 of the program and is ~$3.5M worth of AKT.
- Cheng lays out the three phases of Provider Incentives Program (PIP). Phase one consists of a large committed pool of resources that require 1 year contracts. This is to ensure that there is a baseline level of supply that is not subject to individuals or companies adding/removing resources regularly.
- Phases two and three will be more closely like a "liquidity pool" where rewards are disbursed based on configuaration, uptime, and other metrics. This phase is still in progress and requires more thought on ways to operationlize effectively.
- Alani asked Cheng who owns the providers/hardware that is going on the network? Cheng responded that Data Centers and other individuals that go into the 1 year contracts are the ones who actually own the hardware and any depreciation or tax implications would be from their end.
- Cheng also states that while these providers are being paid for by the community pool, the revenue collected from these machines will go directly back into the community pool.
- Scott also calls out that everything that is being done will be be reported on as information arrises and funds are spent. There are no hard dates for reporting but Overclock Labs will be as transparent as possible given some information is commercial contracts.
  
**Other Discussions**
- Alani emphasized the point that individuals need to actually be reading proposals both in Github Discussions and when they go on-chain. He has concerns for when people read a few lines and sharing their opinions without fully understanding what is being proposed.
- Cheng brought up the point that the Cloudmos team's six month contract for continuation services ended, but that the wallet used for the acquisition still has a significant amount of funds (due to the run-up in price of AKT). The proposal in [Github Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/472) would repurpose lefrtover funds to continue paying the Cloudmos team for an additional 12 months.

### Action Items
- All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

## Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

Scott Hewitson: All right everybody. This is the 13th I think economics call second of the year.

Scott Hewitson: last month's call went a little long. There was quite a bit of discussion about provider incentives and a few questions on the Community tax and inflation props that it passed so I would encourage anyone who did not go to last month's call to read those notes and GitHub. And yeah, I'm not sure if we have too much to talk about to today. Let's see from the discussion side. There wasn't a whole lot going on outside of the provider incentives is currently on chain and being voted on scheduled to pass at the moment. I'll drop the link right here. So if you haven't seen it, please vote whichever way and yeah.

Scott Hewitson: And then let's see if we had so in Discord not a whole lot of chatter just kind of, follow-ups from last session. So again check that out if you can. And I think for this call, maybe we can just kind of wrap a bow on the last bit of Provider incentives now that it's on chain and then kind of open it up to the community for any questions and concerns or anything that they want to talk about regulated to cig economics at Large. So with that Cheng, do you mind talking shortly of one Probably the fourth time that you've done it but a little bit more about provider incentives just to …

Cheng Wang: No, I love it.

Scott Hewitson: give everyone the lay of the land and maybe talk about some of the things that we incorporated since the last call before going on chain.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, there are quite a bit of work and ideation went into the last version that you saw go on chained for provider incentives program. We're calling the PIP for sure. We like to make things nice and snappy with the naming abbreviations there. So the primary change is I'm going to be is the phasing so phases one two, and three and each phase corresponds to particular bucket of funds that are allocated to GPU resources. So the biggest in phase one is currently what's on chain for approximately 3.5 million USD. All right, things fluctuate a little bit given market prices of akt, right, but either way the phase one is going to be for the committed pool of resources for those of you I'm sure most of you have read through it for those of you who didn't commit a resources. Takes into account some of the feedback from the community which is if we run a short lived.

Cheng Wang: Provider incentive campaign what happens when those resources drop off? How do we ensure continuity for tenants? All that kind of stuff. Right? So the committed pool is how was expanded right relative to presentation terms to the total phase of total first presentation program in order to sign one year long commitments with various data centers in order to bring those high-end resources from data centers who are professionals at their job and do this for living so that those really resources are reliable. And number two is to ensure that those providers are adequately paid right and not dependent fully on, hosting workload. So we do anticipate these things to sell out very very quickly and they're not being an issue there and third is just continuity, So if you're someone doing some serious work, whether it's AI ml driven or something else and you want to deploy your applic

Cheng Wang: And your use case you're back in whatever. It is on a caution Network you want continuity, You don't want these resources to disappear in three months. You're not out here just to kind of experiment potentially you might run proof of concept type of workloads, right just to get things started. But ultimately you want them to persist. So that's what the committed pool does.

Cheng Wang: There for one year long leases and it'll be specifically with data center providers Not just like anybody out there the other two pools phases two and three are what we'll call liquidity pool. So that is going to be your very familiar with how pools are constructed. We'll have specific configurations that will map out. They're more likely be in the meeting like more the consumer grade chips or slash medium lower and data center great chips, right like that save you 100 30 90s 40 90s that ilk of Chip will be in that with those particular pool with us specific configurations necessary right for the network and that'll just be completely Community Driven and anyone who want to contribute those resources can contribute and that's that tier and then there's a final tier face three and these things don't have to occur. Sequentially they can occur concurrently, right just depending on timing and various other factors of when these resources

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: on how they can be secured Etc phase three in the last one we'll call Next Generation R&D pool reason being is AI. mean technology in general moves extremely quickly and AI even more so

Cheng Wang: And these chips really fall in and out of favor very very quickly. the life cycles are super duper short, 100s a 100 for example, I'm not sure if some of but those chips Nvidia has already stopped manufacturing in 100 in favor of the replacement architecture l40s. And so the l40s chip is replacing the a100 and a lot of people out there even those who are and I'll haven't even really, in their brain retrained it if you will that's a borrowed term to using l40s versus a 100s. So, the Next Generation pool allows the core team to go out there and stay on The Cutting Edge right like AMD support for example, a key core feature. We've been working on for a while. So, amd's enter the chat. So that's one other field of group of chips that we need to really keep an eye on right and in addition to that down coming down the pike is h100 right now.

Cheng Wang: In the Krav as far as Nvidia is concerned and just generally right h200s are coming out. Then there's the whole Blackwell architecture b100s are in the next two years or so or year potentially and then there's the X Series right that's coming out after them lay around 2025 for NVIDIA and I'm not even sure what amd's roadmap and times like timelines look so suffice to say the R&D Next Generation pool allows us to really experiment in small bursts with some of these Where our chips and architectures to see what the actual supply and demand curve for potentially would look like and to encourage people to use these chips right and get data for the community for a caution and work so we can understand in subsequent iterations of providers incentive for two pip part three, etc. Etc. Can be more tuned to actual data, so

Cheng Wang: Those are kind of the three phase one is already on chain proposals slated to pass as Huey's outlined and shared and that's what we got there any particular questions or thoughts around that?

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, just a quick clarifying question. So we got to the committed pools 12 months the next one phase two. The liquidity pool says four months. obviously some of those things can be running concurrently, the liquidity pools probably more interesting to some of the people at home who's got their 40 90s. Do we have any rough timelines on when we're thinking to implement something like that, or is it going to be and after that after the committed pool?

Cheng Wang: I don't think it'll be after so.

Cheng Wang: the committed pool once I passes we will like a lot of my new show So sorry if I'm a little boring. I'll try to go over quickly. So once we get the funds we have to get into a point where right now we're talking to, on the core team side a bunch of data center providers as far as you're availability as we get the funds just because get the funds doesn't mean the chips will be ready right away. These things are rather scarce in the environment at this point in time. So, as we get them onboarded in some significant quantities will be able to bring them online. We're gonna bring them online as quickly as we can as far as hotline goes. I can't say with absolute certainty, but I definitely say measured in weeks lower number of weeks, as far as getting them on and it might be within phase one some of those resources might be phased as well because we can't just go to the store and grab a bunch off the shelf and put them on right those in quite work that way so we would love to get the first sub phase if you will face one launch ASAP and more

Cheng Wang: information will be available as soon as we get that but I don't really have too much to share at this point in time too much concrete. So sorry, I can't directly answer that but What we want to get these things on online and we want to showcase or that continue to Showcase rather a caution networks capabilities, right? We've already demonstrated the entire animal stack right from inference to fine-tuning to training every other, deep in projects out there. As you know said they can do one of the other but no ones actually proven anything in the wild other than us. So we'll continue to work on that. Yeah, Alani I go for it go first.

00:10:00

Alani Kuye: Here. hi Cheng. and part of me. I'm not as informed on this year. or not, a 100s are they? across owned overclock own provider owned data center owned who actually is the custodian of the infrastructure

Cheng Wang: and Great question. So who physically owns the hardware will be the data center. The actual machines themselves will be data centers and the data centers themselves will become providers on a caution Network for putting their Hardware onto the network as far as who's going to manage the providers for data centers who are comfortable managing it themselves. They will do so for those who are not comfortable managing themselves the cash 14 and ocl core team will work with people in the community as well as using internal resources to manage those providers. as far as not the I guess custodian might be a way to look at it right at the administrator of those resources as So there's one path.

Cheng Wang: Data center will be the owner of the resources. They will either manage it themselves as a provider or Outsource the provider management to ocl core team VZ like the community right in some way shape or form in that way. then so that's how those resources be put on to the network.

Alani Kuye: So from a tax perspective who gets the carpets and who gets the Opex. If I'm gonna depreciate that over four years for example, right you sir,…

Cheng Wang: So yeah.

Alani Kuye: I'm going with it, right.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so the benefit the capex depreciation will definitely come out of the data center. so let's say I am data center, AI machines.com, right? And I have a bunch of a 100s or H 100s and I decide to sign an agreement with ocl to put these resources on the caution Network. So then at that point, it's simply a commercial agreement from the data Center's perspective. That's all it is. Right. They get paid their money for putting resources on to network and that's all gravy there and thats not That's simply just a very plain commercial agreement between overcog collabs and a data center or several data centers. And so the data center in this case will operate normally would they incur their Opex right and their capex? It's all baked into whatever they charge overclock labs and the kind of Comm.

Cheng Wang: Right over a year or if it's on demand and other whatever the scheme is, right the duration is that's all baked into the price. So they take their capex depreciation on those chips. And obviously they incur the Outbacks of it as well as far as but the other operation side the only nuances in terms of Provider management for the sake in the instance where caution Network core team manages the provider right? That's where the operational cost will come out of the provider incentive pool, right? Because there is some Elementary. So for example, there's a Community member. Let's just say who manages a provider or set up providers? They would have to be paid for their work right? So that there's of the pool.

Alani Kuye: Okay, I was just trying to get a better and thanks to clarifying that because I was thinking if I 100 K and it costs 120 for your depreciation plug the economics, cognit on the books and either way I get it back somehow right? Someone's gonna you put the taxes I can offset that.

Cheng Wang: exactly

Alani Kuye: From an accountant.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah,…

Alani Kuye: Alright. Thanks.

Cheng Wang: totally. So if you get a hundred dollar chip, Let's just say and the lifetime value of it is let's say five years and do linear depreciation. You can write off 20 bucks out of the hundred per year for five years. And offset, whatever your income is right in those five years with that particular thing and then whatever your Optics is, obviously that takes your bottom line down as and then whatever revenue is your Revenue so that all go against your state at Revenue there so for data centers, in this case. they're only revenue is directly going to be the contract that they get paid on and so in the event, this is something really interesting too. I'm not sure if we were able to put that in discussions, I think we might have which is

Cheng Wang: Data center for gives sign data center science contract with ocl bring resources on Kosh Network right save those resources are $100 right costs those overclock Labs $100, but that's been funded by the community pool that passes then to the data center that agreement is tied off all clear then from the tenants perspective, right? They're going to use resources on the network that is managed by who Clash Network, Minister administrator, shall we call it and those revenues that flow through ultimately

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: Where the zacho to we're going to all the excess net of paying expenses. I think this is what we talked about. We'll go back into the community pool. So if we buy resources in the community pool for a hundred dollars, right and obviously we're going to ensure that the prices are highly competitive and not overtuned right but having said that once the inflows come in net of whatever the expense are. Let's say, Alani is managing a provider and he gets paid, five percent out of this whatever is coming through. I'm just throwing out random numbers right then 95% of those revenues would go ocl a cautionary core team that manages provider will be putting that at the end of the program back into the community pool. So it'll be this pretty virtuous cycle where the community pool will be ultimately refilled by usage. Yeah anytime.

Alani Kuye: Pretty solid. Thank you.

Cheng Wang: B's had two questions as the PPA elected by Syrian receive a salary at our parent did that I don't think that PPA receives. A salary per se like so we're gonna talk through it on the steering committee. the ask there might be some consideration for administering the program. Like I said before as far as costs go those haven't been really super clearly defined. for one thing as far as who is the PPA I think

Cheng Wang: What is it provider program in administrator as we're calling too many acronyms here. I think that administrator I personally would nominate ocl because we have the resources and Personnel to do it and we've always been extremely transparent to the community there. So that's the number one. So, yeah, in terms of costs, they're likely will be something but likely if ocls elected as the primary administrator, we likely would not take anything as far as a fee goes because that's just kind of cost of doing business for us. Number two, there's transparency reporting requirements. They're actually how regularly I'm too apologies already. No, so we don't know what the Cadence ought to be. You can definitely expect them regularly inconsistently. It won't be regularly every six months right be something like that, but we just don't know exactly what the Cadence is because we don't know as far as reporting how the date is gonna be aggre.

Cheng Wang: how long it's going to take us to Crunch that information put it into something that's shareable but suffice to say I think you can believe and it don't take my word for it. I just look at all the community governance proposals. We've submitted in the past and all the reports that Scott Huey here has been at the helm of and pushing those opposite Community as far as putting money back into the community pool as far as access funds go number one number two showing, all the reporting what was called Google.

Cheng Wang: Data Studio things called looker studio now so all those reports are out there and shared with the community to view and we do Endeavor to do the same thing here. Thank you Scott for sharing that so something like that. You can expect something like this and obviously if there are questions and things like that, we'll post updates because this is such a huge thing will likely post updates maybe and GitHub discussions should there be enough for it at the very least. We'll be talking about it on seeing economics it provider, across a whole bunch of things and working groups as well because this is the biggest program launch today and they're gonna be a lot of questions and a lot of curious mind. So we'll definitely share the data very very ask consistent as we can but also not So frequently, let's just say daily or weekly that it kills us on the administrative side,…

Scott Hewitson: Right. Yeah,…

Cheng Wang: Because we do have a lot of things are juggling. Yes, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: so I think just to add to those two questions from BS the PPA if any work is coming from overclock. We're not going to be taking money for effort. if there's other folks in the community that need to help there that can help out then that would probably make more sense because people need to be compensated overclock Labs. we have our own payroll we have our own thing. So we're not using Community funds to pay that and then the reporting side I dropped in this dashboard from events. my view on this is kind of as things start coming in and that's when we'll get the information out. So yeah, I don't know if it's a quarterly probably is, I can count on that for sure just because

00:20:00

Scott Hewitson: we should be doing that but really, the second I learn about an expense or it's realized or whatever I'll put it up and hopefully just have it running. So there's a lot of transparency behind it. everything in the community pool it's the community pool. So it's kind of like a public programs like governments. It's like we should be showing what we're spending money on and how that's growing the network. So hope that helps add some flavor.

Cheng Wang: Up Bravo. Thank you Scott. it perfectly said

Scott Hewitson: awesome Does anyone else have any questions or concerns related to provider incentives prop 246?

Scott Hewitson: I'll take that as a no if you do if you think of something or you don't want to talk about it here feel free to drop in Discord and we'll be sure to get you a good response. At this time, I'd like to Alani. What's up?

Alani Kuye: Yeah, just very minor commentary, thank you guys for all the work you've been doing. I also just want to emphasize that it's important for people to read. these proposals in their entirety before quantificating I think oftentimes It's very concerning when people just read four or five lines without really comprehensively understanding. What a proposal is about and just firing off a grenade and opinion basically, so I think we should really spend more time within these things and really understanding it. So we have literacy around contacts and where it's going because we want to be careful. We don't get so bogged down and tactical mindset and not meet the overall strategic objective. That's just import from my side.

Scott Hewitson: I think that's a great Point Alani. I mean we live in a world where everyone reads headlines and makes their decisions off of that. So, I mean, it's easier said than done but for areas where there's pontification or grievances or I think we've been able to do a good job to alleviate any concerns or at least address them and explain, An altering point of view,…

Alani Kuye: No.

Scott Hewitson: so I agree with that 100%

Scott Hewitson: awesome

Scott Hewitson: We still have quite a bit of time. So if there's anything you want to discuss any ideas you have anything related to Sig economics or anything that's growing the network the floor is yours if you want it.

Cheng Wang: I did have one quick one if I can shoe horn myself in there for No,…

Scott Hewitson: I suppose.

Cheng Wang: so I will not be seating my time someone else now in this case. I think the other big thing is we put in to get up discussion to wanted to give a little bit Time air time for the provider incentives want to marinate a little bit. But one thing we did want to and the pain of transparency is for the continu.

Cheng Wang: Of cloud most right and they're continued contribution to overclock Labs. I put up a discussion there just to keep things on total up and up and that we are extending our relation Cloud notes because the team is great and obviously they've worked for years. Now. I'm within a caution Network in a fantastic fashion. So we're continuing that for at least another 12 months hopefully more but the slated agreement right now is for 12 months and we're repurposing the funds from the original funding of the six months and as well as the cloud most acquisition there is some access funds left over to support that and I think there was one set of questions from ZJ, which is he has some questions. Will it be using you denominated payments as far as what the expectation the Costco it's kind of very little bit based on hours worked and stuff like that, but it'll be slightly above what the

Cheng Wang: I'm run rate was for the first six months. That's number one and number two the funds vest over the next one. So it'll just be monthly payments. So it wouldn't be a whole big shot all up front with the acquisition that vests over time. It'll Simply Be work that's been done. it'll be like a contract So a salary if you will continue to work being done and I'll be paid out over time on a monthly basis and that'll be denominated. Whatever the Says at the time of payment we snap it there and that's historically how we've done it.

00:25:00

Scott Hewitson: Awesome. Thanks for covering that a little bit

Scott Hewitson: is there anybody else that wants to bring up anything can be related discussions proposals any ideas? Yeah. Leave it open for a minute.

Scott Hewitson: No takers this time because Andrew G's not here to ask me five questions to keep me honest. I love that guy. No, I mean last call was I think was an hour and 20 minutes. We're at 30 minutes now. So, I think a lot of stuff got hashed out in the last call. If I think we can wrap up at this time. Unless anyone has any last things they want to say and if you do have any, comments concerns questions, whatever you want. Feel free to drop them in Sig economics and Discord. I checked that very regularly and try to be very responsive there. so with that, I think we're going to end the call and we'll see y'all next month and

Alani Kuye: All right. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: alrighty

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone. Thanks Alani good to see you. Yeah, right.

Zach Horn: thanks guys take

Meeting ended after 00:26:37 👋
