---
title: "Economics SIG Meeting #14"
key: "sig-economics-meeting-14"
date: 2024-03-06T18:00:00Z
contributors:

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Moss Business
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Ronchin
- Scott Hewitson

---


# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #14

## Agenda

* Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
* Updates on provider incentives.
* Open up to community for ideas or concerns.

## Meeting Details

- Date: Wednesday, March 6, 2024
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://l7relb4v4vhxhw4shqui4iyoyyeqdt6ogwpx2thybmneridemfnq.arweave.net/X-JFh5XlT3PbkjwojiMOxgkBz841n31M-AsaSKBkYVs)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Andrew Gnatyuk
- B S
- Cheng Wang
- Moss Business
- Robert Del Rey
- Rodrigo Ronchin
- Scott Hewitson

## Notes

**Introduction and Updates**
- Scott initiated the meeting, gave a recap of meeting #13 and any outstanding items in discussions or on-chain items related to sig-economics.

**Discussion on Provider Incentives**
- Cheng Wang provided an update on the Provider Incentives Program (PIP) since it has passed on-chain governance and funds have already been used to secure contracts.
- As of the time of this meeting new resources such as 4090s and H100s have come on the network for available use.
- Andrew asked if these resources are already being leased or if there are use cases that are coming on to the network soon to use them. Cheng responded by saying that there are multiple tenants that the core team has been talking to and expects the providers to fill up.
- Andrew asked for further clarification on whether we are incentivizing resources while they are being used or just to have them up. Cheng responded by calling out that these new providers are signed contracts so they will be up but obviously don't want them running empty. Any funds they make will also be sent to the community pool.

**Other Discussions**
- Moss Business, a small content creator, asked about security issues related to the network or if there were some SIGs on security. Cheng suggested going to [sig-providers](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/sig-providers) as some of the questions that Moss Business asked are being worked on there.
- Andrew asked where we are in AKT 2.0 and what still needs to be done. Scott responded by calling out the [AKT Token Page](https://akash.network/token/) that shows the main features being:
  - Take and Make Fees - Live
  - Stable Payments and Settlement - Live
  - Incentive Distribution Pool - Not live but make/take fees are currently going to the Community Pool
  - Provider Subsidies - In progress with PIP
  - Public Goods Fund - Not implemented but Community Pool has been the placeholder and where contributors can seek funds to grow the network.
- Andrew brought up Io.net raising $30 million to compete, how is the team thinking about this? The core team's stance is that the pie is large enough for many players and competition is welcomed and good for the space at large.


### Action Items
- All are welcome to contribute! Anyone who wants to contribute please visit sig-economics in the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/akash)

## Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.

Scott Hewitson: All right, all today's call. This is the cig economics monthly call for March. We've had quite a few of these I will call out that I did not get the notes up from the last call. So that's squarely on me. We've had a ton of things going on. So I will make sure to get that done shortly after this along with these notes, but that is on me and my bed, so kind of kicking things off. I was looking at proposals that have passed since the last call we had the provider incentive pilot, which we talked about. It was actually on chain while we had this last call which tasks and then also kudos to the folks doing the developer onboarding proposal via zealing that passed as well. So excited to see what comes of that.

Scott Hewitson: And from discussions there wasn't anything major that I saw and then from the Discord chat. It's not too Lively. But sometimes we get a questions a few answers. I think today we can kind of talk about obviously the provider incentives program and where we're at with that since the proposal is passed and I'll pass that over to Cheng in a minute and then as always we can open it up to community members if you have Any questions concerns or just want to jump on your soapbox and talk about economics. So with that Cheng if you don't mind you could give us a little.

Scott Hewitson: quick recap with where we're at with the PIP phase one phase one is the only one that went on chain and passed so we can just talk to that or if anyone has questions about the other phases we can talk about that as well.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I'll go through and talk about phase one real quick and touch on the others and we can open up for discussion from there. phase one past resoundingly and of course it's been great since then, prices have appreciated thus far the market I think is responded the economics environment I think is improving. So we'll see, it's going really well. We have thus far engaged to Providers one and that's already existing one. So we work with both of these before as soon as the information is finalized. We'll of course communicated to everyone publicly but we are throws of getting those resources signed and spun up and I think it's now coming on starting to come online. I think yesterday a bunch of h100 came online. So I don't know if anyone saw that the latest and is located in Quebec and Canada, and so we're starting to get all those fun up. So in terms of the resources that we

Cheng Wang: Be targeted based on the discussions there a 100s a6000 and 40 80s or 40 90s. Excuse me. We are getting all those spun them is just gonna take a little bit of time to nail all those things down. and really looking forward to it. I think the resources are all we currently in terms of pace as far as the allocation the budget goes for phase one we spend about I would say 60% year marked about committed committed about 60% of the phase one budget ready to these resources some have come online some are in the process of coming online. And so there's still a little bit of ways to go as far as finding the additional resources that we want to Target. So that's phase one.

Cheng Wang: Phase two is still in design the stuff around that we were talking about it internally in amongst according yesterday the composition of that and the execution and especially operation of it it's gonna be challenging for sure because it's not on chain deck stuff right where we're doing it fairly manually to start. So there's that and then phase three obviously will be a little bit more kin to phase one. So low on the operational load and just gonna be more so on the back end work that the core team has been doing

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that update with Pip. Yeah, does anyone have any questions or concerns or anything else? They'd like to know about provider incentives Andrew. There we go. I got my man and asking questions.

Cheng Wang: a price of PR

Scott Hewitson: He's here to keep us all honest,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Not just a quick question and…

Scott Hewitson: and I love it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: maybe I missed it somewhere on the previous six for this h100 so I saw them on the stats do we have clients to use them? do we have some will use cases that are gonna on board and we will see that they are already released or something that

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so the resource I think just came online yesterday. And so we do have some organizations that are looking to use them already. And so we're gonna get that spun up. That's number one. And number two is we have some Partners who I don't want to necessarily announce you get in and I say Partners likely but we're working with a couple of companies on the kind of client side who are developing toolkits themselves to enable fashion appointment and all that kind of stuff, right? And so

Cheng Wang: They're integrating Akash as we speak and we'll make a caution Network an option for people who are using, what they're building on top of just the raw machines themselves, And so once that comes online, we should see a lot of these things fill up. So as far as in my head what I know, I think they're at least two to four two for sure and probably four if not five very high potential use cases for these machines. We definitely won't have them up online running, vacant right? Because we haven't really pushed it out. And so once Step One have these resources set to connect them with the folks who we know already working on connecting them. And so that's really in progress step three is work on the partners where I guess

Cheng Wang: Yeah, Partners those just say who need these resources and continue develop them so they can use them and the final bit would be to not the final bit. But the next thing is advertise, right really promote this as soon as we know the resources are stable and tested up online running all that kind of good stuff.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Some got it. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Does anyone have any other questions regards to the pit or one phase two? Yeah, we got some background chatter. There's a TV and Cheng's background.

Scott Hewitson: awesome Yeah, I mean I don't know if we have a ton to talk about on this call. I did want to call out a few folks. I see b s I believe you've come out on a couple of these calls and then I see moss business so welcome to you folks, if you want to introduce yourself feel free. If not, also that's fine. And we're always looking to having people join these calls, we get a ton of great ideas out of these calls from coming from wherever so yeah Andrew, what's up?

Andrew Gnatyuk: If this one more question to clarify, so if I understand correctly, we are incentivizing the providers when their gpus got least right not when they just go on the market.

Cheng Wang: no, so for phase one because for phase one the way we're doing it is we go to the providers for these high-end resources and we sign long contracts with them and then pay them for it. So in this particular instance, we cannot just say hey put these resources on a caution and we'll pay you if there's usage we have to commit to it and it's just one of those things where it's a chicken and egg challenge, right? We have to have those resources online in order to continue to attract the use cases that come on a caution Network and grow the network. So that directly answers your question there. And so the other part what that means is because they are already being paid.

Cheng Wang: Contract right? So then whatever that gets generated to those particular wallets, as far as least Revenue that will cycle back and go back towards the community pool. So it's kind of like all this virtuous cycle, So let's just say I'm a data center, I sign a contract with overclock Labs because we have to be the entity to face off against someone to sign a contract right for hundred thousand dollars for whatever resources right? Overclock Labs through the community pool pays me a hundred thousand. I'm good. I don't care what happens you can use it you cannot use it when those resources get used. It goes into a wallet that ultimately we'll require those providers to send the funds back to us and it's all on chain and public and auditable so they can't really, do anything squarely and get away with it. So once those funds come back into the wallets ultimately at the end of everything will aggregate at do all the accounting and the reporting to show the community. Hey, here's what the usage was Etc. And then the

Cheng Wang: access will be of course sent back to the community pool. So that's for phase one phase two will be a little bit different in that. Yeah face-to phase two be a little bit different because it'll be more free for all and open to everyone in the community who has, resources that meet the requirements and so they'll be essentially the same thing. They'll be paid for those resources and uptime right as functions of how we calculate and then

00:10:00

Cheng Wang: For that. I think the guidance will be since you're getting provider incentive to just have these resources online, you're essentially being paid for it anywhere regardless of usage. There will be I think requirements for prices. So you can't essentially egregiously double dip, So let's say the market can bear four dollars per hour. We would likely have that price push down, right if you're already getting some sort of compensation from the pool, but we were so ironing that out in detail.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, and go ahead and Moss business.

Moss Business: Hey, can you hear me? Okay. Awesome.

Scott Hewitson: Yep can hear you good?

Cheng Wang: on the clear

Moss Business: I'm a small content creator. So I just have kind of a discovery question. Mostly interested in are there any sigs where a discussion around security like Security in the Akash Network would be discussed appropriate.

Cheng Wang: Security in what sense from a deployment sense from a blockchain side of things deployment side of things.

Moss Business: Correct. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yes, so I would say Sig providers might be where you want to go for that. So when you say security it's kind of like if I deploy something is my deployment secure is the provider trustworthy and all those kind of things So I think for that particular thing, we have one of the first features we started working on has been one provider thanks to you for dropping us. So the auditing right the ability for providers themselves to audit workloads that are running on their machines so that They can then adhere to their own local jurisdictions and requirements. Whatever those are right. So for example, if someone comes in and deploys.

Cheng Wang: I don't know if Kim Jong-un wants that deploy some workload on to Andrew's machine and Andrew's beholden by law to prohibit those types of things as a provider. He should be able to crawl through and see what's actually running and secure himself, right? that's one part. Another part is then how much can the provider see or cannot see that's another component of it and a final part of it is on So this is from the tenant side if I deploy an image and that image is open and public right? I'm less likely to want to push forward.

Cheng Wang: Push excuse me proprietary stuff that I've worked on because I don't want someone to just steal my secret sauce, And so provide then Secrets right is another important thing. how can I as a tenant secure my Docker image so that someone can't just easily go in and look at what I'm deploying. So those are all things that are being worked on. If you look at in our community board that Huey just drop there and you click into projects like the product engineering roadmap in there. You'll be able to see the items that I just talked about in great detail and all the kind of discussion history and development history associated with each

Moss Business: Thanks so much. That's a exact conversation that I was interested in was the tenant security securing a Docker and the ability per provider to look inside of the container and stuff like that. So I'll definitely take that combo to the sake the providers say that you mentioned.

Cheng Wang: For sure, and then follow along in me and the GitHub it's all open. So if you want to look like in history the development Pace what's been done? What hasn't been done what's on whom that stuff should all be fairly transparent there. If not, just hit us up in one of the things we're working groups. And Community will be more than happy to talk about it. And if you have a question just drop into one of those groups in Discord paying the question and off you go.

Moss Business: Thank you so much.

Cheng Wang: Pleasure. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that question Moss business and thank you for joining the calls. when I was at East Denver I get a lot of questions right all these projects doing kind of the same thing as you guys what sets you apart and I truly believe that something that sets us apart is this open framework where everything is being built in the open? Everyone can verify everything everyone can jump into any call and see what we're talking about? it's pretty awesome. And if you've been in crypto for a while, everything's open source, and the folks that go down that route end up having success where some of the closed systems may not have as much. So I just want to add that little tidbit because it was something fresh at East Denver. I was just there last week. But yeah. so

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: said

Scott Hewitson: what that does anyone else have any other questions? I mean we can move along from the Pips stuff. Does anyone have any questions just regarding anything or any ideas or things that you might want to see moving forward chain?

Cheng Wang: Yeah, it's not Andrew No, so I think the one thing that I want I wanted to exactly what you mentioned regarding what you've observed in East Denver and everything. You said regarding our open framework. I want to emphasize to this group and everyone can do their parts and smaller big however, it is right is there's there as this space in right continues to develop there will be and there are and have been a lot of attempted copy cats where people who want to go into the space because that sector is hot. It's kind of like defiles hot.

Cheng Wang: through the nose, there's so many networks out there. I don't even care anymore with some stuff like I use what I use. I know what I know. I really don't care about the other stuff. It's just all kind of like the regurgitation of the same idea over and over again having said that there will also be a lot of potential projects and projects that come out that are Very vague not transparent we'll make claims and not back them up all that kind of stuff. Right? And for here at Akash, everything is open. We can't hide behind b s right if it's out there it's out there and we have to just kind of deal with whatever the actual realities of it are. So I think for us as a community everyone here if you can do one thing that'll be incredibly helpful is if we can all do our part in this spelling.

Cheng Wang: False information misinformation that's being spread about a cost potentially out there wherever Twitter Etc where people say this versus the other and just to let you guys know in our conversations with even funds right who are interested in taking a position on a caution and stuff like that. They come to the core team and ask questions. Hey, how do you differentiate between yourself and project XY project Z whatever it is, right and I have to tell you.

Cheng Wang: The level of sophistication of research from these funds oftentimes. I would say 80 to 90% of the time is pretty poor. if I were a professor grading these assignments, I would probably give them a d to be kind like they should be able to distinguish these things and I think part of the challenges the information isn't readily necessarily out there as loudly and as frequently as we can hope so, I want to definitely ask everyone whenever you can have the opportunity to say something like hey, here's some information.'s whatever here's what I see, back it up with facts and just continue to push that out there and not get into the kind of the Tit for top on vague. Yes, right. So That's the PSA I have.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that ng. Yeah, as you dropping a cheeky note that we can't hide behind you b s your name is BS so, said that throw that out there. Does anyone else have any ideas or concerns or comments in regards to get economics or the token or how things are running? Yes, that's right.

Scott Hewitson: doesn't look like we have any there is. Go for it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, That's me. I've missed you. So let's meet you all so let's talk.

Scott Hewitson: All right.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, just a question. you do fraction to memory. Where are we right now with the attached economics 2.0?

Scott Hewitson: 2.0. Let's see. We've done let me just pull this up real quick. did

Scott Hewitson: so we got take rates implemented right we've got

Scott Hewitson: I'm just pulling up everything on this. So the

Andrew Gnatyuk: Take her and make her face, right? Okay, and

Scott Hewitson: Yes, those are not flowing to stakers yet that all flows to the community pool. So, something that will need, there's the incentive distribution pool planned and that kind of is like the pool for everything. And then from there it goes out to public goods fun providers and is staking potentially burning and then community pool. So right now, In the interest of Simplicity, We've done those take rates to the community pool. Obviously the community pool has been the source of funding for a lot of great initiatives and

00:20:00

Scott Hewitson: it really just is a bottleneck of engineering efforts. We've got a million things going on. So implementing all of this stuff from akt 2.0 is takes time and it kind of shuffles with importance, when we have something for an engineering task. That's the higher priority that gets pushed up probably simply because we're having success. from the economics side and being able to do everything that we need to do is but yeah, I mean there's a lot of things from it, I think. let me just pull up because I want to say the token page on the website has.

Scott Hewitson: The five things so the main features make it take fees stable payment and settlement those both are live, the incentive distribution pool that is not provider subsidies kind of with this prop and in the public goods fund which is kind of like the community pool. So I'd say it's a Technically two out of five live, but you could probably say a half from some of the other so maybe two and a half to three out of five complete and we're effectively, working most of them are complete but there's some engineering efforts that we that go behind Those modules of creating the different pools and all that other stuff. I hope that that helps any of those little bit of a ramble as I was going back and forth through resources.

Cheng Wang: That was great I think one thing that I would love to add to that is.

Cheng Wang: Of the primary features that contribute most to akt 2.0 those have been done. Right? So the take fee being the primary element of it that in and of itself I think is the biggest economics to be frank like the incentive distribution pool and the sub pools. I suppose below that those are all kind of counting stuff like operational things. That'll be nice to segregate going forward when things can be more tidally organized by potential by group and use case. So that's kind of a nice to have at this very moment in time as the community pool and fun continues to grow that will become more important later on because we don't want to have one big bag of money in the community pool slashing around then the mandates aren't that clear Etc though? We've I think work really hard in terms of when proposals the sequ.

Cheng Wang: Of getting things up on GitHub discussion answering questions and then on chain Etc writing all these things out. I think we've been really good at that. So that's what I want to say. what we've done so far are the most important things that enable economics 2.0 to start running and that has been done the next big things. I think from a feature and usability perspective is some of the behind the scenes stuff then that will make stable payments more useful because right now all the IVC Channel jumping crap, it just makes USC not as usable user friendly as we wanted to be. So that's I think one thing that's currently on the back burner and as he Illustrated when we have enough engineering band with will be tackling that as well. So yeah, and then in terms of the priorities mentioned previously the secret stuff like provider features Discovery, that's another thing that was just pushed out that is a huge blocker that we needed to on unblock in order to have phase two of the pit be possible right because we need to be able to

Cheng Wang: Providers and say what resources have you brought on and be able to see all that stuff in a database and record and all that good stuff. but yeah, I think the progress there as far as the organization of the IDP and accounts a little bit definitely lower priority because it's just organization at that point and the big thing after that is just again here we mentioned distributions of stakers. that's going to be a big piece. But as both I think we can cross that bridge once usage climbs up, Quite significantly, right because I think we're just at the tip of the iceberg at this point as far as usage on the network goes.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah to add to that having the take fees flow to the stakers and validators. I think from a retail perspective that's something that people want that we don't have implemented at the moment but to Cheng's point, There's good Network spend but until it's a point where it's significant. It's like all right, I got my hundredth of a cent, from the take fees for staking a bunch of akt, it's not gonna be as a people aren't going to be like, wow, this is awesome until there is significant network activity Network spend.

00:25:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Got it. Thanks.

Scott Hewitson: first Alrighty, does anyone have any other questions or concern Has anyone want to bring up anything Vlogs? Thanks for jumping in. I don't know if you want to throw any words of wisdom or anything.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I still have one concern. I want to ask chance basically let's See it this way on this bull run.

Scott Hewitson: Okay.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Let's say akt is pumping right? We're not talking about much on the exact prices, But let's say eight ten bucks 15 whatever. Yeah, and it turns from a security talking right for the network the more office speculative talking and let's say we have lots of unsticking or unbonding and let's say our network has just 30% or 20% in staking. because right now we have 60 and before that we have 75.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Is why I was asking about the incentivize for the stakers because at the beginning everybody was like we have great APR and we need to stay because that's just like 380 tokens one. once it's just pumping up, right? But the market shift for example in two years and we will have to deal with with this, lots of tokens just freely looking around the success indexes and that stuff and that's what makes basically concerns me.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I think you…

Cheng Wang: Gotcha.

Scott Hewitson: it's important to note that there's a Min and Max inflation parameters and it's basically the amount that you're gonna get and from staking rewards is dependent on the amount state. So the less

Scott Hewitson: staked there are the staking percentage is gonna be that they're all parameters that can be changed subject to governance and they have been changed with governance proposals. But in general, that in the cosmos ecosystem, the less tokens that are staked the town or balance to that is the staking APR goes up. So if you have everybody staked then it's those rewards of split between those that are stake when there's only three of us staked we're gonna get all of those rewards. So there is that counterbalance to come back that but I definitely understand your concern and some chains even they deal have, low staking percentages and low State bonded percentages and really high aprs and it still doesn't incentivize folks to stake.

Scott Hewitson: So I think that's kind of on the whole network at large to be able to get to a point where we have that big network activity that big Network spend to where ideally, someday most of the rewards that you're getting are from Network spend versus just the inflationary rewards because that everything is in speculative without Revenue coming back from the chain and the network.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Got

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah, I would add to that is.

Cheng Wang: Just as Huey said and I wouldn't necessarily like just zooming out a little bit. I wouldn't.

Cheng Wang: Place too much stock in the micro right now from the day-to-day perspective, because right now the market is still trying to figure out where things are right is akt gonna continue to move one way or the other. I don't know the market will do what the market does and on top of that. There are also governance parameters. We can definitely toggle as well. Right? So the inflation Max and all those kind of things that are things that we can definitely toggle to ensure right to if staking rate Falls below certain perspective and point rather and it becomes an actual concern that is shared by, the core team in the community at large something that as a community everyone right can submit proposals to let's say bump inflation up such that, stakers get a little bit more return right on akt though. I would say if you're holding akt return has been pretty good as play not gonna lie. So the knobs right do exist for us to toggle these

00:30:00

Cheng Wang: Particular things one thing I would have to say is finally on this point. If you look at even though bonded Ray has fallen from the 70 percentage to 60% ish the total value Bond, it has gone up significantly, So the economics S in context it's not just the wall percentage necessarily that matters.

Scott Hewitson: security

Cheng Wang: I would argue that by having 60% Bond date at this point in time. We're more secure now than we were at 75% simply because the value of network is grown so considerably so it's a lot harder to Do stuff.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, the cost to attack in raw numbers has gone up.

Cheng Wang: for sure exactly it exactly

Andrew Gnatyuk: Going agree on that. Okay. Thank you guys.

Scott Hewitson: No, thank you.

Cheng Wang: always good to voice us. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Alrighty, does anyone else have any last thoughts or comments or concerns? Hey,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, yeah, I do like one last question what direction for you? Let's go. Let's

Scott Hewitson: We got some time if you got a couple it's all good.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So the last news from Twitter ionet has raised 300 million to build the largest decentralized GPU Network in the world. And so the AI compute shortage, what's your thought on that? It's basically like GPU Marketplace and Solana. It's not like I'm advocating Savannah right now.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I mean so it was 30 million. Yeah, yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm fully Akashi, I just have this. Yes. It's Because they give it to me and I was just wearing it today. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so no, they congratulations to their team. I think it was 30 million that there is but some prominent backers.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: I mean, everything we do and Greg is pretty outspoken about this. he says anyone who's In the same direction, building for the same long-term goal, it's competition let the protocols, the proof is in the pudding I guess so, it's not that it's a distraction or whatever, we're here to build and we're here to do our thing. if anything it's a validation that people are looking at this there's a need for this and people are putting money behind it. So if anything I think it's good news for Akash that other companies are raising to do what we are already doing.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I mean this is a way thing about it again zooming out a little bit. It's trillion dollar market. Let's just be frank. Right and so there's more than enough space for everyone to Palo Al around and so if let's just say you look at the actual true market leader in this space as far as the cloud space goes right and then GPU space if in AMD for example is no slouch and they're still kicking but even though Nvidia is dominating sucking most of the oxygen out of the room, If AWS despite their market dominance is your and gcp are still tremendous players in their own, So there's why I say that only to say the market is very big and it's ripe or people to come in and try to see what they can do and more attention on the space is always a good thing. What I would say is, we've historically shy away from intentionally avoid the language big is fast, whatever it is, right because it's all qualifiers and highly subjective stuff right and again,

Cheng Wang: The best represent putting right and so we'll see and the market is big enough for many companies to thrive and it's just about getting product Market fit and getting adoption all this kind of stuff. So yeah, it's good to see the space growing. I would just say do your own research, open systems. all of our information is out there information on a lot of the other companies projects, excuse me. Just don't exist.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep, totally agree.

Scott Hewitson: awesome

Cheng Wang: and it's cute for them, too. I would just say, we're pretty serious a just saying.

Scott Hewitson: There's Andrew have any other questions he'd like to ask. But awesome.

Andrew Gnatyuk: No, I'm good.

Scott Hewitson: Again, as always it's a pleasure to have these calls pleasure to hear everyone's thoughts. And yeah, I think we can wrap up and As was since he's here. We'll see all in the metaverse.

00:35:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. you…

Rodrigo Rochin: See you.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye. Thank.

Scott Hewitson: Take care. wedding

Robert Del Rey: You guys thanks.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I guess.

Robert Del Rey: Scott & Cheng.

Cheng Wang: There on thank you. just

Robert Del Rey: All right.

Scott Hewitson: Have a good one.

Meeting ended after 00:35:16 👋
