# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #16

## Agenda
- Updates since last monthly sig-economics meeting.
- Updates on provider incentives.
- Open discussions on recent proposals and events
- Open up to community for ideas or concerns.

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, May 01, 2024
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

- Adam Wozney
- Cheng Wang
- Joe Deng
- Nick Merrill
- Scott Hewitson
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn
- Zeke E

## Meeting Notes
### Introduction and Updates
#### Scott Hewitson
- Opening remarks, welcoming everyone to the meeting.
- Mentioned the longevity of the meetings, reaching double digits, and the usual format of covering previous discussions, proposals, updates, and open discussion.
- Invites participants to share any proposals or updates since the last meeting.
- Updates on community pool spend, specifically mentioning praetor Acquisitions and their commitment to open sourcing their code.
- Indicates no significant funding requests or discussions, mostly early stage talks.
- Asks Tyler for any pertinent discussions or funding requests related to sig economics.
- Transition to reviewing discussions and proposals from the last month's call.

###  Recap from Last Meeting
#### Scott Hewitson
- Clarifies that note-taking responsibilities have been delegated to community members as part of bounties.
- Provides updates from last month's meeting, mentioning discussions on provider incentives, GPU capacity fluctuations, scheduled maintenance, praetor acquisition, and Coinbase learn and earn program.
- Reports 500,000 activations for the Coinbase learn and earn program.
- Mentions a large governance proposal discussed during the meeting.
- Encourages attendees to check out meeting notes on GitHub for detailed information.
- Passes the floor to Cheng for any updates before addressing his own agenda item.

### Updates from Cheng
- Provides updates on Coinbase Learn program, mentioning that approximately 98% of the 500,000 users who completed the Akash quest were new to AKT.
- Reports on the first pilot for provider incentives, stating that approximately $1.5 million of the allocated budget has been spent, with the remaining balance between four and a half to five million dollars.
- Mentions upcoming staking quest integration and plans for the next campaign, which will include deeper engagement with Akash tools like Chat or SCXology.
- Indicates that the first campaign will continue for continuity before transitioning to the second campaign.
### Discussions on Community Pool Spending and Provider Incentives
- Scott Hewitson: Discusses transparency regarding community pool spending and provider incentives.
- Cheng Wang: Reports approximately $3.5 million spent from the original pool, with over a million dollars remaining for phase one of the incentives.
- Scott Hewitson: Plans to introduce a dashboard or tracker for provider incentives to enhance transparency.
- Cheng Wang: Provides details on GPU provider diversity and ongoing conversations.
- Tyler Wright: Shares a discussion from the forum about engaging a content writer to promote finance listings, seeks input for Sig Design meeting.
- Zach Horn: Offers to review the proposal and suggests further action once more information is available.
- Scott Hewitson: Acknowledges the potential for exposure to retail investors through community initiatives like "akt to the moon" on CoinGecko.
- Scott Hewitson: Thanks Tyler for bringing attention to the discussion.
### Proposed Tenant Incentives Program
- Scott Hewitson: Introduces his idea for tenant incentives, inspired by two-sided marketplaces like Uber, and proposes utilizing the upcoming network upgrade to implement the program.
- Zach Horn: Offers insights on the proposed tenant incentives program, suggesting a crawl-walk-run approach and emphasizing the importance of quick implementation and testing.
- Scott Hewitson: Acknowledges Zach's input and agrees on the importance of moving quickly with the implementation.
- Zach Horn: Expands on the idea of integrating the tenant incentives program into the Akash website as a user-friendly option for newcomers.
- Cheng Wang: Comments on the technical challenges and the efforts of the engineering team in enabling features like authz within the Akash network.
- Nick: Raises a point regarding the technical considerations and expresses appreciation for the engineering team's efforts.

### CosmosWasm for Potential Implementation of Tenant Incentives
- Nick Merrill: Suggests considering CosmosWasm for potential implementation of tenant incentives and highlights its benefits in terms of ease of use and auditing.
- Scott Hewitson: Confirms the absence of cosmoswasm or smart contract functionality in Akash and discusses Greg's stance on increasing the attack surface of the network's codebase.
- Cheng Wang: Agrees with Greg's approach and emphasizes the importance of a well-proven and bulletproof use case before considering integration of smart contracts.
- Nick Merrill: Advocates for CosmosWasm, highlighting its battle-tested nature and cost-effectiveness in smart contract auditing.
- Scott Hewitson: Reflects on the evolution of CosmosWasm and acknowledges the initial concerns around smart contracts in the ecosystem.
- Nick Merrill: Discusses the stigma associated with smart contracts and emphasizes the need for cautious consideration in their implementation.
- Scott Hewitson: Encourages Nick to share any further ideas or suggestions on GitHub discussions for broader community input.

### Akash console 2.0
- Cheng Wang: Discusses the ongoing discussions within the core team regarding the development of Akash console 2.0, focusing on the integration of cloudmos back into the platform and the implementation of features such as payment via credit card.
- Scott Hewitson: Provides context on the upcoming authZ fix and its implications for console 2.0, explaining how it will streamline transactions and facilitate credit card payments.
- Cheng Wang: Expands on the potential workflows enabled by the authZ fix, emphasizing its role in removing barriers to transactions and improving user experience.
- Scott Hewitson: Highlights the significance of the authZ fix in preventing issues such as unused funds in leases, expressing excitement for its implementation.
### Other Matters Discussed
- Nick Merrill introduces DAO tooling for the Cosmos ecosystem, highlighting cross-chain functionality and sub-DAOs.
- Scott Hewitson discusses challenges with community spend props and explores the concept of vesting schedules for props.
- Nick Merrill shares information about Polytonic as a potential solution for implementing vesting schedules without requiring a Cosmos SDK upgrade.
- The team expresses interest in exploring Polytonic further and discusses its potential integration into the Akash network.
- Scott Hewitson emphasizes the importance of open and collaborative discussions within the community.
- The meeting concludes with appreciation for Nick's insights and a reminder to continue exploring potential collaborations and innovations.
## Action Items
- Tyler Wright: Follow up with the content writer found on Discord regarding participation in the Sig Design meeting.
- Zach Horn: Review the proposal shared by Tyler and provide feedback or further action as necessary.
- Scott Hewitson: Explore potential collaboration with community initiatives such as "akt to the moon" on CoinGecko for retail exposure.
- Scott Hewitson and Zach Horn: Collaborate on creating a type form for tenant incentives using authz and consider integration into the website as a deployment option.
- Scott Hewitson & Cheng Wang: Initiate discussion with the engineering team regarding the technical feasibility and implementation of the tenant incentives program.
- Nick Merrill: Collaborate on putting forth a proposal in the discussion forum regarding the implementation of vesting schedules.
# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Scott Hewitson: All right, GM everybody those that are here and those that may be listening have another time today is another installment of big economics. I know we're in a double digits now, we've been having these for quite a while so It's been fun. Usually how we go with. These are cover a little bit from the last meeting and then go to any discussions any live proposals and talk about any of those kind of things and then you usually have a few agenda items usually some things to update folks on some of the programs we got going on and then we usually open it up to trick questions or ideas or basically anything goes for anyone that wants to bring up Has any great ideas so with that?

Scott Hewitson: Let's go some proposals since the last call. I think the only School community pool spend was for the pretor Acquisitions just a FY FYI on that one. Pray tower all their code and everything's gonna be open source similar to how the cloud most one happened as well. If anyone has any questions on that we can dive it more into that. From the discussion side. It's quite a few I haven't seen anything really like anyone looking for funds. It's kind of just like early discussions. So I don't think we have anything we want to touch on their Thai. Let me know if there's any discussions that you think would be pertinent to talking about instigate economics. And then let's go to last months.

Scott Hewitson: call Actually, so I was doing the notes for these we just started last month. Where I'm not gonna be doing a community members can be doing that as part of bounties may not be up yet from last call. Yeah, okay it is yeah, so we talked a little bit about provider incentives a little bit updates there, Andrew G our favorite question guys asking about the fluctuations in GPU capacity and there's a small complaint about that. I was just like some scheduled maintenance. So no issues. We talked about the traitor acquisition and a little bit about the coinbase learn and earn. I want to say up to this point. There's been about 500,000 activations meaning 500,000 people have used the Earth done the learn so it's just getting more exposure out there.

Scott Hewitson: That was quite a large governance proposal that came up. And yeah, I mean nothing you need. Those are high level points anyone's welcome to check out the meeting notes in GitHub. We record and have transcripts of all these meetings in case you missed one. So feel free with that. I think I'm gonna pass it over to Cheng if there's any updates that you'd like to talk about and then I know I have something I wanted to bring out after.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, for We can keep it fairly Dynamic. Thank you Huey for the great introduction as always in recap. The first thing is with what you mentioned previously and Zach feel free to timing. If you'd like for coinbase urn of the 500 or so thousand folks who have completed. I think one of the biggest Community questions has been how many new wallets or users And when we say users it's kind of a proxy for wallets, right because on chain, you can really track walls to users not necessarily it's not yet. It's fairly Anonymous there but the proxy there on coinbase at least is over. I would say approximately 98% of those 500,000 wallets that have completed the earn Quest had not held akt in their wallets before so with an indicates is that the vast majority of folks who have completed the earn Quest at least a cautious are in quest. We're not at least

Cheng Wang: Years of akt previously and now we do have people who are at least a lot more familiar with who we are in a sensibly a little bit wiser about what Akash does who we are and our place in the decentralized marketplace as well as independ. So there's that primary thing as far as provider incentives go a quick report on that which is We did. What? Is it the first pilot for provider incentives and thus far to date we avoid approximately. Let me put a pin in there real quick for coinbase learner and we've spent approximately 1.5 million of the original allocated budget as far as dollar terms. Of course that's kind of cemented now, right because those have been spent and the remaining akt currently sitting there because of the broad Market just

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Oopsia, shall we say over the last couple days and week or so that the remaining balance is approximately between four and a half and five million dollars that remains as far as the budget goes. So thus far has been pretty good what's coming online next is going to be staking Quest as soon as that gets completed for caution thing that ETA should be relatively soon. The requisite teams are currently working on that technical integration. And so of course, we'll make an announcement when that what's taking goes live. We expect to keep the first campaign running for a little bit just to have some continuity and then we pull things down and revamp for phase two or second Campaign which will include a little bit more, deeper diving into a cost tools like a chat or scxology probably chat. So that's kind of where we are today with coimbase earn with regards to provider incentives. We've thus far your marks. Not your Market, excuse me, but committed

Scott Hewitson: Awesome. Thank you for that update. There's definitely a lot of things going on from the provider incentives and you in I think we had said anything we do with the community pool.

Cheng Wang: approximately 3.5 million dollars of the original poolâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: We want as much transparency as we legally can give so I anticipate before the next call.

Cheng Wang: thus far with a little over a million dollars remaining for phase one of the incentivesâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: We'll have some kind of dashboard orâ€¦

Cheng Wang: where reserved the committed side of the pool andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: some just kind of tracker for the provider incident inside. So people can see they can look on chain stuff andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: that's brought on I think close to a hundred forty nineties over I think 60 H 100sâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: then see where we're at and provide all the information that we can as we should be because this is all public goods funding.

Cheng Wang: same amount of a 100 I think some a6000s as well in addition to some requisite support around that

Scott Hewitson: So I think at this point, is there anyone before I go into this little idea that I've had does anyone want to bring up any ideas any thoughts literally anything goes as long as it's related to economics.

Cheng Wang: High-end storage. So those are kind of where the funds thus far have gone to and they've gone to predominantly two or two providers and were of course trying to find more to diversify the offering andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: I know Andrew's not here to ask his good one question,â€¦

Cheng Wang: those conversations are ongoing andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: but hi,â€¦

Cheng Wang: as they kind of emerge andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: we'll give it to you.

Cheng Wang: as additional spend gets allocated will be reporting on that andâ€¦

Tyler Wright: Hey, real quick. And sorry if you can't hear me that clearlyâ€¦

Cheng Wang: in the coming weeks.

Tyler Wright: but there is a discussion on that.

Cheng Wang: So all that stuff is coming together and obviously as the resources are committed you see the Wednesday resources as the spend is committed you'll see the gpus counts as well as the specific models that we talked about in The Proposal come online.

Tyler Wright: I just want to shout out and I responded already Forum. It seems like a Content writer that's coming from the angle of trying to get Finance listing and all that kind of stuff. So I've tried to reach out to him privately and see if they would join this meeting orâ€¦

Cheng Wang: back to you in The Newsroom, Erie

Tyler Wright: join the Sig design meeting, but I just want to share that strategy that somebody put in discussions around basically, trying to get towards so I just want to put that out there and see if anybody here wants to contribute to discussion or presentation to sick design because they're more of a Content writer.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Zach Horn: I'll take a look Ty have you spoken to them directly. Do you have any direct contact outside of the discussion or is that the first thing we've heard from them at this point?

Tyler Wright: I found a Discord and I ping them and I have not heard back yet. But I also put that message in the public GitHub. So when I hear something I will connect you.

Zach Horn: Sounds good. I'll take a look at the proposal in the meantime. And let's go from there.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so some I'll say I saw. It two hours ago. So, I don't know if I use coin gecko usually but I'm coin market cap. I think coin gecko has a two there, on the right hand side. They're trying to do community stuff or it's like akt to the moon or this that or the other so I mean, it does seem a little bit more on the retail side, which is fine. we need to exposure retail and actual users deployers providers. So yeah, we'll see what comes of it but Thanks for thank you for calling that out time. Appreciate it.

00:10:00

Scott Hewitson: All Does anyone else have anything else they'd like to Got some Joe thanks for joining Nick. I know your camera off don't feel like you need to say anything or whatever, but if you'd like to feel free, it's a very open forum. All right. It's a human.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, no, that's great. thank you for coming and if there's something you want to ask, feel free and Discord or here we try to make all these calls as open as possible. Make sure that everybody feels welcome and feels like their voice can be heard. So appreciate you coming in. All right, I think.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, so if no one has anything else they'd like to bring up. I've kind of had this idea for a little while. Now we've talked about provider incentives a two-sided Marketplace. So, we haven't support incentivizing the provider side but I also think we should look at the tenant side if you look at Uber or any other two-sided Marketplace and web they're to get drivers on board, they incentivize it but then to get your first ride get 20 bucks off. I think that's something that we should go after a little bit.

Scott Hewitson: Especially when if we can make it easier for people to pay with akt or they don't have to get akt. So this network upgrade that I believe is tomorrow. It passed on chain is it a part of it is it fixes off Z, which is a mechanism to basically you can authorize funds from a large wallet for someone to use as deployment funds rather than sending them for funds.

Scott Hewitson: In the past from overclock side. We've done some campaigns in the past using oxy with also done some tenant style campaigns. The reason I like autzee is because you authorize someone's wallet to deploy but they don't actually have the funds so it's not like hey, here's a hundred bucks and then they go to osmosets and dump it right away. That's always been kind of a little bit of a point that we are something that we have to be aware of so.

Scott Hewitson: My idea for tenant incentives is once the fixed happens. Basically we say hey, all right, we want to put up, 50 hundred k, whatever the number is. I probably start small and then it would all be through autzee. We could have an easy type form where people say, here's my address. Here's what I'm deploying catch a little bit of information and then we can regularly. on Z folks to deploy I think that. Zeke what's up?

Scott Hewitson: No, I think that could definitely be a better case. I mean I tend to like the crawl walk run models where it's like, being able to do stuff that doesn't scale is easier to the start. Yeah. I know I'll see faucet that'd be awesome. So how I Envision it is basically, once a week go into a type form from whoever owns the wallet and then just copy paste all the addresses and I'll see them, whatever the number 1,000 bucks orâ€¦

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: I'll go ahead Zach.

Scott Hewitson: â€¦

Zach Horn: The Hot Potato everyone wanted to jump in right away.

Scott Hewitson: you can obviously any amount and then just weekly any new ads andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: the other one. So everyone gets a reality of 1000 bucks every month or whatever and the program ends when all the money is gone. So, youâ€¦

Zach Horn: Here's my thought just based on hearing that I think it's a great idea so essentially it's a free tier like it's the way other large Cloud providers.

Zach Horn: When you come in you set up an account you get some amount of credit to test,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: there's I thought about a few ways to gain this and whatnot anticipate to put a little

Zach Horn: on another ones without naming names. I know it's like 300 dollars I think is the standard.

Scott Hewitson: Discussion andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: GitHub to kind of collate all the thoughts andâ€¦

Zach Horn: We could do something like that.

Zach Horn: And I also agree on just moving quickly.

Scott Hewitson: everything I'm thinking aboutâ€¦

Zach Horn: So it's like what's the lightest easiest way that we can just get this up andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: but yeah, I definitely think we should be hitting it from both sides though.

Zach Horn: running and test it and just see what the response is.

Zach Horn: I think the way you described it is probably right. It's like type form, we publicize it get people want to useâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: There's my Huey Alpha for the day Zeke.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks for that input.

Zach Horn: if they do they can come in andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: Does anyone else have anything they'd like to add orâ€¦

Zach Horn: fill out the form we all see and then we can get a sense ofâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: any ideas orâ€¦

Zach Horn: what people are deploying and what the usages.

Scott Hewitson: Also open to hey,â€¦

Zach Horn: long term something that we might want to think about is Yes,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: that's a stupid idea. You should be doing it like this. go ahead and

Zach Horn: Zeke's Comment. You're down the road. Yeah, or maybe even sooner because my thought is if it works and we like the mechanism what we could do is essentially integrated into the website. So it's one of your options to get started. So it's essentially like you land on the website. You say you want to deploy you go and you can see deployments that you can do on the network. You can set up your own deployment with your own akt, if you're ready to really jump in or you can use what would essentially be this free tier to test it out really quickly because that's one of the big pain points. I think with using a caution generals you see it.

Cheng Wang: Was not originally envisaged with it doesn't come standard within the cosmos SDK. So there had to be, a brand new workaround that the core team specifically Archer had to work on to Really enable this particular feature because I don't think we not see was created. It had in mind right with deployments and everything like that on a caution network is more so around staking and enabling other defy things which are a lot more. Deterministic, I guess and simple it's like hey, you do this action this thing occurs and it's a lot more financially undoing the thing. So I just want to say that and Shout out engineering team. I'll put a pin in and go for Nick.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, so I'm not to be overly self-serving but I'm a doubt-out developer. And we've had our own kind of ought Z struggles. Let's say and I think this is the kind of use case. I think that this makes a lot of sense. This is the kind of use case. I feel like it may be easier to do in contracts with cosmosem. And you I don't remember if Akash has cosmosom deployed. But if that's a route you want to go down we can definitely talk about that in a separate doubt out conversation for Implement and implementation standpoint because I find mucking around with the cosmos SDK can be often more pain than it's

Cheng Wang: yeah, that's

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I know we do not have cosmosem or any smart contract functionality. So the mother folks have asked for that kind of functionality for other various things. But yeah, I know I'd be interesting to see that implementation and how difficult that would be or I know Greg in the past I think in one steering committee. He said that he doesn't want smart contracts on Akash,â€¦

Cheng Wang: Yes. Specifically there andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: but I mean, everything's evolving.

Cheng Wang: think I agree with Greg's point is it's not that no smart contracts on a cost. But if we're going to increase the attack surface on a cost Network's code base. It's got to be very definitive when we can't just be a single use case or something like that. It's got to be something well proven and anyways, open discussion or so anybody can chime in and pitch in with ideas there and it's not to say we wouldn't integrate laws and more or other smart contracts and into cost Network code base, but it's got to be pretty Rock Solid and bulletproof use case for us to definitely consider that especially just give in the development and trajectory, right?

00:20:00

Cheng Wang: Training models fine tuning Etc and just all the workloads are currently being hosting We're really moving towards right higher-end workloads more Mission critical stuff and high production value workloads, right? That's so Insurance security decreasing not expanding attack surface on necessarily all super important for the network overall.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I totally agree, from the attack surface point of view. It's one of these things where depending on what changes if any you need to make to the SDK. Sometimes we find Smart contracts are easier and cheaper to audit,

Cheng Wang: Yeah.

Nick Merrill: whatever changes you maybe the goed but it just depends on the use case, and also the other thing about this too is from a cost perspective, Oak doing a smart contract audit is way cheaper, often then doing a bunch of go code Audits and if you're just talking about a vanilla cosmoism, and then a permission smart contract deploy where the contracts have been audited, Cosmos is pretty battle tested at this point. There's a lot of pvl and in just vanilla cause them and endowed out contracts and whatever so it's like I hear you I do think that there's a legit security trade off there, but I can advocate for Cosmos.

Nick Merrill: despite my own skepticism. I can advocate for Cosmos itself being fine,

Scott Hewitson: That's great context and I know as a cosmosom came up like it's been around for what two years now year and a half. I know at the beginning people were kind of worried about it or causing laws on the Hub and all this stuff. But yeah to your point. I think it's getting to a point where it's kind of battle tested.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, I mean I think people hear smart contracts and they think this is gonna be permissionless. Anyone can upload a smart contract scenario andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Nick Merrill: I think that that is often likeâ€¦

Cheng Wang: exactly

Nick Merrill: where a lot of the hesitation comes around. people stargaze

Cheng Wang: the same ethereum

Scott Hewitson: For Just too much PTSD from all these rug pulls on ethereum,â€¦

Nick Merrill: Yeah, exactly,

Scott Hewitson: .

Scott Hewitson: So no, that's a great point. honestly if you have any ideas or feel free to bring it up in discussion. So Nick if you're not aware kind of we do redirect folks to or GitHub discussions, they kind of bring up ideas or ideas for gov props when they want to see funding or just ideas in general. So I would encourage you if you have any ideas like that to drop it in there. Alright Cheng beat me to it.

Nick Merrill: Awesome on it. Thanks.

Scott Hewitson: awesome Yeah, so anything else anyone wants to bring up?

Cheng Wang: yeah, sorry I've not the idea but we put a pin in. So the core team has been kind of discussing what console 2.0 ultimately, cost console 2.0 would look like and of course now that when we say console 2.0 that incorporates the

Cheng Wang: merging of cloud most back into a cost console and having the deployment natively, of course via Kepler and all that stuff is always going to be there the permissionless side. But of course, there's going to be the free tier stuff that we have to consider the stateful interface where people have to create a login and all that kind of stuff and all that is to enable ultimately at some point in time. Hopefully in the near future payment right credit card payments things like that. So the authy that's been pushed through today can help facilitate pave the way to that and make credit card payments a bit easier. So you can imagine a world where someone comes in let's say right let's say everyone here's is familiar with cryptocurrency changes. You go into an exchange you set up an account, Your account is automatically associated with potentially a bunch of different addresses of assets that the platform support right? So let's say you want to

00:25:00

Cheng Wang: Create an akt deposit address and generous and KT deposit address Associated to your account ID in the cases where memos are needed. I guess Memo's kind of serve similar purpose. And once that's done you can then transact and deposit akt as you wish So you can imagine a case where you create a login if you wish to go through the kind of managed route that login then automatically spins up an akt address on the background and whenever you purchase credits, akt gets all the Z right or us economics gets all these to your account to health facilitate transactions very quickly and that

Cheng Wang: Is one of the potential workflows that it doesn't enable and of course with the push that's being with the fix that is being pushed through and what just about a day from today will enable kind of remove the issue of when you kind of bring in deployment down for whatever reason,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: Yep, and just for anyone who is unaware of how opsy the fix that is happening. So basically the scenario is I ought to zaching a hundred akt he sets up a lease with youâ€¦

Cheng Wang: right, you can't find a suitable lease the funds get returned to your account. So you don't kind of have to continue to auth Z.

Scott Hewitson: and the hundred of that it goes into the escrow account.

Cheng Wang: So that'll really help pave the way for one of the aspects of constant 2.0 as far as enabling beyond our credit card payments.

Scott Hewitson: He makes a mistake or he wants to change something or change providers. So he closes at least after spending five. Akt instead of having 95 akd left over he has zero akt so that's the fix. So yeah, I'm excited for it justâ€¦

Nick Merrill: Yeah, sure. That's

Scott Hewitson: because we did campaigns with it a long time ago, and it was a pain But yeah,â€¦

Nick Merrill: Yeah, I can feel the collaborative space. Yeah, so I'm a core developer of data.

Scott Hewitson: no, Iâ€¦

Nick Merrill: We make a dow tooling for the cosmos ecosystem.

Scott Hewitson: A great discussion. Does anyone else want to bring up anything?

Nick Merrill: We're built on top of cosmosem. All of our smart contracts are written in rest andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: And if not Nickâ€¦

Nick Merrill: we provide interchange doubt tooling.

Scott Hewitson: if you don't mind,â€¦

Nick Merrill: So we make Dowsâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: I know you said you work for orâ€¦

Nick Merrill: where those dowels can execute arbitrary actions on any other chain that supports Cosmos,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: you're doing some dowdow if you wanted to don't feel like you could give everyone a 30 second to a minute on â€¦

Nick Merrill: that down on one chain andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: what you're doing. We're always open to seeingâ€¦

Nick Merrill: it can do stuff on another chain and you can use IBC to send the assets all around andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: what folks are working on and it's a very,â€¦

Nick Merrill: it creates,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: â€¦

Nick Merrill: this cool kind of like cross chain down kind of effect.

Scott Hewitson: collaborative space. So always interested. I know Dao so I mean,â€¦

Nick Merrill: Youâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: it's pretty sweet that you're here. Just out of the blue.

Nick Merrill: we're on a bunch of chains already, we power kind of a dow ogp Juno was governance runs on us and we kind of fancy ourselves like an ex go replacement. yeah, I think that that's kind of probably the 30 second elevator pitch on doubt.

Nick Merrill: Yes, we have that. That's the core feature. that we implemented that for a variety of other people.

Scott Hewitson: I appreciate that and I'm thinking about smart contract andâ€¦

Nick Merrill: We also do core vests with veto flows so you can cancel the vest at any future time through governance orâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: thinking about doubt something that is kind of a pain is when we do have Community spend props,â€¦

Nick Merrill: one and we also have this notion of sub Dow so you can have â€¦

Scott Hewitson: right youâ€¦

Nick Merrill: main governance that can have a committee that committee can be revoked andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: you put up a prop for 50,000 akt andâ€¦

Nick Merrill: you can auth Z authorizations to that committee canvests stuff andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: then you get it right away. a lot of folks, depending on their jurisdictions,â€¦

Nick Merrill: then the parent out andâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: they don't want to get that big chunk right away.

Nick Merrill: cancel the vest or remove that capacity in the future,â€¦

Scott Hewitson: They want to invested over, youâ€¦

Nick Merrill: whatever we do that stuff all

Scott Hewitson: a year or something. are you aware of anyone doing any kind of vesting schedules for props?

Scott Hewitson: If hell, yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Awesome. I think that's I mean for me personally,â€¦

Nick Merrill: Have this other solution called polytone.

Scott Hewitson: that is something that is very interesting.

Nick Merrill: It doesn't require any Cosmos SDK upgrade orâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: Do we need to'd imagine I don't think I see entertain accountsâ€¦

Nick Merrill: to integrate.

Cheng Wang: Do you have any documentation we could check on me?

Nick Merrill: I see. yeah,â€¦

Cheng Wang: This is super cool, man.

Nick Merrill: totally. Let me link to that. Just take me.

Scott Hewitson: because we don't have packet forwarding at the moment.

Cheng Wang: alright

Scott Hewitson: I believe that that's something that would need to be.

00:30:00

Tyler Wright: And the packet forward and stuff as well. We have that as a part of the roadmap. So if you have any thoughts there, that would be greatly appreciated.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, that's right so you can check out I put in the chat our docs on polytone so you can have a look atâ€¦

Scott Hewitson: yeah, if you put up something in discussions about, vesting off of community spend personally I would support that andâ€¦

Nick Merrill: how that works.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, it only requires IBC.

Scott Hewitson: three seconds but

Cheng Wang: That is pretty sick. Thank you, Nick.

Nick Merrill: Yeah, I'll definitely put something in the chat in the sorry, Scott.

Scott Hewitson: I think he was saying that it's not necessary. what they've built doesn't require ICA or packet forwarding to get the job done. Is that correct name?

Scott Hewitson: Nice,â€¦

Nick Merrill: Absolutely, Innovations all about ecosystems for sure.

Scott Hewitson: I will definitely be reading over that for sure.

Nick Merrill: We'll put a prop up on the discussion super soon.

Scott Hewitson: Okay. awesome

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, you never know who joins the calls. Yeah, no. No, I'll just say hey this is great. You never know who joins the chat and that's lovely try to be as open and welcoming as possible because clearly what you're working on. Did you know there could be some mutual beneficial relationships going on so

Scott Hewitson: Hell, yeah.

Scott Hewitson: That'd be great. That would be great.

Nick Merrill: Thanks, everyone.

Cheng Wang: Thanks, Harry.

Zach Horn: Thanks guys.

Cheng Wang: Thanks ever.

Zach Horn: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: Thanks, Nick.

Scott Hewitson: awesome All righty. I don't have anything else. Does anyone have any last remarks or ideas or things they'd like to talk about?

Scott Hewitson: All with that I think I'm gonna stop the recording. Appreciate everyone coming. Thanks again, Nick for giving us all your insights from downtown looking forward to some of that stuff coming forward and we'll be in touch and Good to see everybody. Take care.

Meeting ended after 00:32:03 ðŸ‘‹

