# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #18

## Agenda
- Discussion on Inflation and Staking APR (Cheng Wang)
- Community Pool Liquidity on Shade Protocol
- Proposals Update
- Transparency Reports for Community Pool Funding
- Dashboard for Provider Incentives
  
## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, July 03, 2024
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants
- Cheng Wang
- Julius Haus
- Maxime Beauchamp
- Poroburu
- Scott Hewitson
- Tolguy Ture
- Tyler Wright
- Zach Horn

## Meeting Notes
- **Welcome and Overview:**
- **Scott Hewitson**
  - The last meeting was rescheduled to a couple of weeks ago, leading to fewer updates this month.
  - Scott Hewitson introduced the agenda and mentioned that Cheng Wang had topics to discuss.
  - Previous meeting had discussions on inflation and the current staking APR being over 20%.
  - Concerns were raised about the high APR, and Cheng Wang was asked to discuss it further.
  - Previous chatter about using the community pool as liquidity on Shade Protocol was mentioned.
  - The Shade Protocol presentation was noted, though Scott was not present for it.
  - The deployment from GitHub/GitLab to Akash Network on Console was discussed.
  - This proposal had been through many talks in special interest groups and steering committees and has now passed.

- **Proposals Update:**
  - Since the last call, several proposals have gone up, including Q3 events and community support.
  - Dashboards showing the status of these proposals are available.
  
- **Transparency Reports for Community Pool Funding:**
  - A new [repository](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/community-pool-spend-reporting) in the community allows anyone receiving community pool funding to add transparency reports.
  - Scott mentioned adding Overclockâ€™s 2024 reports and plans to add more historical data.

- **Dashboard for Provider Incentives:**
  - Scott mentioned creating a dashboard for provider incentives, with a direct link to be provided later.
  - Details about the amount of AKT off-ramped, liquidated, committed, and expended are tracked.

- **Further Discussion by Cheng Wang:**
  - Emphasized the importance of accountability and transparency for every unit of AKT spent.
  - Mentioned plans to formalize the core team and engineering contributions, with more details to come in the next quarter.
  - Discussed the inflation issue, proposing to lower inflation and increase the community pool tax from 40% to 50%.
  - Suggested reducing the inflation max parameters from 20% to 15% and the min from 13% to 10%.
  - Emphasized the need for provider incentives and the formalization of these programs.
  - Discussed the timeline for circulating the proposal and gathering community feedback.
  - Addressed future considerations for the community pool tax rate, with potential adjustments based on network needs and AKT value.
  - Mentioned that APR projections will be circulated for community review before submitting the proposal.

- **Community Pool Size Context:**
  - Scott provided context on the current sizes of other community pools: 52 million ATOMs, 37 million OSMO, and 26 million AKT.
  - Highlighted the importance of funding the community pool for future Akash network needs and incentives.

- **Provider Incentives and Verified Compute:**
  - Discussed the importance of provider incentives and the upcoming proposal for verified compute.
  - Encouraged community members to review and provide feedback on the GitHub discussion regarding [verified compute](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/614).

- **Open Floor for Questions and Comments:**
  - Maxime Beauchamp asked about the long-term plan for the community pool tax rate.
  - Cheng Wang explained that while 50% is the target for the foreseeable future, the rate could be adjusted based on network needs and AKT value.
  - Maxime also inquired about the projection of APR, to which Cheng confirmed that projections will be circulated for community review.

- **Closing Remarks:**
  - Scott thanked everyone for joining and encouraged them to participate in discussions on Discord and GitHub.
  - Cheng wished everyone a happy Fourth of July and signed off.

## Action Items
1. **Scott Hewitson:**
   - Provide the correct link to the dashboard for provider incentives.
   - Continue updating Overclockâ€™s transparency reports and add historical data.
   - Post meeting notes on GitHub and monitor for any further discussion in the community channels.
   - Follow up on the community pool liquidity usage on Shade Protocol and provide updates.

2. **Cheng Wang:**
   - Discuss the inflation and staking APR concerns in more detail in the next meeting.
   - Circulate the proposal on GitHub and gather community feedback before submitting the governance proposal.

3. **All Attendees:**
   - Review the new repository for transparency reports and add any relevant reports.
   - Check the dashboards for the status of ongoing proposals and provider incentives.
   - Provide feedback on the verified compute proposal on GitHub.

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Scott Hewitson: All right, m everybody. Welcome to this month's installment of Sig economics economics and the last month was rescheduled. So it was only a couple weeks ago. So there may not be a ton of updates, but I know Cheng has a few things he'd like to talk about as So let's start with last time. We had some questions about there's some chatter about inflation, current staking APR is over 20% Some people are concerned that that's too high and I think change, discuss that a little bit as well because we put some thought into it as well.

Scott Hewitson: And then I know last time there's some chatter about using some of the community pool as liquidity on shade protocol. I know they presented at steering committee actually wasn't present for it, but we'll see how that goes. Then from The Proposal side, so we since the last call couple proposals. had gone up the Q3 events and Community Support, those are ongoing programs. There's just the quarterly requests and we have a dashboards that kind of show the status of all those Actually, I'm on that point here is a link to we created a little repo and community that is just an area for anyone who receives.

Scott Hewitson: Community pool funding basically you can do a PR and add, if any transparency reports anything you want to report from the money side. I went ahead and added some stuff from overclock side for 2024 probably add a few more things going back further, but just to get it kicked off a little bit. So anyone who's receiving funding and wants to report on Feel free to add that there.

Scott Hewitson: and then what else passed so there was the deployment from GitHub gitlab that bucket to caution Network on Console. I know that one passed as well and that one had been in many talks in Special interest groups working groups and went to the steering committee. So that one passed. And I don't think there's any other major things since the last call. Yeah, I think that's about it. So I'm gonna kick it over to Cheng. I'd like to first talk about quick recap on pit because we have a dashboard off for that and then the inflation discussion and then anything else you'd like to touch on chain.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, did you want me to touch on the PIP stuff first or sorry, I wasn't clear.

Scott Hewitson: I'll just give a quick synopsis. So the past call I said I would be making a dashboard for provider incentives on That page I sent earlier as well. But here's the direct link to it. no, that's the wrong one.

Scott Hewitson: I'll get that truck then but basically, there's a certain amount of akt that have been off ramps liquidated. there's certain amount that's been committed and expended. So it's just going to be tracked there. And you can take a look at it yourself and have any questions feel free to Cheng go ahead. You can go ahead with the other stuff I'll get the correct link for the dashboard. Yes.

Cheng Wang: Sounds good. Yeah, so just a quickly reiterate there the reporting Link in the

Cheng Wang: Akash Network repo there just to kind of put in front of everyone and I want to I think celebrate this really big I think not really miles somebody we said we would obviously the core team and this is the standard that we want to uphold right for the open network and just be responsible accountable for every unit of akt that comes out of the pool should be reported because it is a public good fun and essentially right and so it should be reported as such and we kind of want to lead and we do rather want to lead in this effort and show that this is the sander we want to adhere to in a standard we want to set and all the protocols out there, we can name them everywhere and there's a little lot of fun coming out of a big protocol that we all know, I think last yesterday or regarding Community spend and all that kind of stuff. So it's important to highlight especially now like accountability and ensuring that we are spending and a very responsible way and manners that directly or indirectly.

00:05:00

Cheng Wang: Benefit the network in the most obviously responsible fashion possible. And of course reporting against that

Cheng Wang: So if there are any thoughts questions, please comment here or in any single working group that you feel is appropriate the other thing like dovetailing from this is as we kind of move forward and as the scope of what everything we're working on continues to expand and build we will be formalizing the core team in concert, of course with the community contributors a little bit more as far as engineering contributions, right? I think Julius on the call Max obviously part of the core team now formally, directly part the community came in this way is from lasting a lot of the engineering and product contributions there for as far as they reporting against the community pool and drawing from the community pool to continue to fund development. So we're going to formalize that a bit more going forward probably in the next quarter. I want to thank you for but definitely rolling into 2025 something really front and center.

Cheng Wang: to really

Cheng Wang: put structure look forward to details around that so that's for community pool spend as far as engineering resources specifically to look forward to the second item is as far as the inflation that Huey touched on Wright currently the market though is doing well / sideways at some points in time. We definitely understand. The inflation rate is a little bit high. So We put together quite a bit of thought on already and we'll of course circulate the spreadsheets that we've historically have circulated modeling out what ultimate look like, but will probably look somewhere in the vein to fold two kind of components. Right one is lowering inflation is increasing community pool to the desired level of 50% So currently that parameter sits at so 40% and inflation and currently goes to the community pool and I think every bit of money that's been spent out of

Cheng Wang: That has been extremely successful. I would say we're all relative to what their goals were right from events to Community Support to development of different features capabilities and just the cloudnos team Predator team Acquisitions all that kind of stuff.

Cheng Wang: So we're gonna propose increasing community pool tax from 40% up to 50% That's one and then two is going to be changing the inflation max parameters. I think currently men sits at 13% and Max it's at 20% And what we'd like to do is probably reduce Min down from 13 to 10% and then Max from 20 to something like 15% And so that should bring down inflation. Just the notch. We don't want to obviously over Justin do something too crazy, So that's the I think initial proposal here and hopefully there's a good amount of support I think to support is already there as far as contributors that have chimed in the last economics, which I wasn't able to make but yeah, that's as far as inflation as well as community pool goes and I think funding the community pool, of course.

Scott Hewitson: This put it up. Obviously. We'll throw. The tax code. Yeah, that's Max's question tax. Go to 50% Cheng.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, that's right.

Scott Hewitson: Is there a reason why 40% versus 50% or what's the rational there?

00:10:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, so the reason for 50% that's the marker we think we want to get to and then we talked about in Greg's talked about it and I forget we in which calls I probably a Syrian committee here or there to get it to 50% and that'll be the ongoing rate going forward to well.

Cheng Wang: Kind of answers itself, We've been finding the pool for a little bit andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: It does a couple things one continues to ensure the pool as well funded for all the issues.

Cheng Wang: everything we've done has been through the public eye in a lot of peopleâ€¦

Cheng Wang: We've done plus additional ones that are going that will be pushed in a future that we can't even in Envision now,â€¦

Cheng Wang: who I think push and human HQ, right submitting proposals on their own to get funded for various initiatives.

Cheng Wang: right? So one of the biggest things that I forgot to mention is provided incentives programs comes out of this right andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: So the community pool I think is doing an outstanding job andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: then 10 andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: it's currently quite well funded at this point in time.

Cheng Wang: incentives that's not something we've yet put forward.

Cheng Wang: So we want to definitely continue to build that I know there was a little bit of hand ringing when we did some marketing initiatives with coinbase that the pool would depleteâ€¦

Cheng Wang: Yeah, we've done little scattered things here and there but we want to formalize that a lot more of course going forward. That's one bit. So the â€¦

Cheng Wang: but as we noted historically that wouldn't come close to the pleading andâ€¦

Cheng Wang: so 50% is the marker we want to hit. I think that's kind of a good point to be at a 50/50 split between inflation emissions to stakers. simply by virtue of emissions as well as the increased Slash validators, of course and then 50% to the community pool to continue to fund that effort.

Cheng Wang: 

Cheng Wang: and in terms of sorry timeline wise I think probably next couple of weeks. We'll circulate of course as is the discussion on GitHub and then have that circulate for maybe a week or so gather Community feedback and then ultimately submit the governance proposal incorporating feedback from the community.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, go ahead next.

Maxime Beauchamp: Thanks for the explanation and I guess Is the plan to stay at 50% forever or is there a plan to eventually drop it or make it? higher

Cheng Wang: That's a good question. The short answer here is we don't know what the future holds I think 50% in the foreseeable future. Let's just say call it the next year or so, right and don't hold my feet to the fire. There is probably somewhere we want to be of course. These are all governors parameters that can be changed if let's just say the community pool gets funded to akt goes to 100 bucks. I'm sure everyone love that and the community pools like a billion dollars or something like that. I'm sure we could bring that right down a little bit right especially if the use cases for the community pool aren't necessarily eating into the balance in any significant way. Obviously, we all of us right not just the core team but every single Akash token holder and then definitely stake her has a literal, stake and say in this doesn't want the pool to just sit there idle without generating some sort of return.

Cheng Wang: To the network ultimately, So I think it's ultimately going to be a bit of a balance and we'll have to see how the community pool is used going forward. Obviously all that stuff will be super public and undergo the same level of scrutiny. it's always been on there and relative to what a lot of factors. I'm sorry to kind of give you a cop on answer, but I'll say for the year. Probably stay at that rate going forward between emissions between what the macro is doing between what the micro needs specifically of the network are other things that we can't really forecast. these things are presents for reason and it can be adjusted as such.

Maxime Beauchamp: Yeah makes sense. And do you have a projection of the APR? That would go.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, we're putting that together. it'll be circulated Huey or Scott andâ€¦

Maxime Beauchamp: Okay.

Cheng Wang: I are putting that together and that'll be circulating. So yeah, don't worry. It's not like we're discuss it here and then we'll put The Proposal on chain.

Maxime Beauchamp: I know you did that in the past you put a proposal it would projection and stuff. So. I will. Thanks.

Cheng Wang: Exactly. It'll all be there 100% good questions.

Scott Hewitson: And I dropped in the messages just to give people a rough idea of community pool sides of silly atoms right now is worth 52 million Osmos were set 37 million. We're done at 26 million. So I think at some point. We probably don't need to keep filling it. But yeah, those are just like cops in the space to give people an idea.

Cheng Wang: yeah, and then just to

Cheng Wang: Put it into a little bit of person. Thank you for that here. That's extremely helpful and in additional bit of context as we look forward is the rate at which we were requesting or the core team and the community at large has been requesting funds through a caution Network. It's hard to say that's going to be the status quo. Let's just say for 2025 and 2026. Let's just say right because as the network continues to grow as it attains further adoption further notoriety and as tool sets expand right there will be additional needs to expand that and of course that's just gonna require more funding from the network, right and provider incentives. That's not forget. This is literally two phase three hadn't yet been rolled out for various different reasons of technical capabilities right verified compute stuff like that by the way went on GitHub discussions. I think was it? last week Wednesday, and we're looking to

00:15:00

Cheng Wang: Push that on chain sometime today right here. Correct me if I'm wrong there. So there are a lot of things.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah the next day.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, a lot of things coming down the pike that the community pool will be required to ask to fund and provide an incentives especially as we kind of in this phase one right is really an initiative to help us learn. what chipsets are in demand which providers and kind of start to chip away at that and we've gained a lot of know-how and an education quite frankly around how that process work. So we'll be in phase but phase two pit zero three going forward. Those will obviously require additional resource from the community pool to build up the resources available in the network.

Scott Hewitson: awesome Thank you for all that flavor and color on all things. Yeah, I was gonna say I was gonna ask about the verifiable compute. I dropped it in. Here's a discussion 614 and since coming from Surah from University of Texas. So it feel free to put in any notes comments. It's been up for a little over a week, I believe and they spoke it steering committee. But yeah, if you have anything you'd like to add to it, please please do. Let's see. I think that's all I had from my side on items that I'd like to touch on or for you to touch on chains. Right? Do you have anything else you'd like to add? in general

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I mean any questions that anyone has regarding the GitHub discussion on verified compute, this is a good place to ask any initiatives that you think might be on the horizon or not, or if you have any ideas right for the community pool for everyone here and also anyone reading or listening to this afterwards because I know it's just the lot of us here. Please chime in let us know make your voices heard.

Scott Hewitson: We don't have Andrew G here to ask my token question, All Okay, so I anything I think we can probably cut things short. I'll give one more chance if anyone wants to bring up anything at all. Stay it now or wait till next month.

Scott Hewitson: All thank you everyone who joined in today and those that'll be watching this at a later time. I'll make sure to have notes up on GitHub and let us know in the meantime between calls and see economics and Discord if we can got anything that pops up or you don't feel comfortable talking about it Alrighty with that. I'm going to end the call or in the recording and we'll see everyone later.

Cheng Wang: All right, see everyone in the metaverse. Enjoy your fourth of July for everyone.

Meeting ended after 00:18:48 ðŸ‘‹


