# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #25

## Agenda
- Recap of February‚Äôs SIG Economics meeting
- Updates on PIP02 and developments for PIP03
- Review of passed and live governance proposals
- Provider Console launch and clarification
- Market liquidity and depth improvement progress
- Open floor for questions and community engagement


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, March 19, 2025 
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://cohffpgzwaq56xweyqon2y3hsg3c3bfucgp3uwaqozhsr4rfptda.arweave.net/E45SvNmwId9exMQc3WNnkbYthLQRn7pYEHZPKPIlfMY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Scott Hewitson  
- Cheng Wang  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- Tyler Wright  
- Zeke Ezagui  
- Robert Koschig  
- B S  
- o√Øclid  

## Meeting Notes

### Recap and Administrative Updates
- Scott shared a quick update on returning from parental leave.
- February action items included finalizing the PIP02 dashboard and returning excess funds from earlier proposals.
- Overclock continues to lead proposal execution and reporting with transparency.

### Community Proposals and Updates
- Passed proposals:
  - Community Programs, Community Activities, and Q1 Events (ETH Denver, Nvidia GTC)
  - Software upgrade
  - Community pool tax increase
  - Inflation reduction (split into two separate proposals)
  - Indexing & Analytics with MCP integration to improve data access

- Returned funds:
  - Over-provisioned amounts in USDC and AKT from past proposals returned to the community pool.
  - Examples include $180K from SDK47 and 114K AKT from Q4 events.

### Market Liquidity and Depth Proposal
- The liquidity and depth proposal passed in February and is in active deployment.
- Structure involves loan call options to market makers with AKT held in escrow.
- Around $3.5M in AKT allocated, with approximately $1.5M already deployed.

- Loan call options allow:
  - Market makers to buy tokens at a strike price if exceeded.
  - Tokens to be returned if the option isn‚Äôt exercised, minimizing risk to the community pool.

- Progress so far:
  - Depth on Coinbase and Gate increased from ~$100K to over $400K.
  - Metrics like +2/-2% depth are being tracked; Overclock plans to release updates regularly.

### Provider Console Update
- Provider Console v1 has launched.
- Built as a productized interface for providers to manage deployments, based on the prior Praetor acquisition.
- Simplifies onboarding, allowing providers to join without intensive handholding.
- Helps grow supply dynamically and reduces dependency on white-glove support.

### PIP03 Preview
- The next Provider Incentive Program (PIP03) will take a more efficient approach.
- Instead of fully subsidizing GPU leases, the network will guarantee a minimum utilization rate (e.g. 60%).
- If usage falls short, the community pool fills the gap ‚Äî but only the gap, not the full lease.
- Providers benefit from upside if utilization exceeds the threshold.

- Additional goals:
  - Reduce cost burden on the community pool
  - Allow longer-term commitments (e.g. 24-month agreements)
  - Tied closely to the success of the Provider Console rollout

### Community Discussion and Feedback
- Andrew Gnatyuk raised questions on tracking depth and usage metrics.
  - Scott and Cheng committed to publishing clearer metrics and possibly snapshots.
  - Depth improvements are visible on exchanges; volume improvements are less directly tied.

- Andrew also suggested balancing liquidity improvements with marketing efforts.
  - Scott and Cheng agreed this is one of several necessary layers to support the ecosystem.

- Clarifications provided:
  - All deployed funds either return to the community pool or are used to stabilize markets.
  - There are no permanent losses ‚Äî only potential missed upside.

### Lighter Moments
- Conversation about SIG Economics swag items sparked interest in t-shirts with slogans like "I ‚ù§Ô∏è SIG Economics."
- Cheng and Scott joked about limited edition shirts and past event-specific merch.

### Closing Remarks
- Scott expressed interest in inviting Robert Koschig to share insights on DePIN and tokenomics in a future call.
- Cheng encouraged attendees to refer AI teams or GPU-hungry startups to Akash.
- Group thanked each other and concluded with enthusiasm about progress and next steps.

## Action Items

- Scott Hewitson:
  - Finalize and publish updated dashboards and reconciliation reports for PIP02.
  - Track and publish depth and liquidity data for transparency.
  - Engage with the community on GitHub and Discord for ongoing proposal discussions.

- Cheng Wang:
  - Advance planning for PIP03 and finalize structure.
  - Manage ongoing partnerships with market makers and ensure effective deployment of funds.
  - Address questions and feedback on Provider Console GitHub discussion.


- Community Members:
  - Participate in GitHub discussions on PIP03 and Provider Console.
  - Monitor exchange metrics and provide feedback on proposal effectiveness.
  - Contribute creative swag ideas or t-shirt slogans to build community culture.


## **Transcript**

Scott Hewitson: Hey there.

Cheng Wang: Look at this. Anti.

Zeke Ezagui: You're back.

Scott Hewitson: I'm here.

Zeke Ezagui: It's not Tuesday.

Scott Hewitson: It is recording. I don't know are these recording when the call starts now? Sounds like

Tyler Wright: Yeah, just when Chang was here,‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: I just wanted to just make sure I was recording and transcribing. No disrespect, Chang. I just automated it.

Scott Hewitson: All righty. we'll hold off for a little bit while wait for some folks to trickle in. but Yeah, we got to maybe turn that off so we can,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: That cancelled.

Scott Hewitson: if there's any off thereord stuff, for first 30 seconds, so someone can say a funny joke, and not be worried. Yeah. No, it's All good. Let's see.

Scott Hewitson: looking at the notes from last call. George Pro is doing a great job of doing the notes for these snaps to him as W would say the MGM.

Tyler Wright: Yes, big snaps.

Zeke Ezagui: I appreciate him.

Tyler Wright: Yes, I got to come up with a new word. I actually have to jump off of this call to another meeting, but I just want to make sure everything is in order and is well in order.

Cheng Wang: Indeed. And we are all appreciative.

Scott Hewitson: Ty Tai is just here to make sure that we're all held accountable and doing what we're saying we're gonna do even though it's recorded. he doesn't have time to rewatch it and be like, "Nope, they were on top of their stuff they were." So, Tai's the glue man helping everybody at all times. No doubt. All righty. what we got?

Scott Hewitson: We got a few folks in. yeah, I guess we can kick things off. where's Robert Koshi? Did you get in?

Robert Koschig: I guess you

Scott Hewitson: All right. We're gonna kick things off. I'm sure some folks may trickle in as it goes on, but welcome. It's March 19th. I think it's the 25th SIG economics call which is kind of cool. Been doing this for quite a while now. it's call I kind of kick off and lead. I think it's interesting it's all the cool things with the chain and the community pool. it's pretty sweet. So I love being a part of it. all right so we'll kick it off with just kind of a little recap on last call.

Scott Hewitson: Then we'll talk about any open proposals or discussions and then any kind of updates that we have from overclock side. I know Chang's probably got a few items that he'd like to cover. I will say I've been out for a few weeks growing my family. So I'm kind of getting spun back up a little bit. So apologies if I'm missing a few things or I'm behind on a few things.

Scott Hewitson: but that's just the way life is sometimes. So the February call talked a little bit about Pipo 2 kind of the dashboard stuff and where we were with commitments on that. we're pretty much fully committed on tip 2. I've been working some of the dashboard stuff making sure it's all buttoned up. there's still a little bit of reconciliation work to do just because some of the contracts we had, there's a lot of vendors changes. so I just want to make sure everything's as true as possible when we're reporting So that's action for myself to kind of take some time to clean up some of that stuff. the last proposal we had the community programs the activities the events proposals those all passed.


### 00:05:00

Scott Hewitson: I believe last time we were talking about the market making proposal which has since passed as well and those funds are being deployed in markets as we speak. you can check the wallets on that. You can see that there's less AKT in there than there was before. So some of those have gone to some market makers in a little bit of a downturn.  So having, some boosted liquidity is nice. it kind of just makes the markets gives it a little juice when things are going down. let's see.

Scott Hewitson: talked about sort of some bot activity with the credit card payments and overclock the engineering team has been working on that relentlessly putting in additional friction to make sure that the activity is true activity and then it looks like we talked a little bit about PIPO 3 because PIPO one and PIPO 2 are fully committed I think  We had initial talks about PIPO3 and finding some, different ways to do things. as we iterate on these different PIPS, trying to find ways to bring providers on longer term, make wins for everybody. so I'm sure Chang will be able to give us a little bit of, updates on that or any progress or developments from that standpoint.

Scott Hewitson: last time we t talked a little bit about returning funds. So there's been quite a bit of returned to the pool. So it's kind of nice that the community pool has some stables in it. We also returned some excess from events funding. I will say those props that were put up in January that the price was around $3. So since it's gone we're down to a$130 25 or something. so as we do, some of those quarterly props, we request excess and report on everything or when there's a shortfall, we request a little extra to cover that shortfall. it's two-way street. That's why it's really important for us to be, returning funds when we don't need them because then it's like, okay, we're underwater here. Let's, request a little extra. I think we've done a pretty decent job of doing that.

Scott Hewitson: and then I just talked had some open questions. I don't know if Andrew was there last time, but he's usually good for some questions. But yeah, that's a recap from last time. let's see from the proposals that have passed since Febru pass passed. There was software upgrade that happened that was a pass or prop that passed as well. proposal increase community pool tax. that one passed and the inflation update. I know there was some chatter about those. in the past we had done a single prop to adjust inflation and change the community pool tax. There was some push back so we split it up this time. And then obviously there's anything you do there's push back. So we have two separate props for that.

Scott Hewitson: the idea being, we want a healthy community pool so we can do these programs that grow the network. And I think everyone can agree that, we're getting more activity on the network. I think things are going with high inflation, right, that's you have people selling tokens, so bringing that down a little bit. The pool is still pretty full. I think we got 9 million AKT in there and couple hundred grand in stables.  So I think it's pretty okay at the moment. and then there was another proposal for is it indexing analytics and NC MCP integration. I know that team has been working closely with some of the folks in console team. indexing you need good data to do anything. to build on top of the network you need good data.

Scott Hewitson: So, I'm actually excited about that one. just to peel the curtains back a little bit from the accounting standpoint, we've had a little bit of challenges with good data. So, hopefully good index data across the board, other teams, projects, whoever can use that data in a good way. And I think you go to any chain and they have good index data. So, we're due that's it for the proposals that have passed. Some discussions I know Chang dropped a propos or discussion last week for provider console. there was a comment yesterday talking about that with the old Prader acquisition and kind of defining those lines.


### 00:10:00

Scott Hewitson: So, I don't know if Ching wants to respond to that here today or kind of talk to it a little bit, but definitely we'll take some time and respond in those discussions. in all the working SIGs and working groups, we want folks to be feeling comfortable talking about things, but also, we talk about it, but then let's get it into the discussions, too, so that there's some posterity and, when people just come in with zero context, they can start reading things and see where the discussions are going and how things are developing. there's quite a bit of discussions these days.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, there's just some integrating cost chat API API. Yeah. So, I'll let folks read to Nothing super pressing at the moment or at a point where it's, going up for proposals. I think the provider council one is probably the furthest along, especially because work's already complete, but yeah, I'll turn that over to Cheng shortly. yeah, and I think let's see. So, we last week talked about props of past any discussions. So, with that, I'm going to pass it over to Chang, if you could talk a little bit about maybe the provider console and‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: then as well as any updates or new developments in PIPO3 on how we're thinking about things. That'd be great.

Cheng Wang: Yeah,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: certainly for the provider console, I think it's pretty self-explanatory here. though I do appreciate Piper's enthusiasm, I feel like he doesn't necessarily read up on everything.  The provider console has been released as we know it is the work on it has been completed. Obviously we'll continue to improve on the functionality polish and everything feature around this product.

Cheng Wang: before that the integration and the acquisition of I think this is being called out here by Pyber is of priator was meant to kind of start this whole process right so to be really clear the acquisition of pritor was to take and bring fold in IP intellectual property that wasn't open source and known by a cops network that was historically proprietary and private and make it open source

Cheng Wang: integrated homogenizes with the AOSH console. So that same feel, all that stuff. And so then they're in a single interface within the console. You can toggle between deploy console and provider console. That was the intention behind it all. But to be really clear, the original proposal for Prager was simply to acquire it, make the IP ours, and begin the process of fleshing out what integration looks like.

Cheng Wang: this thing that we have here now for what provider console v1 is supposed to be or is to essentially productize that and make it extremely powerful for everyone to use prior for those of you who hadn't used it before though powerful difficult to use and this is completely different at this point in time so one is the acquire the IP bring it into the AOS ecosystem this is completely redesign it and build out a whole suite of other tools to make it much more powerful and make AOS network the console itself a true two-sided marketplace right where deployers can come in deploy their workloads and we're continuously working on that trying to make that more seamless powerful and easy to use with the community as well as the core team.  In addition to that, the same has to happen on the provider side because right now a lot of providers are essentially being handheld and this will hopefully allow providers to come on their own much more easily, right?

Cheng Wang: with essentially technical expertise. and by doing that and removing or lowering the barriers to entry, we'll be able to get more providers onto the network more seamlessly and hopefully managing their own providers and things like that, So all of that will in an effort to organically grow the amount of providers and resources on the network without a kind of onetoone white glove handholding type of I suppose experience that we're undergoing currently.


### 00:15:00

Scott Hewitson: Awesome. Thank you.

Cheng Wang: Hopefully that makes sense. So that's for provider council. Any questions?

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that. added color. I mean, there's a lot of things going on. It's hard to keep up with context on everything. So, at the end of the day, we're all just trying to build to grow this network. that's just one component of it. So, thank you for those words, Shang. And I'll make sure that we get put that all into the discussions as well. All right.

Scott Hewitson: If there's comments on the provider console side of things,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Chang, are you able to share anything from this PIP 3 or PIP 2.5, whatever you want to call it or thinking about calling it high level structure. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yes. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: PIP N plus one N plus some number. Yeah. So high level the next PIP is intended to be a lot more efficient than previous ones.  So historically pips one and two have been pretty plain and vanil vanilla right tap into resources from the community pool engage professional high-grade data center providers in order to bring resources through committed contracts plain and simply right and what that does how so though that does bootstrap a lot of resources and brought close to a thousand GPUs onto the network there are some trade-offs right

Cheng Wang: So number one once we bring these resources on once the contract expires there needs to be another renewal right so that requires more funds if there isn't anything to kind of if the existing processes is followed that's one part so the resources though brought on for a year they will fall off inevitably at some point in time right and so at this point I think March we're close to reaching the first anniversary if you will

Cheng Wang: of the first trunch of funds being deployed from PIP one. And so we're already kind of coming into that renewal cycle. so that one part. secondly is that it essentially puts all of the risk if you will onto the community pool a network slash and the community for instead of having the val or the providers excuse me bear some of that risk. What I mean is that second part I'll dive into the details afterwards.  So those are really the two main points here and the subsequent pit pit three hopes to address those key risks themselves though of course they come with some trade-offs of their own right.

Cheng Wang: so how we intend to do that is because AOS network has reached the point where utilization is quite high and dependable especially on some of the better chips right so chips being A100s to an extent 4090s to an extent as well what we can do with the providers now is now that they have a much more reliable base of utilization to depend on is to say look bring your resources onto aos network and AOS

Cheng Wang: word visa v the community pool will guarantee I'm picking a number out of the air let's just say 60% utilization rate you charge the prices that you think you need to hit that rate and obviously we will work with provider to see what prices should be set at they should be competitive to the market right as a first kind of check and if they use or they get 50% ilialization on their machines they get that if it goes below the delta  between 50% and what actual utilization rate is what the community pool will subsidize. So it's a much smaller amount. It's not the whole thing. Anything above 50% p will essentially be gravy to the provider. and so that's the kind of the incentive or the upside there. So what that creates for a posh network is a much more costefficient method for bringing providers onto the network. That's one.

Cheng Wang: And then two it allows for the providers to kind of manage themselves and and basically create a much more dynamic supply right for providers to kind of bring them themselves on board. And one of the lynch pins for this actually is the provider console that was released because without that they wouldn't be able to come on board on their own as easily and we wouldn't be able to expand this as quickly. Right.  So that's really provider incentive three and subsequent ones as pits one and two leaned off of each other I'm sure we'll learn a lot from pip 3 and we'll continue to pull that into subsequent incentive pilots. So yeah that's really the crux.


### 00:20:00

Cheng Wang: The last thing is in the vein of doing this more efficiently, we are exploring something with a partner to essentially commit the resources onto a Kosh network incentives for a longer duration of time. So call it two years. We're trying to get to two years, 24 months. and reach that gu guarantee that utilization minimum for a period of two years. and in repayment for that they'll keep the resources on a cost network for two years.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for the description and‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: So that decreases the kind of the frequency in which we have to cycle providers and makes it just more efficient and less overhead.

Scott Hewitson: given again giving color and context for all these things that are going on. Does anyone have any questions? I'll open up to the group. Does anyone have any questions in regards into pips or even I think I already asked but for the provider console prop does anyone have any comments or concerns or just anything random thoughts u feel free and if not all right

Scott Hewitson: So, at this point, those are kind of the big things from at least overclock standpoint, we wanted to talk about. is there I want to open it up to the community or to the group to see if anyone has any com comments, questions, or concerns. and if not, I have one other thing I want to talk about a little bit. Nope, there he is.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Hey guys.

Scott Hewitson: Andrew, what's up?

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hey,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: How's it going?

Andrew Gnatyuk: What's up guys? Sorry I missed a few calls. I' been pretty busy lately. but I hope I'm not going to miss that again. So, if you would be so grateful to fill me up on the Aash network market liquidity and depths prop and how does this go since it's been passed on February, right? Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Give you a quick update on that.

Scott Hewitson: So that was the idea essentially is right use some community pool funds enter into some marketmaking agreements via loan call options.  So the funds are owned by the community pool. if so how loone call options work, you send tokens, you have an option to buy those tokens at a certain strike. It's usually higher. So just using easy numbers, price is a dollar right now. The strike might be a$150.

Scott Hewitson: if it hits a$150, maybe it goes to $3, but the u market maker can buy them at a$150. that's how options work. So if it stays under, then they return the if it goes over and they exercise, then we get and those stable coins will just go straight into the community pool. which can be used for, funding props or doing all sorts of other activities.  So I think that the big thing here is it's funds from the community pool direct to market makers and then all those funds whether it'll come back as AKT or stables get put back into the community pool. Anything else on that Chang or Andrew?

Scott Hewitson: 

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I would say that's exactly how the mechanics work and the idea here is to really bolster the liquidity and depth right for AKT markets especially as we continue mature. it's really important to have that and one of the ways we can do this efficiently is again with the community pool here because either way the funds whether it comes back in stables or it comes back in AKT is ultimately owned by the community pool and it's more or less I suppose take this with little grain of salt but evergreen right so when funds come back they can be redeployed at a certain point in time and so I think it's a great thing to do to bolster what has already been

Cheng Wang: done with market makers. So yeah, this is and in terms of progress, I think we ped 3.5 million AKT from the community pool and to date, I believe we used or deployed approximately 1.5 million of that 1.4 and change rounds up to 1.5 and we're going to continue to deploy more. The idea is to get all of the funds currently sitting in the wallet to be deployed to market makers, Because we don't want to have these funds sitting idle. And we'll get that hopefully executed within I want to say within as soon as possible.


### 00:25:00

Cheng Wang: I hope hopefully weeks.

Scott Hewitson: I will say that,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: it's the f when you do it, in marketmaking strategies, you don't want to just go with all with one because then they have their incentives, So again with that dollar$ dollar50 example if you strike it$150 price is at dollar now and then it goes up to you$160 maybe it's $3 $4 they have very little incentive because they're already in the money on their option. and how they trade might be a little different than how other shop trades.

Scott Hewitson: So, we'd like to, spread those funds across multiple market makers, across multiple strikes, across multiple deals, so that, it just makes it more robust for the markets. I know it's kind of a little bit nuanced, but, something we're trying to do. Chang and it's funny. I've been out for a few week, we still talk about markets. we're always making sure things are, controlling the things that we can control. Obviously, you can't control markets, but just giving us the best chance out there. so yeah, it's a win. I think it's good. And, if we do get some money back to the community pool that can be used for builders, too. So, it's all good stuff going on.

Scott Hewitson: Andrew, any other comments or‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: concerns on that standpoint or areas where you want some clarification

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah I was just no I don't know this is a proper question ‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: because I can't put a picture in my hand right in my head right now but do we have some metrics we are using to see how the process is going at the moment of time or will we have some stats at the end and how can we verify the stats after two three months is from what I see with the proposal that it should increase liquidity and‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: depth by approximately 2x within the next three months.  So are we tracking it month by month basis and where we can get the stats from

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I'd say I mean the easiest way without even looking at and‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: what I'll say is there are some restrictions when you sign agreements some stuff is confidential just based on the nature of it But one just like the easy litmus test or whatever is you can go on coin gecko and if you go on historical data actually do they have historical for depths? I don't know. no. Okay. I mean you can look at volume.

Scott Hewitson: but really, and maybe this is a good thing that Chang and I can, track better for folks is, when we talk about depth, we're talking about plus two minus two depth. I think across the board, we're 250K in depth. or minus. I think the goal is to get to 400, 500K. That's across all exchanges. so yeah,  let me and Chang take an action to kind of figure out the best way to report some of that stuff. We may be able to share contract information. I don't know, for sure after the fact because then it's all done and spoken for, but while it's going on it, we'd have to double check with what legal says.

Scott Hewitson: But yeah from the standpoint of depth I mean you can see here ‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: are you sharing chain or am I chaining new sh Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: I'm sharing. I just want to jump in there and real quick just to say for folks‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Go to Yeah.

Cheng Wang: who are interested.

Scott Hewitson: 2%. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, you can just kind of look

Scott Hewitson: So I mean you can see on Coinbase right I think we were tracking around two like I said 250k depth. I mean, just Coinbase and Gate alone, you're over 200 grand in depth. 400 grand. So, I'll say it's working. just by looking at this, I know, it's kind of just me and Chang saying, "Yeah, it's working." But, if you look at these numbers, a few months ago, those Coinbased depths might be 100 grand or 75 grand or something on the 2%.

Scott Hewitson: any other things you can think of that we could share right now on this call chain that would Yep.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, not at this very moment.

Cheng Wang: I think one thing you can definitely use as kind of a heristic is what we would do to essentially probably snapshot these figures and track them over time as we kind of get more funds deployed. But here just as Huie indicated here right it's for examp you're the biggest exchanges that we're currently on it's really important to bolster those depths and‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, that would be great.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, sorry.


### 00:30:00

Cheng Wang: here they were much lower previously speaking right and gay was I think around 100 Coinbase right around 100 or so and then Kraken I think in the 50s or so.

Cheng Wang: So obviously these numbers aren't completely static. They will move around right as kind of markets move as well. But it's important to have these figures nice and chunky. So at this point in time what Coinbase says here you can sell 200,000 right or‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: 190,000 without moving prices more than 2% which is really healthy especially for the market condition as it's current market conditions whatever they may be and bring to us. But yeah we'll track these over time. Hugh and I will do that. It's a good idea.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah, I know when you click historical data on Coin Gecko,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: it doesn't show depth, but maybe with the API we might be able to pull historicals from that. So, I'll take that as an action item as well to kind of look into. I know there's also some analytics like they just kind of look at markets across the board like the order books.

Scott Hewitson: So I know we have overclock we've engaged with some analytics folks for that standpoint. So, we might be able to share some of that stuff.

Scott Hewitson: But all to say, yeah, let's figure out how we can show that to the community because it is important for All right. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, thanks.

Andrew Gnatyuk: that would be actually great because I mean it's hard to track so when I asked the question I was just looking at coin gecko and I just didn't see the data from if I'm not looking on the coin gecko on everyday basis the deps and I'm not tracking them I just didn't know if this is true or if the normal state of a cache yeah another question is sorry mind me asking is so where does

Andrew Gnatyuk: this increase of depth in liquidity is taking us from my perspective it should increase buying power and volume for our community and not affect much the price right so the depths proposed two to 300k of buying power so you can buy and the price will be affected by 2% only so basic  basically bigger money can hop on onto the exchanges and buy.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So we should see and at the pro approximately two three months is increase in the volume right or‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: if we will not see the increase in the volume at the end of two three months will we be saying this the prop was a success or we'll be taking other actions to increase the Good. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: I think I mean I'm looking at the historical data right now. the volume so if you look and obviously markets are crazy some days some days not so much.

Scott Hewitson: It looks like, for just going off the last three months, all of February is under 10 million in daily volume.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Perfect.

Scott Hewitson: There's a little bit, we ranged seven to up 12 million maybe. if you just look in the past in March really, we're at 15 million yesterday. There was a $74 million day, there's a 50 million day, 100 million day, 25 million. So, It's not perfect. with depths should come more volume. kind of look at it and kind of see it. But, yeah, I think in general, we'll figure out a way to show this because yeah, I mean, we're using funds to increase liquidity, increase depth. we want to show that it's successful in doing so.

Scott Hewitson: the other thing I will say at the very least it doesn't work right. it's a loan.  So to those tokens come right back. if we we went down to 50 cents, right? And all those tokens from those loan call options, they all expired, out of the money, that three and a half million AKT would just go straight back to the community pool. So it's not like we're losing funds. the potential loss is only from anything over the strike price. So you could have had some missed gains. I guess if you're selling at $2 and it's $3, yeah, you're missing out on that upside.


### 00:35:00

Scott Hewitson: But we really want to make sure that the depths are boosted especially with a little pullback and I know macro is a little uncertain right now.

Scott Hewitson: Everyone in the markets are kind of just trying to figure out what's next before placing hard bets in either direction. That's at least how I'm seeing things.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I mean,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: for the next four years, I'm not placing back at all. That's just like a roulette for me,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: It's always a roulette.

Scott Hewitson: It's always a game, but that's what we're trying to progress the token price and those metrics are definitely something we look at and we're tracking. but I like looking at network spend. I like looking at number of GPUs I like looking at these other things because the price will be what the price is.

Scott Hewitson: But if you're growing the network, you're doing things that increase usage of the network, it's almost kind of like be undeniable. doesn't matter‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: what the price is because it'll catch up at some point. and there's tons of projects where you could say, it's not worth this or not worth that or it's overvalued." I think the thing that we can control is just keep building and growing the network. Yep.

Andrew Gnatyuk: And I would agree with you on that matter‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: if for example Akash didn't have a token and just was working on the fees and you said you can say hey we are acquiring fees we have positive revenue and we are building and that's okay but after the cash release the token we split the community in two ways. There is the one that are using the cash and there is the investors that are just believe in the cash and want to get the gains that's why we are working right now talking right now about the token not the token price but the volume and the depths and all this stuff

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. No, definitely. I mean, you're right on the money. I mean, there's more speculators than builders in this industry.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: So it's tough sometimes,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: I've, hit my head on the wall quite a few times with just seeing how all these things go, but control what we can control and,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: keep building and, it's all about just survival and keep progressing it. Awesome.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thanks for the answers.

Cheng Wang: One thing to mention Andrew is in terms of‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: what we're working on here building the depth here isn't though it can encourage more volume to participate it's not a direct one to one right so volume isn't something we can control someone who says that they can control volume is doing something very unsaavory. So volume obviously is a reflection of market participation one way or the other. and yeah just how that's essentially that right speculators and folks who are actually investing in the project itself not a direct reflection of volume.

Cheng Wang: I have to make that super crystal clear.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. No,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: no, I agree. I just think that if so in my perspective there should be an end goal for everyone to be happy on what we are spending the money from the community pool, So basically we increasing deps for people for more money not to go and‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: looking for the OTC deals and not get scams right but just go to the market and buy the amount of A they want because they believe in A. So basically the one has to lead to another because if we are like I'm just saying ‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: Yes, it's a second order.

Andrew Gnatyuk: if Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yes, I agree with second order impact.

Andrew Gnatyuk: 

Andrew Gnatyuk: So if you're paying money for the deps I'm like in some way but just for me to understand paying money to increase the depths and nobody is using this then we are just paying money into nothing. I know that we are talking about the options and the tokens going to come back. I'm just saying that if we're doing some stuff and we spending time to do this stuff,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: indeed. I appreciate you.  Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: and to work with market makers and to make them work with our call options,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: etc. we want this to lead for one to another. Yes. So just that's‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Yep.

Andrew Gnatyuk: why I'm just thinking on how this could benefit us as in all. Yeah. Because there was lots of questions in the trading group. So I'm just, ‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: No, I know you experience a lot of retail in your interaction. So, no,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: it's good for you to understand, too, because then you can pass on that information, give them confidence, give them, whatever they need to better make their decisions. But I think,‚Ä¶


### 00:40:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Agree. No,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: it's like, as Chang said, it doesn't guarantee volume. all it does is it guarantees more favorable chances of volume, I'll say. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I agree. I mean what I meant is that if we are giving people the depths increase the depths and they are not using that they are not buying then probably we should increase spending on the marketing to show more the potential of Akash network and the token then increase the depths because the depths right now for example if it's not going to work.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Right. This experiment is not work for us. let's do the marketing stuff when the market is fit for this, so we could increase buying power and then we can increase the depths. I'm just thinking out loud here,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: that's all I'm like thinking here. Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: No, I'm with you. I mean, it's everything you're saying makes sense. you have to be building stuff that people use. You have to be marketing it to so people know that it's out there.

Scott Hewitson: You got to do all these things from the market side to make it favorable. yeah, it's a lot of efforts all going in the same direction. this is just one piece of it. So yeah, I mean I'm with you for sure.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. ‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm still happy we're doing something with the depths and liquidity, so I'm all good for that.

Scott Hewitson: No, I know. I And really appreciate you. You always have good questions.

Scott Hewitson: you always make everyone thinking about why we're doing things and actually, making sure we're doing it. It's just like accountability, We're our community,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: our network is good because People ask the questions that, maybe you don't want to answer, but all right, it's good to answer. so as always, Andrew, your questions are much appreciated.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, thanks guys.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Another question for me. So, does Akash has a free giveaway shop for great questions? For example, I want Nike t-shirt heavy has with the cash logo or you do make it by yourself. I mean,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: from the swag side. I mean, I've been out of swag. I've been out.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, Tyler has a little sweat shop.

Cheng Wang: I'm just pitching the shirts.

Andrew Gnatyuk: you want No problem. here you go. Okay.

Cheng Wang: Sorry. I just had to No,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. I mean, I don't have any updates on any swag items,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: but there you go.

Cheng Wang: we don't have the swag they get made essentially for each event.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay. Yes.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, thank you, they get made for each event separately.

Cheng Wang: So, we don't necessarily have control over that. So, part of the community budget goes towards this. and in terms of special things like I think what Hue's rocking right now was what we had for Kosh Accelerate last year for the court team members.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, that looks awesome.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: That's great.

Cheng Wang: That's a hyper limited edition.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I mean, yeah. Yeah,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: I might as well have made those shirts myself from last year.

Scott Hewitson: I think you did make them yourself. He was ironing it on.

Cheng Wang: Jesus. Yes.

Andrew Gnatyuk: that's great. That's great. No, the swack is super cool.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Cool.

Scott Hewitson: Any other questions for me, Andrew? If not, I'll let anyone else do it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: No, no,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: no. I'm good.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you as always.

Scott Hewitson: Does anyone have any other questions or comments or concerns or just anything they want to say about SIG economics, the community pool or anything at all?

Zeke Ezagui: I love sig economics.

Scott Hewitson: You do.

Cheng Wang: Love it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I will make a t-shirt.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I will make a t-shirt with the sign I love sig economics and then a cash log we're doing the guilt here like s e economics guild guilt I'm in s economics

Scott Hewitson: Hey, there's a good idea. That's a good idea. I actually really like that.

Cheng Wang: Go to sleep in it.

Scott Hewitson: I would wear a SIG economic shirt for I did say earlier I wanted to talk about something else, but I was actually gonna put, Robert Koshig on blast since he's been on these calls for quite a while. I think honestly since the beginning.

Scott Hewitson: he's a researcher at 1KX venture capital firm. I kind of follow him on Twitter and all that stuff. he does a lot of research on deepen tokconomics and puts out some pretty good stuff. I was going to ask him if he could provide just in general anything of note or anything interesting that's happening across deepen economics. he's obviously gone now, but I'll reach out because honestly I think it'd be cool to see, if he's willing, maybe a 10-minute or 15 minute spot to just kind of talk about all the stuff he's doing. and the things he's looking for from Akos, too. I've talked with him a few times outside of calls. Super interesting guy. yeah, I'll reach out to him separately on that.


### 00:45:00

Scott Hewitson: hopefully he can provide some updates on just the eco, deepen at large because I think it's pretty cool. I know, some of the other calls, they've got guest speakers or they got, people talking sharing things or whatever. Robert's probably the closest guy for us, other than hearing me and Chang just talk about nonsense for, 45 minutes. it'd be nice to hear some other voices.

Scott Hewitson: But with that I don't really have anything else. I'll open it up one last time. Any comments, questions, concerns, or if you want to say you love say econ again, you can do that again. Zeke. All right.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I love Siggon again.

Scott Hewitson: All as always, appreciate everyone's time and those that are, listening appreciate you taking the time to listen as well. if you have any comments, questions, concerns, please put them into the channel. I'll be sure to respond as fast as I can. Chang, what you got?

Cheng Wang: Last call I do have to always say is Andrew since you participate so much if you have any folks out there who are AI shops specifically right looking for computer resources that are whether they're startups or not so a lot of startups and obviously in different phases we either reached out to have met in events or stuff like that.  If you come across any that you think are great fit for us or just the potential, please don't hesitate to introduce us, where we are. We are always looking for of course new customers

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah yeah yeah sure what I was thinking that one guy reached out to me I guess yesterday he is building an AI aggregator for native deployment on the cloud he was using the standard clouds and I was asking him about the decentralized one on the crypto he said he's not working with them at the moment but still I think this is probably one of our I'm not saying customers but that could

Andrew Gnatyuk: lead us to the potential customers with the work of AI that he can just do the easy deploy I don't know‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: Always good to start.

Andrew Gnatyuk: if that's going to work actually but that's like agree I will talk to him and‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Send it over.

Scott Hewitson: You never know when a call can turn out to be something great. So being open.

Cheng Wang: Exactly. Beautiful.

Andrew Gnatyuk: if things will work out I will send it over to you

Scott Hewitson: Thank you,‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Love it. All I think with that we can end today's call. again, as always, appreciate you guys' time. Appreciate those that are listening. And we will see you next month in SIG economics,‚Ä¶

Scott Hewitson: maybe with a t-shirt.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah,‚Ä¶

Andrew Gnatyuk: that's great. I'll try to print you one before that before the next call. So yes, see you guys.

Scott Hewitson: right, take care everybody.

Andrew Gnatyuk: 

Andrew Gnatyuk: You guys next month.

Zeke Ezagui: Appreciate it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye. Right.

Scott Hewitson: Yeah.

Zeke Ezagui: 

Zeke Ezagui: Appreciate it.

Tyler Wright: I love big economics.

Zeke Ezagui: Let's go and change.

o√Øclid: Live long and prosper everybody.


### Meeting ended after 00:49:14 üëã

