# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #26

## Agenda
- Governance proposals and status updates
- Overview of Provider Console [Prop AEP32](https://www.mintscan.io/akash/proposals/288)
- Akash Accelerate event planning
- Progress on market-making and PIP02 dashboard
- Community contributions and open discussion


## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday, April 09, 2025  
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://4tkm5q4i4omrhk7qdaxeyuipc2lq4ybgp2cptu3tnwun5s7exsba.arweave.net/5NTOw4jjmROr8BguTFEPFpcOYCZ-hPnTc22o3svkvII)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Scott Hewitson  
- Cheng Wang  
- Alex Pedersen  
- Andrew Gnatyuk  
- Jannick H  
- Julius Haus  
- Rodri R  
- B S  

## Meeting Notes

### Governance Proposals and Status
- Two active proposals:
  - Prop AEP32 â€“ Provider Console
  - Akash Community Activities
- Recent proposals passed:
  - Quarterly Community Programs and Events proposals approved
  - Designed to manage volatility in AKT and carry over surpluses or deficits each quarter
- Akash Accelerate proposal is expected to go on-chain soon; community input is welcome

### Provider Console (Prop AEP32)
- Introduced to enhance provider experience and onboarding
- Built on Praetor foundation, this proposal focuses on:
  - Analytics and observability: providers can now view uptime, earnings, machine health
  - Deployment and management tools to install Akash software and onboard resources
- Goals:
  - Enable providers to onboard independently without needing core team guidance
  - Move Akash closer to a truly permissionless and decentralized network
- Community is encouraged to test the console, submit bugs, and provide feedback via GitHub

### Akash Accelerate Event
- Annual flagship event, returning for a second year
- Last year held in Austin around the same time as Consensus; this year will be in Brooklyn, New York in late June
- Event aims to:
  - Celebrate Akash's progress over the past year (launch of AOS, Provider Console, GPU expansion)
  - Highlight developments in decentralized AI and training infrastructure
  - Attract builders, developers, and partners to grow the network
- Community contributors like Julius and Jannick praised for their work on chat APIs and Akashservices

### Market Making and PIP02
- Scott continues reconciling PIP02 commitments and spending; dashboard is nearly updated
- Efforts to improve reporting on market-making prop success:
  - Historical bid/ask spread data requested from partners
  - Overclock Labs working on dashboards to reflect liquidity depth and slippage data
- Legal limitations prevent full transparency of contract terms, but aggregate performance data will be shared

### Open Floor and Closing
- Scott invited attendees to ask questions or share thoughts
- No major questions were raised; meeting wrapped early
- Reminder to share feedback or proposal ideas in the SIG Economics Discord channel

## Action Items

- Scott Hewitson:
  - Finalize and share updated PIP02 dashboard in Discord
  - Coordinate market-making metrics reporting for community visibility

- Cheng Wang:
  - Oversee execution of Provider Console improvements
  - Share GitHub issue tracking with the community for ongoing feedback

- Community Members:
  - Test Provider Console and submit feedback via GitHub
  - Review and vote on current proposals, especially Prop AEP32
  - Reach out with interest to contribute to Akash Accelerate or Akash development


## **Transcript**

Scott Hewitson: All started the other recording in case the other one's not working. but welcome April 9th. It's SIG Economics. we've had a bunch of these calls now. The last one was only two or three weeks ago, so we may not have as much to talk about. but kind of just lay out, the format for those who may be listening in newer. we kind of go through pro prop crops that are currently on chain or talk through props that are either up or about to go maybe talk a little bit about some discussions. I know some of this stuff is covered in steering committee. especially for people wanting to put up proposals for funding, but we kind of like to cover things here as well.

Scott Hewitson: and then we cover a little bit from what we're thinking from overclock lab side reporting any updates that we have from our end and then I like to open things up to folks for questions or ideas. sometimes we get some good ideas out of here. So always want to make sure that folks feel that their voices are heard and good ideas percolate to the top. so I want to continue to foster that kind of environment for that to happen. So with that looking here so we have two props currently up for voting. One went up earlier today 832 for provider console which I'll have chain give a little color on in a little bit. the other one is the Akash community activities.

Scott Hewitson: so the activities and programs as well as events go up quarterly. so there's a big prop at the beginning kind of signaling what we want to do for the year and then the quarterlys request funds. It's mostly because of the volatility of AKT. and then any surplus or deficits are included in those subsequent props. So yeah right now the programs passed I think a day or two ago.  activities is up, events past as well, and then 832, which is provider console is up at the moment. going over to discussions, I know there's always a bunch of stuff going on. I won't really cover too much except for maybe Akos Accelerate was put up by Amanda two weeks ago.

Scott Hewitson: so that will likely go on chain sometime in the near future. and if anyone has any questions on that, we can talk about that as so from last time I had a couple action items that I put in SIG economics in the Discord, try to hold myself accountable a little bit. one was reconcile PIP 2 commitments and spend and then find a way to report on the success of the market making prop. So there was a big market making prop to essentially increase depths make the markets more deep so that people can get in and out of positions with less volatility. I know macro environment's a little crazy at the moment.

Scott Hewitson: So, there's only so much we can do to help markets, with using market makers and increasing depth, especially when there's huge sell-offs across any asset in the world really right now. crypto's kind of taking a beating. it kind of is what it is. It's cycles and flows. so from the PIP O2 side, I think I've said I'm kind of on paternity leave.  I did do quite a bit of reconciliation work, so that dashboard is not quite up to date, but it's getting there. it's a lot of contracts, a lot of spend. I just want to make sure everything's buttoned up before, we start saying, "Hey, this is actually what it is." it currently has some numbers. and usually when we make those dashboards, it has a as of date.

Scott Hewitson: So, as of the date that it was, it's good, but I don't want to say that it's perfect at the moment. That's something I'm going to continue to work and I'll probably again for my accountability to drop it to Discord once, we feel like it's in a good place. the other point was finding a good way to report on the success of the market making props. So, part of those props is increasing depths. we do have so from overclock side we have I'll call it dashboards or intel from a service provider to kind of give big ass spreads and just some data behind it. I've put in the request since the last call to kind of get more historicals because we were just getting weekly.


### 00:05:00

Scott Hewitson: So, I'd like to see if we can get something useful that we can share with the community to maintain all the transparency the actual terms of marking making agree agreements it's a little bit hard to share just for legal reasons but to the extent we can share we will so those were two things that I had called out from the last call yeah let's see what else at this time we can kind of jump into things. Chang, are you able to give a little highlight on AP32 for fighter console just because it live now on chain as

Scott Hewitson: yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yes, indeed.

Cheng Wang: No, great great summary and thank you for that. couldn't said anything better myself. and so yeah, with AP32 provider console, which one was AP32 again? My god, there's so many. it is for provider console, I Let's see. Yep. it was for the initial launch of the provider console.  So obviously the first go around I think there as far as acquiring and merging the prairie team right into a kosh network that was done via funding by the community partially by overclock labs right and then subsequent to that there was the merging the two code bases that was substantially done again via the original prop and this here is to really build out the flesh out like a

Cheng Wang: brand new version of the provider console that can help really achieve a few things, right? There are two components here. you're talking about analytics and observability. That's one part of the provider console that wasn't in Predator originally, which is if a provider comes in and use the software to manage their stack and to manage their machines. They want to be able to see how much they're earning, what their uptime is, all the kind of the data providers need to assess the health of their machines and how they're performing, right?  So there's the data and observability component to it. In addition to that, there's the physical manifestation and building of the provider, When I say building provider, I mean literally I guess online, right? You're going to install the Akashsoftware, get the machines online so that you can start to serve workloads on the AOSH network. So there's two components there. So there's kind of the building and management of the provider itself and there's the data and observability of it.

Cheng Wang: provider console in its current GA iteration. It's already been released I think fourish weeks ago at this point in time is meant to do those two things and currently We've already integrated a bunch of feedback from some of the early alpha or beta users if you will to further enhance it.  I think there's a bunch of GitHub issues that are publicly available that you can see if you go to Akashnetworks GitHub you go to console and you kind of filter for provider console tag and look for closed and open issues you'll be able to see those there yeah so this is going to be really really powerful and really essential for Kosh network's future growth in that it'll allow providers to come on board of their own valition number one and number two be able to manage themselves without direct

Cheng Wang: help hopefully, right, from the core team or the community and so they can do a lot of the work and heavy lifting themselves. And that pushes us closer to kind of realizing the vision of a fully permissionless decentralized provider and tenant network, of both users on either side rather who can go and use resources and bring their resources on and off without essentially painstaking technical expertise that's required today for providers to really get on board. So that should be really powerful and please go for and use it and break it.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you for that context.

Cheng Wang: Give us feedback submit bugs and issues and whatnot and go from there.

Scott Hewitson: As a reminder, that's up for voting. It's on chain at the moment. yeah, I mean, high level, there's quite a few things we learned from some of the pips, too, is the amount of effort needed to spin up providers. So anything we can do to make things easier we can grow things but unless you can scale easily you can't get that up in the right kind of growth. So it's just another step towards cloud parody.

Scott Hewitson: But yeah let's see what else is there chain because accelerate is up and that prop the discussion was put up after sig economics last time do you feel comfortable talking a little bit about that like a high level for everyone listening orâ€¦


### 00:10:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah. For sure.

Scott Hewitson: on the recording so there was accelerate last year this is the second annual and yeah so I'll let and go into it a little bit more.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. A Kosh Accelerator for those of you who don't know is kind of a Kosh network's flagship annual event. We hope that this will continue to grow and proliferate into something way bigger, and more badass than it ever was.  And so the first year was really really successful. we hosted that in late May last year here in Austin, Texas. I say here because that's currently where I reside. here you're in Austin, Texas. And it was on the I guess coattails might be the wrong word, but we essentially rode the coattails of consensus by doing it just the day before.

Cheng Wang: and the idea there is to have it at the proximity of a major event that's happening where a lot of people are already traveling into that area or city, So that a customer can benefit from a lot of the momentum and people already there, And so this year we're following that same model. we're not doing it in consensus this year because it's over in Canada. and so, right, I think Toronto, we'll see how they feel about all the Americans going up there this year after the trade awards, but I'll put that on the shelf for now. But this year is going to be in New York, towards the end of June. and yeah, we're currently reaching out to a lot of folks, building a fantastic lineup hopefully of speakers and attendees. we're going to have, I think a pretty awesome space there in Brooklyn.

Cheng Wang: If you guys are familiar with New York, it's kind of out of burrow one of the burrows outside of Manhattan. and really cool spot, I think, and we're going to have, bunch of good speakers and talk about a lot of really cool stuff, not just what's coming down the pike, but also what we've achieved, I mean, just if you think about the last kind of year since the last accelerate to here, we've launched Apes and we started working substantially towards it.  we've successfully merged and launched provider console right onto a poss network.  we've just think about where our GPUs were back then into now, right? And so I think it's a ripe time for a lot of things to develop and especially for training and decentralized training, And decentralized training is becoming kind of this next wave coming in within specifically crypto AI and in order to decentralized training, you need decentralized network of GPUs and infrastructure to enable that.

Cheng Wang: So Kosh network is firmly planted I think in a great spot at this point in time to grow 10x from here I think in terms of revenue especially if we can execute and do everything we've slated on the AA road map and in addition to the AA road mapap out there which is on our website if you go to a network I think roadmap there's a lot of other work that's happening behind the scenes as well kind of feeding into  those things. So if anyone's interested, right, in contributing at any point I have to plug just let us know. For example, Yannik and Julius right have contributed mightily on a chat API, all these services and others to help get Akashto where it is today. Right?

Cheng Wang: So those things were not on the AAP road map, but were kind of side projects at that point in time to really help demonstrate what our capabilities are to show the world like hey all this stuff is possible and these guys have been working handover fist to really bring this stuff to bear. So thank you to you guys especially Julia you've been with us for hot minute I saw the heart there. thank Heart back at you. and yeah so please if you guys are interested reach out to Julius.

Scott Hewitson: Awesome. Thank you for that,â€¦

Cheng Wang: 

Cheng Wang: You reach out to Scott, myself, whatever it is. we could always use more capable developers in the community.

Scott Hewitson: Chang. yeah. So, from overclock side, I think that's kind of, I don't really have anything else other than I still need to get those things that I called out earlier done. and we'll keep folks posted on that as it develops. at this time I want to open it up to anyone for questions or concerns or, anything at all, random thoughts, good, bad, or ugly. to give anyone the floor if they want it. I know Andrew is usually good for a question or two. If not, no worries. yeah.


### 00:15:00

Scott Hewitson: So I think I mean like I said, we had a call it was a little shorter time between the last one, not a ton of huge developments in between. yeah, so I'll give everyone one last chance to raise a hand or ask a question in the chat and see if we can answer. Otherwise, I can kind of end things early today and let everyone have some time back get on with their days. once, going twice. All right. as always, appreciate folks for joining these calls. please, if sometimes I know folks don't want to talk on the call. if you want to hit up in Discord, you can tag me or see economics.

Scott Hewitson: Any questions, ideas? like I said, good ideas percolate to the top and you'd be surprised how many ideas that people have had, from the community that get implemented into props or, other things. Who are you and what have you done with the real Andrew? all right. You guys are with that, I'm going to end the recording and end the call, but I hope everyone has a good day and we'll see you at next month's call.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone.

Rodri R: You guys.

Cheng Wang: Thanks. Take care.

Rodri R: Thank you.

Scott Hewitson: Thank you.


### Meeting ended after 00:16:33 ðŸ‘‹

