# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #27

## Agenda

* Review of proposals and governance updates
* Status of PIP02 and upcoming PIP03
* Market making deployment update and liquidity metrics
* Tenant Incentives Pilot (TIPS) introduction
* Community event ROI and lead tracking
* Incentive models for insiders and community scouts

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday,  May 7, 2025  
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Scott Hewitson
* Cheng Wang
* Andrew Gnatyuk
* Tyler Wright
* Rodri R

## Meeting Notes

### Governance and Funding Updates

* Proposals passed since April include AP32 (Provider Console) and Accelerate event funding.
* PIP02 reconciliation completed and updated in the [community pool spend reporting repo](https://github.com/akash-network/community/tree/main/community-pool-spend-reporting).

  * Transparency encouraged through voluntary reporting for all proposals receiving funding.
* Dashboards have been updated to reflect latest spend and contract details.

### Market Making and Liquidity

* Cheng reported that \$1.6M of the remaining \$3.5M AKT is being deployed across two market makers.
* By the end of May, all allocated funds should be deployed, aiming for enhanced liquidity and tighter bid-ask spreads.
* Focus remains on depth (+/-2%) and spread reduction to improve trading experience for large transactions.
* Exchanges like Coinbase and Gate have shown measurable improvements in depth since the program began.

### PIP03 Preview

* PIP03 will follow a new model focused on capital efficiency:

  * Smaller in size but designed for longer-term impact.
  * Moves away from flat subsidy contracts to a model based on guaranteed utilization.
  * Targeting contract durations beyond one year, ideally two.
* The proposal will enter community discussion within 2–3 weeks.

### Tenant Incentives Pilot (TIPS)

* Cheng introduced a multi-tiered approach for tenant onboarding:

  * **Compute credits** to reduce friction for new tenants.
  * **Loyalty rebates** for sustained usage on Akash.
  * **Targeted incentives** for verticals like decentralized training protocols (e.g., PrimeLab, Jensen).
  * **Free trials**, now redesigned with improved bot protection and verification methods.
* These mechanisms are intended to scale tenant adoption sustainably.

### Event ROI and Community Engagement

* Andrew raised questions about how event outcomes are tracked.

  * Cheng explained KPIs include brand awareness, lead generation, and long-term partner relationships.
  * Navigators now follow up with leads, and a CRM system is in place to track interactions.
  * Community members asked for retroactive and shareable summaries from events, such as lead numbers and quality conversations.
* Amanda has prepared Q1 retrospectives and reports to be shared with the community.

### Incentive Model for Insiders and Scouts

* Andrew proposed a bounty-based model where insiders and community members earn rewards for:

  * Sourcing quality leads
  * Facilitating integrations or partnerships
* Example: a scout earns \$200 or a percentage of spend after a verified integration.
* Scott and Cheng endorsed the idea and discussed a framework that could tie incentives to network spend or onboarding outcomes.
* Suggestion to formalize this into an “Insider Engagement” strategy using existing roles like Navigators and Insiders.

### Tenant Onboarding Across Chains

* Andrew proposed easier onboarding for non-Cosmos developers using USDC on Solana or other chains.
* Cheng responded that credit card payments are already solving much of this friction and are preferred over building multi-chain bridges.

  * Projects can start with no blockchain interaction, using card-based payment and free trial credits.
  * Tenant onboarding has been designed to be chain-agnostic and accessible for builders from any ecosystem.

### Q\&A Highlights

* **Market Makers**:

  * Currently 3–4 active partners, not disclosed publicly.
  * Support varies by exchange; some venues (like Huobi) are not covered due to risk.
  * Depth fluctuations (e.g., Gate.io issue) attributed to temporary market maker downtime.

* **Events**:

  * Metrics like lead count and partner outcomes will be shared in reports without exposing private data.

* **Feature Feedback**:

  * Tenants regularly influence roadmap features such as TEE, JWT observability, and GPU preferences (H100s, A100s).
  * Suggestions are prioritized based on repetition and active usage.

* **Grants Program**:

  * Andrew proposed reviving mid-sized grants (\$5K–\$50K) for features not prioritized by core team.
  * Scott confirmed bounties exist for small tasks and supported creating a mid-tier funding program between bounties and full on-chain proposals.

## Action Items

* Scott Hewitson:

  * Ensure PIP02 dashboards remain up to date and accurate.
  * Finalize market making deployment and start reporting metrics to the community.
  * Consider formalizing mid-tier grant funding alongside bounties and proposals.

* Cheng Wang:

  * Launch PIP03 discussion on GitHub within 2–3 weeks.
  * Draft TIPS proposal and structure incentives across credit, loyalty, and trial layers.
  * Evaluate implementation of a scout/referral incentive program for insiders.

* Tyler Wright:

  * Share SIG Economics meeting updates in Telegram to improve visibility for retail participants.
  * Coordinate event KPIs and proposal discussions with SIG Community and SIG Support.

* Andrew Gnatyuk:

  * Follow up on retrospective sharing and support building a grants pipeline.
  * Continue relaying community feedback and market data questions from Telegram.
  * Work with Adam on defining the scout-to-navigator lead model.

* Community Members:

  * Participate in discussions on PIP03, TIPS, and event feedback.
  * Refer builders and startups to Akash and engage with navigators for integration.
  * Use GitHub and Discord to share suggestions and improvement ideas.

## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All right, here we go. It is Wednesday, May 7th, uh for this month's installment of SIG Economics, my favorite community call out there, but I'm super biased. Um how we, you know, for those, you know, thanks for everyone coming. Uh those that are listening after the fact, thanks for listening. I'm not sure how many do, but you know, I know there are some. So, appreciate you all. um how we kind of you know the the format for these kind of go through what we talked about last week or last month rather um go through like any proposals or um anything that's gone on chain since the last call um and then you know any usually overclock we have some some updates from some of the programs we're running um and then I like to open things up for questions my guy Andrew is here so I know I'm going to get some good questions um but Then also, you know, open it up for any ideas. Um, I know I say that all the time, open up ideas and, you know, we we get a lot of good stuff from the community. \
  \
 


### 00:01:06

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, I feel like if if you have anything, please please let us know because it it does get incorporated more than you would think. But with that, we'll kick things off. So last last month's call um I think the two before that it was like it was a short gap so there wasn't much um update from last call but we talked briefly about um AP32 which uh went on um went on chain after uh and then talked a little like accelerate. I know Amanda um talks about that more in uh community and like the events calls, but that passed and um was good. And then let's see what else. Yeah, Accelerate. And then um you know, the big one from my end was the the PIPO 2 stuff. Um you know, huge program. It's over $10 million. Um so that's been reconciled, updated. Um the dashboards um are live or still live but they're updated now. Um and I'm going to drop the link there. So this is this the repo for the community pool spend reporting. \
  \
 


### 00:02:18

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um it's an area for uh anyone who puts up a proposal to to throw you know like a transparency report any kind of reporting they want to do. uh overclock from overclock side we we try to for every single prop we put up it's also open for anyone who does take funding um just kind of helps with goodwill in the community and making sure that you know these community funds that everybody in the whole network owns are being spent in a way that's helping grow the network. So check that out. Um let's see what else we got. Uh yeah, so that was my big action was getting PIPO 2 stuff. And you can ask Cheng that had to spend hours doing that because it's a lot more than people think. You know, there's a lot of contracts, a lot of lot of vendors, a lot of things go wrong, a lot of changes. Um but, you know, I think we're we're in a good spot now. Um okay, I thought I had a comment from someone. \
  \
 


### 00:03:16

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um the other thing we talked about previously was uh you know the market making proposal. Um and I talked about some reporting to get you know I think Andrew had this question like some kind of reporting metrics. Um I will say from overclock side we are getting outside of the the proposal we we have a vendor that's giving us some like weekly reports. Um I'm kind of waiting until we get a little bit more long time frame and then uh maybe we can show something in the aggregate. But if you just if you go to, you know, Coin Gecko and start and look at markets, I I think the goal before the prop, right, was we wanted to have, you know, 4 500k depth on on either side, 2%. And we were around 200, two 250. Um, I mean, you can just go on there today and see the top three exchanges were at, you know, 400 and then you have all the other exchanges. So, uh, it's definitely, you know, helped. Um, I know some people may not think, but I I I really think that it's uh it's been a good job and um honestly I mean price has kind of rebounded a little bit too. \
  \
 


### 00:04:23

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** It's only so much we can do. You know, you can't force everyone to buy tokens or sell tokens or whatever. You can just make an attractive market with lots of liquidity. So that's that's what we try to do to um urge people on both sides of the transaction or of the trades. Um let's see. I think that's all I really had to cover uh just from the opening standpoint. Props. Yep, those are good. Yeah. Um Chang, I'm going to pass it over to you in case you want to talk about anything on on the horizon or uh add any context or color to anything that I've said so far. \
**Cheng Wang:** For sure. No, it's been uh great coverage there, Scott. Um echo and cosign everything you said there. I'll just spend a little bit of time on the market making side, right? And uh just to give everyone a more um uh in-depth update there is we are on the cusp of completing the deployment of the first trunch of funds. \
  \
 


### 00:05:26

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So for complete transparency, we requested 3.5 million AKT. We've um are down to the last 1.6 and so the uh last bit of 1.6 million of AKT remaining is going to be split between um two separate market makers. We've been kind of working with two to three um and yeah, so we should expect those to be completed um or at least fully committed within the next two weeks um and operational uh within that time frame as well. So I anticipate rather by the end of the month we should be fully deployed and and all the capital is out there and working for us and and so the markets you should see an further enhancement in liquidity. Um and yeah so that that's kind of where things are currently and you know I think proof is in the pudding. you'll see you know um the markets I think the dep that depth is is continuing to be continuing to enhance um and of course that enhancement is going to draw additional um trades right um both institutional retail etc and so there are really two components to this one is depth right your plus two minus two how much can you kind of buy within that 2% range or sell within that 2% range um but there's also liquidity right and part of a component of that is going to be how tight the spreads are when you actually go into the order books, right? \
  \
 


### 00:06:44

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And that essentially it is a version of like transaction cost. You can think of it that way, right? So when you're trying to buy, you're trying to sell and you cross from that midpoint to, you know, offer or bid um bit or offer, excuse me. Yeah. So  you're going to want the tight the spreads to be as tight as possible. So that's another um area we're going to be focusing on with our marketing just to continue to tighten those, right? so that when people come in and out um it'll make it easier, much easier and less costly, less punitive um for large trades to come in and out. So that's uh one of the things that we're baking into one of the market makers as a key metric to target um with this last one of the last trunch of funds that that we have currently available. Uh so yeah, there's that on the market making side. If you guys have Thank you, Huie. Always with uh with Johnny on spot with these. \
  \
 


### 00:07:33

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um, if you guys have any questions on right market making stuff, please do ask and and then of course we can open up later on as well. Uh, as far as things kind of coming down the pike. Well, as you guys know, um, Helen mentioned he spent, you know, a lot of lot of time pulling out hair and and working on the PIPO3 reconciliation. I mean, Pipo 2, excuse me. We are on the cusp of um launching PIP or getting ready to push PIP 03 into community discussions and I anticipate that to be done sometime in the next two weeks um for you know obviously get it up on community discussion for feedback and um incorporate like and Scott said it well right you guys have a much greater impact than you might think um and so there's a lot of influence and and push that from you guys that gets incorporated ultimately to you know existing props as well as subsequent ones. So, pip 03 should be coming online uh in GitHub. So, keep an eye out for that within the next two weeks or so and um if not maximum most at most three weeks I think it should be up and operational and the model there is going to be quite a bit different than the previous two. \
  \
 


### 00:08:41

  \
**Cheng Wang:** It should be far more capital efficient. So, so key takeaways here before you know spilling the beans on everything is what are the differences? The differences are one this is going to be smaller in size number one because we're changing the operating model quite a quite a lot. Um and the reason for that is to make it more capital efficient for Akash network. Um to put uh to really test a brand new way of operating that I it'll be really exciting. I don't want to spoil anything here but I want to kind of save the ammunition for when we launch this thing um for for discussion. And um ultimately it should be um it should also keep resources on a cost network for far longer as well. All the subsequent contracts have either been kind of small um contracts either testing one month at a time or uh year long right at most. So we're with PIPO3 we really want to get that duration stretched out longer than one year ideally two years or more. And so those are those are the kind of the key takeaways for PIPO3. \
  \
 


### 00:09:38

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um so yeah I'll I'll pause there for the time being. any questions or early thoughts? If not, I'll go to my last item, which is uh tenant incentives. So, I know we've been talking about tenant incentives for a while. There are a lot of other Depin projects out there that have done um tenant incentives and you know in in ways like onchain incentives is one of those things, right, that we've always talked about and I think um it is high time now from a network side now that supply has stabilized. we've really we really understand the ins and outs of managing um and bringing on providers. Uh with PIPO3, we fully anticipate really fleshing out a second model that will hopefully be more sustainable in the way going forward. And I'm I'm sure we'll also learn and iterate from there nonetheless. But uh tenant incentives uh pilot 01 uh or tips uh and no one's going to talk me off that ledge there uh is going to be something we're also drawing up and we'll launch to the community for discussion and feedback. \
  \
 


### 00:10:41

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And the tenant incentives here uh you know loosely talking is going to encompass a few things, right? It's going to encompass one um compute credits right for projects for people who are coming into a looking for an easy way to get started right and the compute credits will allow people to you know I think bridge the gap from where they were to where they are now um to let them explore a network more meaningfully um and and that's one two are kind of like best way I can characterize it right now is kind of like loyalty rebates if you will so really to attract larger tenants to come to Akash and to stay on Akash and to continue to grow their utilization, right? Um to give some sort of like loyalty credits back to them as well to continue to so that the more they spend, the more time they spend on a Kosh network, um the greater kind of like percentage or some sort of rebate that they get back. Um that'll hopefully encourage more people to come on, right? \
  \
 


### 00:11:36

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And so that so that's like one that's a second tier. A third would be um kind of more uh so there are four things and the third would be uh programs that are more directed at specific use cases. So for example um yeah I'm not exactly sure what those might be yet but for example there might be a target at let's say um decentralized training protocols right like what prime is doing what news is doing etc what Jensen is doing and for Akash to participate way more meaningfully there and instead of like doing a broad strokes program um that anybody can apply to is to focus it for these exact things right so we can talk about in a very narrow scope and and really measure success or failure there. Um the last one is going to be for free trials. As you know, free trials are this and that and the other way and just really messy. And at this point in time, the core team is um in addition to the community. Well, really the core team has taken a huge step in terms of mitigating not just like the abuse and bots potentially, right? \
  \
 


### 00:12:35

  \
**Cheng Wang:** But um now to focus the trial on more legitimate users and to help power that and do that more systematically, right? Um, so that'll all of that stuff is to really bring you users onto Akash, tenants onto Akos, um, scale them up and create a sustainable program to power them through over the foreseeable future. So yeah, keep a eye out for tenant incentives pilots or tips and um, that's my spiel there. Back to you in the newsroom, Scott. I'm gonna use that from now on. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thank you, Chang, for those updates. The weather is great today, so appreciate that. Um, no, that's good. Um, you know, if anyone has any questions, comments, concerns as it relates to PIPO3, um, the new way of doing things, um, or just, you know, the tenant incentives, feel free to, um, drop any notes in in Discord and, um, or, you know, DM me or or feel free to, you know, talk here if you'd like. Um, with that, I think we've kind of covered the things we, you know, a little recap. \
  \
 


### 00:13:41

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** um my opening monologue and then some some updates from from overclock side. Uh kind of want to open it up now to any questions um just in general. Any ideas, questions, comments um anything at all that is on your mind, Andrew. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Oh, \
**Rodri R:** That named. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Ty hand. Ty raised his hand. Okay, I'm gonna give it to Ty first. Sorry. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. He he was first. All good. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, mine's not won't be as good as Andrew, but um on the heels of cheng talking about some PIPO3 that discussion that'll be happening soon as well as attend uh the tips. Um I I'll I'll jump on the bandwagon. The tips that'll also be in discussion soon. I do want to we talked about this in SIG community and a couple of other calls. There are some other like there's an aep discussion that'll be going on up for discussion in the next couple of days. \
  \
 


### 00:14:35

  \
**Tyler Wright:** That's some work um that we've talked about in steering committee sig support and some of the other special interest groups around some of the work that the core engineering team and product team have been working on um that is either will be launching soon um or is already live um as well as we talked about this in sig community the DI space which is like a community space that we want to make available to um folks when they're around this space we want to you that Akash uh can use for events so um this is something that again we talked on sig community but uh there will be a proposal on chain. So as it pertains to economics and like uh numbers please feel free to get involved in discussion because this is a very lively group here. So I just want to bring it to your attention as we lead up to it and just \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Tyler Wright:** uh hear any feedback u approval etc. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thank you for that, Ty. I think that might be the first time you've you've said something big in SIG economics. \
  \
 


### 00:15:30

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, welcome to the club. It's all right. Ty Ty is \
**Tyler Wright:** It \
**Scott Hewitson:** like the \
**Tyler Wright:** wasn't \
**Scott Hewitson:** man. He he he \
**Tyler Wright:** it \
**Scott Hewitson:** runs \
**Tyler Wright:** wasn't even \
**Scott Hewitson:** he \
**Tyler Wright:** economics \
**Scott Hewitson:** runs \
**Tyler Wright:** related. \
**Scott Hewitson:** and No, I mean, it's cool stuff there. So, it's definitely economics related. No, Ty I give Ty a hard time. He he's like the man. He runs most of these community groups. um you know, this \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** is like the one that I the one that I help out with so I can kind of alleviate some of his his workload. But yeah, he's he's all over the place and it's it's great um because he keeps \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** everyone everyone together and everyone accountable, which I love. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** um \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Uh \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** it's like you know agree to disagree because like everything that like we are doing is economics related I would say you know like even the tech team so like our end goal more integrations and more money we are here for the money so \
  \
 


### 00:16:15

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like yeah and we're \
**Scott Hewitson:** Uh \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** building \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** but but yeah but we are here for the money like \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. I mean everything that touches money, right? Could be \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah, it's \
**Scott Hewitson:** economics, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** economic economics related. So, \
**Scott Hewitson:** right? Um cool. Um yeah, Andrew, did you want to uh jump in, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** um \
**Scott Hewitson:** ask your question or comments? \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** yeah, yeah, yeah. Few few few questions. Uh the one is like from basically coin gecko right like right now. Um so uh the second exchange on volume uh at the moment is um wait a second \
**Scott Hewitson:** f*** it. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** is is OKX like huobi global exchange. Um it has like super low depths. It has like 400 and but super big volume. Uh so the question is is this like our MM's doing is our doing or it's like they like on they on their own and we have nothing to do with that because it's like it's looks really really strange a bit when we like we're trying to increase depths and the depths is super super low but the volume is super big you know. \
  \
 


### 00:17:21

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, \
**Cheng Wang:** I'll take that. \
**Scott Hewitson:** okay. Go for it. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I know you. Yeah. Uh, if you want to hear it, no problem. Like, so for for these \
**Scott Hewitson:** All \
**Cheng Wang:** guys, \
**Scott Hewitson:** good. \
**Cheng Wang:** for Huobi, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Awesome. \
**Cheng Wang:** like we we um currently it is not one of the exchanges we're focused on currently. They have had some issues in the past. I'll just leave it at that. And um in this particular case, right, it is uh definitely not something we're uh supporting with our market makers directly as of \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Mhm. \
**Cheng Wang:** this moment. Um so, yep, that's I'll just kind of leave it at that. I don't know, what do you wanted to add? \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. I mean, I think it's important to know like when you engage with a market maker, um, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Sorry, sorry, \
**Scott Hewitson:** you \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Sorry. \
**Scott Hewitson:** all good? All good. Um yeah, when you engage with a market maker, you know, you might have a market maker and they may say, "Okay, we we cover these three or four venues." \
  \
 


### 00:18:14

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** And then you have another market maker and they cover some other venues and there might be some overlap or some not. Um but yeah, to Cheng's point, the the ones that we are engaged with are not um supporting Hobi at the time. Um, and then yeah, it's kind of like, you know, 24 hour 3 million in 20our 24-hour volume with, you know, a thousand on each side. I mean, it's a little fishy, but I mean, the thing is, too, it's right like anyone can list AKT, anyone can have it on their, you know, centralized exchanges. It's not super transparent. Um, but I mean, you know, the the trust score is high on Coin Gecko, so uh maybe maybe something's going on. I don't know. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the things, right, is like depth relative to volume transacted. It's it's difficult to see how that really works. Um I can see however that like there's there's a thing that market makers do and some individual traders also do which is kind of like volume splitting between exchanges. \
  \
 


### 00:19:21

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So um they for example if you have trades that are you wanted to put through on a particular market um and you find a more advantageous price or a small like momentary dislocation in price you might you know shunt your volume. We might buy one place and sell one place to kind of arbitrage between the two. That might be what's driving volume on Orby if they're not doing anything um fishy. That could be uh what's happening there. And sometimes what could happen with some of these exchanges is uh if they're because like every every significant enough exchange has market makers working on them like at either at the behest of the exchange. So they'll have market makers come in and support volume and make markets for their for their um assets, whichever assets they choose. Um and there are also those who might just go in on their own and see opportunities, right? And make markets themselves and and try to try to just trade that way. And so um that that could also be what's happening here as far as like what is creating um the volume and then transaction the transaction volume for for Hobby. \
  \
 


### 00:20:25

  \
**Cheng Wang:** But as far as like direct insights, don't don't have any because we're they they were they were running into some troubles previously millennium months ago following I think the FTX collapse and everything Yeah. else. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** uh got it. Um we used to have like this uh probably one time um problem with gate io um that uh the deps was like down and there was nothing like pretty big to trade. Um yeah so can you like explain more on the situation if that was also our MM doing or they also on their own I just like don't know \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, no. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like \
**Cheng Wang:** Well, so I mean the the broader \
**Scott Hewitson:** I can \
**Cheng Wang:** here is anywhere you see depth that is significant. Um, it's likely us working with our market makers to make those happen. Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** But not always, right? Not \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** always. \
**Scott Hewitson:** think I think he's talking there's a I think there was a message in Vanguards or somewhere in the \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
  \
 


### 00:21:19

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** community \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. And in \
**Scott Hewitson:** where \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Telegram \
**Scott Hewitson:** so \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** it \
**Scott Hewitson:** like \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** started \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** from from Telegram. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, so on gate chain like they were, you know, right now they're showing 150 on both sides. They're showing like like five grand or like 10 grand. And sometimes that can be a blip to like you as you go like with market makers, right? They'll have, you know, uptime guarantees or whatever or it might be 99 98% or something. So something could be happened from a market maker side where they just their their market making is turned off or maybe went down or had some kind of issues. Um I think we looked at it and it was kind of I think it was resolved within like you know 10 hours eight hours or something. So, I'm not entirely sure uh what happened, but because it came back quickly, that would be the you know, that would be my guess and probably the most likely case is that um something was going on and the market makers were not market making at that Man, \
  \
 


### 00:22:16

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, it could be downtime, right? It does happen. It does happen. Um, and yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Uh okay, got it. Uh do we have like an open uh I don't know list of how many market makers we are working with right now like 5 10 11 \
**Cheng Wang:** No, we \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** how \
**Cheng Wang:** don't have \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** many \
**Cheng Wang:** an open list. We're we're basically working with three at the moment. Um, three to four actually. So, but we don't have an open list. Um, that's not something I feel comfortable like publicizing, you know what I mean? \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I agree agree I'm just \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I'm just asking my questions you know so just to see what can what can I get from you um uh like how many markets have we changed during the last year. I'm I'm asking \
**Cheng Wang:** Thank \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I'm asking. \
**Cheng Wang:** you. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah, I'm asking because like for example probably like few months ago like four months or five months is uh coin was our biggest exchange in terms of volume and it's provided like pretty big right now it's upbeat and it's like was and it's just like coming crazy you know super super fast and super with super big uh volumes operations. \
  \
 


### 00:23:19

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** So yes, so that's why I assume that we have changed the market maker or like we just fired \
**Cheng Wang:** No, it's \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** previous \
**Cheng Wang:** not about changing \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** one. \
**Cheng Wang:** market makers, but really engaging more. Um, so historically we've uh for a while we were working with one when we first launched and then we started working with a second one maybe almost two years ago now. I want to say 18 months or two years ago we were we started working with a second one. Um and now we're working with um two more. So it just depends on the markets they support and the areas where they're be best focused in. Right? So um you don't necessarily want to be completely working with a single market maker a lot of times because it's you you want to get a spectrum of support out there, right? Because then also \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yep. \
**Cheng Wang:** this gives you the data points to compare one to the other um and lets you evaluate the each other um and keep them honest. \
  \
 


### 00:24:08

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, it's not necessarily about changing, but it's about adding. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. \
**Scott Hewitson:** And the \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Are \
**Scott Hewitson:** the \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** we \
**Scott Hewitson:** other the other aspect there too, Andrew, is sometimes, you know, and this has happened maybe a year and a half ago, I don't know, where we'll a one specific market maker will say they're covering five venues or five exchanges and then you know that from what they're seeing, from what they're doing, uh they're like, "Hey, you know, we could probably get more juice out of this uh by just supporting these ones instead. So they might pull from a venue even though you're not uh changing market makers like they might just stop supporting that specific exchange or you know recommendation hey it's it's you know if you put it over here we would get more you know I'll say juice for the squeeze for it but yeah lots of \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Uh, \
**Scott Hewitson:** nuance to it. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** got it. Are are our market makers also covers like the uh futures contracts or just the spot market? \
  \
 


### 00:25:07

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So \
**Cheng Wang:** currently just \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** spot. \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah \
**Cheng Wang:** Sorry. \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** Go ahead. \
**Scott Hewitson:** know um market I mean it's there's not a lot of market makers that are or haven't been doing like covering uh like perpetuals but there I know two at least two of the four um have mentioned that they it's something they're trying to get stood up um that was a little while ago but um yeah I think uh in general purps have taken off quite a bit and I think most market shops are trying to get um that offering out there, right? To market make for per as well as spot markets. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Mhm. Got it. Got it. Uh, okay. Thanks. Um, what do I have? Like I I don't have questions anymore right now, but I might have in a minute. So, just give me a second. \
**Scott Hewitson:** No worries. No, I mean honestly, Andrew, it's it's great that you ask this stuff about the markets because it really like unless you're actually like working with these folk, it's it's kind of a black box and it's kind of like, you know, people, you know, you don't understand everything that goes into it. \
  \
 


### 00:26:14

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, so, you know, try to educate and let let folks know, give as much transparency as as we can. Um because yeah, I know market making is kind of a a bad word sometimes uh especially in this space, but it's kind of like one of those necessary evils. Uh but yeah, I you know, it's all you can do. I think you know and we we've been expanding them. Um the more market makers you have, the better just, you know, that you're essentially pitting them against themselves, too. Um so they're competing against themselves instead of just, you know, extracting value or whatever. Um, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Agree. \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Agree. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Hi. Hi. What's up? Say \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** two \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** questions. Two questions and that's all. What is going on? \
**Tyler Wright:** I know. I know. I mean, I always come here or when I can, I listen. Um, and I always learn a lot. I guess Andrew asks great questions. \
  \
 


### 00:27:07

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I know he gets a lot of these questions from uh Telegram or just from his own like uh sub communities. I wonder if there's value add in if maybe this is already being done but like sharing at least the SIG economics meetings inside of Telegram so that people can um kind of like track it themselves because again I think you speak for a number of people in that community on Telegram that are like trying to get this information and maybe it'd be just be a great resource to make available there if it's not already being \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's actually a great idea. Yep. Um I think uh yeah, we should share it in the telegram especially because like basically all of the questions we are like working with like AKT price is going from there you know. So yeah our our retail our retail investors our retail investors I would say. \
**Scott Hewitson:** That's right. Telegrams, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** retail, Discords, builders. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Agree, agree. \
  \
 


### 00:28:05

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** They actually ask pretty nice questions and there is one I wanted to ask you specifically for the economics. So, basically it's actually involves around events. Um like there was actually a question like uh if we are sponsoring the events uh what are we trying to drive from there? Do we have like some leads, some integrations, some partnerships etc. In terms of the economics like when for example Chenk or you squad or somebody like else from the economic team let's say going to the events do we have like some uh KPIs or like some strategies that what we are we trying to achieve from there like retrieve from the event \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, for sure. I can I can go in there. Um, so so these are that that's a great call out actually. Um, Ty Tai Scott, we should probably note it down. And so so um with at every event we attend, right? There are kind of two or three components to it. there are and those one of those is hard to measure and another one is easy and the third one I don't um I'll just kind of talk through the live right so one is just kind of like uh branding if you will just general awareness right like presence that's like hard to measure because it's it's just like ephemeral out there so most events and attendees of events historically and to date have been I think if I \
  \
 


### 00:29:31

  \
**Cheng Wang:** had to say like crypto especially events are just this just throw money at the wall and hope that the exposure is there and the branding is there and it gets people like interested right so the one part that the other part that that I will say is for us that we're trying to get to especially this year we've become a lot more religious about is leads right and so one of the biggest KPIs for us when it comes to these events is leads and leads meaning emails contacts telegram chats whatever stuff that comes out of these particular events Right? And these leads ultimately at this point in time with Akash should parlay into at some point in time um utilization on the network right so new clients new tenants etc. So whether it's uh or new data center partners right or new um just potential um integrations right that that might be meaningful one way or the other in different aspects of of a network so whether it be on the supply side or the demand side or rather client side or supply side. \
  \
 


### 00:30:32

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So um I would say the one part is this like eh w hand wavy we're going to do this for exposure we're going to do this for brand awareness another part directly as far as KPIs is leads and what that hopefully should feed into um is uh our um rather um utilization on the network and as far as like what we can show for that I think is because we don't want to share like people's private information right like their phone number and emails but I think what we can do is like for each event we can collate um and I think W used to do this maybe but we can formalize this and in like a report um where we can share the number of leads that we've collected for each event um and then ultimately what that mean what that turns into right so so that's that's what I would say there's I said there was a third thing but I don't think there's there's quite a third one unless you guys um think differently another one I suppose the third one is a bit harder to advertise or measure um on like shorter time scales, right? \
  \
 


### 00:31:35

  \
**Cheng Wang:** are things like for example um we for uh not last year but the year before. So at the three years ago at this point in time right or two years ago more than that um we spoke to some lovely folks at Coinbase right and said hey we had an exploratory conversation about listing a kosh right what would it take things like that right so those are kind of the early on relationships that get forged in those in-person meetings that then get carried out through time so those are the kind of things however that we can't necessarily just like come out and say because we don't want to shoot elves in the foot, right? Because these things are, you know, discussed \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** agree. \
**Cheng Wang:** in confidence and stuff like that. So those that would be the third category of like more like private secret things that get that happen that have to happen this way. Um that has less transparency. But as far as what we can report in terms of number of leads that we collect maybe categorically what these leads are, whether they're tenant side or or supply side, we can absolutely share and we have a running spreadsheet actually with this stuff. \
  \
 


### 00:32:40

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So we can you know just remove the the private you know um uh personal information out of it and and kind of just share the quantities. Yeah, that's something we can absolutely do and to answer hopefully that answers your question at least somewhat. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually like was connected me with Amanda. She said that she had um you heavy also in this group. So yeah, you just don't read the discord anymore so often. So yeah uh but uh she said she has retros \
**Cheng Wang:** That is \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** and \
**Cheng Wang:** true. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** and report for Q1 right now and she she can share it. Uh I'm just referring to that uh we had the questions in telegram in in telegram yeah that um basically those leads or like what we have achieved on the events uh can be like a great piece of content to share like for example on Twitter you know like hey guys we had this huge event uh like your money like the money you voted for like from the community poll they didn't they wasn't waste just so we could like drink and like smoke cigarettes you know we had a bunch of this this you know like and have this like great stuff. \
  \
 


### 00:33:45

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I mean I know \
**Cheng Wang:** It's true. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** how how the leads are working. They are mostly in the informal meetings and that's this is how this should be done. Uh and I'm like super okay with that because I'm doing my leads the same way actually. But just as a piece of because like basically people are like for example reading Twitter uh they know that we like entering like or sponsoring some events or like we have like this Akash accelerate big event you know uh they sees that it was spending from the community pool and they just \
**Cheng Wang:** Mhm. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** doesn't like get like where this did where did those money go like go like what are we achieving or what like our KPIs or what we trying to retrieve paying those money or like like submitting all this stuff you know That's the problem. \
**Cheng Wang:** Great \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** So if \
**Cheng Wang:** point. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** we can make make a big a bigger like piece of content from that so they could just like read okay they sponsored this event and this was like a huge success for us maybe not in terms of like bigger deployments or bigger steps on the cash network but like a future promising partnerships or integrations you know like this this is like the piece of I would like to like we we \
  \
 


### 00:34:51

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** should we should have you \
**Cheng Wang:** that's a great one. I think you know leads um I guess we could qualify them as like leads collected and also quality conversations had um right and we can c characterize the quality conversations as those with potential partners, investors, etc. Um yeah, that's that's something we can absolutely report. That's a great idea. It's a great point of feedback, Andrew. \
**Scott Hewitson:** One \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** one thing I want to add to that too is you know in the past uh you know we go to these events there's tons of leads and it's kind of like you know members from overclock a few insiders you know trying to it's like oh I talked to these seven people I talked to these people and you kind of own the rel you know whoever you talk to you kind of own the relationship Um this whole thing with the navigators is kind of a uh a way to all right we have these events all right now we got 100 leads and now there's like a dedicated group to like following up and kind of you know kind of doing that that BD work that is it's kind of like hand not handholding but it's like a nurturing a relationship over time versus just like hey can you guys integrate yes no all right whatever um \
  \
 


### 00:35:58

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** it's you know really I think it's it's been nice having the the navigators because they're kind goal is to to be those like solutions engineers, find ways to navigate and  integrate, find ways to um be working together. Um so I think like you know definitely we should be reporting raw number of leads. Um and I you know I haven't seen any of Amanda's reporting. I know she she's told me that um she's got some of that stuff. So, um, but yeah, with that hand inhand with the the the navigators and if anyone wants to be become navigators, I know we have like the junior and the senior ones. Um, yeah, it's, you know, that's that's kind of some of some of the ways you can help. So, I know some people, you know, um, for those that are like perpetually online or, you know, it it's it's helpful to have those kinds of folks because with these kinds of leads, you need you need that kind of nurturing over time. It might it might be the the fifth conversation that you have with someone where it's like, okay, now it makes sense or they're in a place where they can integrate or, you know, they were waiting on this, now this is here. \
  \
 


### 00:37:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** But you got to like keep up with it. Um, it's just BD, you know. Um, so it I'm I'm excited that we have the navigators to help out with that. \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh yeah, great call out, man. The Navigators uh have been a huge boon for us and and one of the reasons for the Navigators program to to have been um brought to life is because exactly as Huie was saying, I'm just going to dive into a little bit more right into like what was the what was kind of the genesis of it, the reason for it. and like we'll go to these events and we'll talk to folks and it's just like there's not enough time in the world to follow up, right? Um and on top of that, let's say I talk to somebody who I think might be a good fit. I don't have the time, but also even if I did, I don't necessarily have the technical expertise to kind of lead them through a lot of the nuance questions they may have. And our core team, as you guys know, right, is is technical core team as small as it is, right? \
  \
 


### 00:37:53

  \
**Cheng Wang:** They're oversaturated with like stuff they need to work on. So having the navigators um be able to help essentially in aggregate like this was the kind of the the mandate was can we using this program recreate a solutions engineer and kind of BD person in the aggregate, right? So everyone does like a little bit and and together they kind of create this like megazord of like I know that kind of ages me a little bit but this megazord of like uh a solutions engineer \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Is Listen. \
**Cheng Wang:** person um and thus far it's been hugely successful. So if you like this this goes more so than ever now. So any leads that come in actually have people to kind of babysit them, follow up on them, and we have bi-weekly navigator syncs at this point in time. So if you have leads um that you think might be a good fit, send them over to us. We'll put them into we have a we have a CRM now, uh a system that actually tracks leads and we can follow with them. \
  \
 


### 00:38:48

  \
**Cheng Wang:** We have notes and and follow-ups, etc. So, it's it's actually a bonafideed system now, not just kind of a glorified spreadsheet. And, you know, we have people assigned to it and and um we're held accountable to to the leads that we do have, right? So, um that that's that's huge. Like, uh the proposal, for example, that went on um discussion in on GitHub doors, right? D O RS or is was there an S? Um so, that was someone for example that came through the the navigator program as a potential lead, but it kind of dovetailed into something else. So that's just something top of mind that comes to me uh where you know this program has really helped bring to \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Um we actually talked with Adam from like um uh I have this idea um I I don't know if we would be able to implement it as one of these insider engagements. So you know like how the um scouts and um and uh like um and ambassadors for this like startups works right so there is a scouts that are like looking for the project there is like um ambass they like giving the project to the ambassadors that pitch it to the VCs and if the VC is like is interesting in this project they he's connecting and scouts basically getting their like portion of uh like the VC commitment \
  \
 


### 00:40:09

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** the money like \
**Cheng Wang:** Mhm. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** probably five 5% of that and like my idea was actually that we're still like processing this Adam that we can use insiders uh in like because it's not it entirely should be like a US we can use insiders all over the world they are still like uh by they're still technical people um they do like the um the workshops and like offline events right uh so they can process like find potential product companies potential leads they can talk you and they can like bring them to navigators and get the portion of let's say like 200 bucks if there is an integration. It's just like the the money is just like from the top of my head but let's see. So basically like how this works they are working on their like local stage as scouts. They bringing you the project that already know about the cache and already interesting into integrations with the integrations and then you have like um like warm lead that you can pass to navigator that can work with them. So \
  \
 


### 00:41:08

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** this is yeah this is like the program like we pro probably if like everything goes goes right we can implement I guess so everybody could know like they they like they are motivated to do more you know like for their cash and get some portion of this kazist they are still doing their offline uh meetups and other stuff you know and talking people about their \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, I I love that idea. I mean, I think \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** any any like, you know, if people are incentivized to bring in good leads because they're going to get paid for it, like what \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** better \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like \
**Scott Hewitson:** mechanism \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like the main the main point is that for example how exchanges work with Ks right they are giving KS uh the portion of money for example like six grands or five grands per month uh but they want like their referrals um make volume bigger than they spend on the KL that's would be like a great strategy that they spend money but they earn more and they get more like uh people this is should should work as I see it this should work as the same way so basically If we're doing integration, the company should pay more than we paid for example the scout for this stuff, you know, like that's why \
  \
 


### 00:42:19

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** we \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** can see \
**Cheng Wang:** absolutely. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** that that Yeah. that \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** our money is spending like profitably and we get more than we spend, you know. \
**Cheng Wang:** 100%. Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. I think at at scale that'll be something I think worthwhile for sure implementing. Um but yeah, I think I think we're we're starting to get to that point, but uh yeah, no, it'll it'll be a great thing to we'll think about it. Yeah, we we'll consider how how that would work. Um \
**Scott Hewitson:** I mean, you could do it as a percentage of network spend. So, say you get an integration or a tenant or someone and it's like, okay, they're spending a thousand bucks a month on \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah, \
**Scott Hewitson:** network spend. If they do that for three months now, you can now we can pay them 500 bucks or something, you know. \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah, \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Well, percentage also \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah. \
  \
 


### 00:43:04

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** works nice. Yeah, \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** guess. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Because \
**Cheng Wang:** Percentage \
**Scott Hewitson:** then it \
**Cheng Wang:** or \
**Scott Hewitson:** because \
**Cheng Wang:** like \
**Scott Hewitson:** then \
**Cheng Wang:** a \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, \
**Cheng Wang:** set \
**Scott Hewitson:** because \
**Cheng Wang:** amount \
**Scott Hewitson:** then you get a big whale, \
**Cheng Wang:** like \
**Scott Hewitson:** you get a big, you \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** know, you get a \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** big person spending 20 grand and you know, you could potentially make some make some money. Um \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Or or \
**Cheng Wang:** true. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** a bunch of the small ones, you know? So \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like just I I've get a lot and I and I've got my like piece of pie, you know, so something like that. \
**Scott Hewitson:** that's right. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** You you never \
**Cheng Wang:** Absolutely. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** know. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Andrew. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** But \
**Scott Hewitson:** Andrew, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** this \
**Scott Hewitson:** you said you're working with with uh W on that. \
  \
 


### 00:43:29

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Adam Wy on \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** well \
**Scott Hewitson:** that. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I Yeah, I I I like I wrote that idea and we had like a new uh channels. It's called insider engagement and I wrote this idea as one of like my my ideas to how insiders can be engaged and motivated within the strategy. But like there is still lots of uh insider engagement going on. So we still have to process it and maybe like talk about it like bit by bit on the community calls or like see community or insiders calls. I don't know like um \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** yeah \
**Scott Hewitson:** I love it. I love it. Um, I think it's definitely worth more exploration. \
**Cheng Wang:** Mhm. Agreed. Yeah. I'm just thinking about the administration and tracking of it, how we would do that and potential \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** that's that's \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like \
**Cheng Wang:** exploits and such. Yeah. Yeah. But I I agree. I agreed. It is definitely something like scalable, right? \
  \
 


### 00:44:16

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And we could power that those incentives via the community pool, right? That would be interesting because it's a directive back to the community for bringing it's a it's a positive feedback loop, right? Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. So, we are spending money \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** from the community but we can get more to the community like with with if and we are still like increasing our insiders um uh capacity, right? So we like have lots of them all over the world and they \
**Cheng Wang:** For \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** can be \
**Cheng Wang:** sure. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** like more motivated. Maybe lots of them are working on the product companies you know that they're just looking for alternatives but nobody's telling them now they are motivated to tell them about that those \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** stuff you know \
**Cheng Wang:** Yep. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** and maybe \
**Cheng Wang:** Absolutely. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** maybe maybe run like a work workshop for them um from for one from one vanguards let's say or even navigators you know like that can run a workshop show how how deployments works. \
  \
 


### 00:45:08

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Love it. \
**Cheng Wang:** Absolutely. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Uh now, uh do we still have time? Like it's still like \
**Scott Hewitson:** Still \
**Cheng Wang:** We \
**Scott Hewitson:** got \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** do. \
**Scott Hewitson:** 12 \
**Cheng Wang:** I \
**Scott Hewitson:** minutes. \
**Cheng Wang:** think \
**Scott Hewitson:** Got \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** any other any other questions \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** or \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. I \
**Cheng Wang:** this \
**Scott Hewitson:** does \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** still \
**Cheng Wang:** is one \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** of \
**Scott Hewitson:** does \
**Cheng Wang:** the rare \
**Scott Hewitson:** anyone \
**Cheng Wang:** Sega \
**Scott Hewitson:** anyone \
**Cheng Wang:** economics \
**Scott Hewitson:** else \
**Cheng Wang:** we're going to use the whole time. \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** What? \
**Scott Hewitson:** know. Hey, sometimes \
**Cheng Wang:** It's crazy. \
**Scott Hewitson:** it happens. I I've been in an hour 20 sig economics before. It It happens. It happens. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. I I actually I I actually Yes. thought that uh pro probably we can like end it earlier but you know like when we still like have these discussions I have more questions you know so like \
  \
 


### 00:45:43

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Please \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** yeah it's \
**Cheng Wang:** keep them \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** just just \
**Cheng Wang:** coming \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** popping up so um a new question uh that doesn't regard the sik economics but it does um like do we gather feedback from tenants on like um what features do they want to be implemented in \
**Cheng Wang:** 100 \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** there. \
**Cheng Wang:** million%. Oh yeah. So for the tenants that uh sorry to cut you off there because yeah it's \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yes. \
**Cheng Wang:** it's absolutely so there are two um types of tenants right those who are completely anonymous right they just go in and use a kosh and those who um use a kosh by after reaching out and you know like uh talking with us or connecting with us at some point in time right so the group of tenants who we are connected with um either proactively or they reach out to us um we absolutely get feedback so from the struggles they have and and challenges they run into all the way to like some of the minutia of operating and this and that. \
  \
 


### 00:46:42

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So um to give you some tangible examples of what these are is for example TEE right uh trust execution environment confidential compute verifiable compute that those that category of things was informed by several tenants who use a cost and say hey this is something we would like to have right and so obviously the route and implementation of it can differ because people use it for require for different things and have different needs etc and and and the team is um going through various different exploratory paths right now um and testing different implementations and and and what kind of trade-offs they have right so TE like te as a category right is one of those things that have been influenced by um our uh tenants another thing um that has been influenced by our tenants for example and prioritize is JWT right JWT is one of the things that the core team right now is working on I think it should be going into testing gone into testing already or will be going into testing relatively soon. I think Ty if he's still here can chime in on that. \
  \
 


### 00:47:49

  \
**Cheng Wang:** But um JWT for for long and the short of it is essentially when during chain upgrades which happen right and as the tenant size increases on a Kosh network this becomes more and more of a thing that needs to be solved which is when the chain is down for an upgrade right blocks aren't being printed but workloads and stuff are still running. So there needs to be communication between the the tenant who owns the workload and the workload itself. But the challenge is when the chain is down during an upgrade, how does this communication happen? Right? So JW2 is essentially um in layman's terms creates this essentially off-chain method and observability where tenants can continue to see and with their workload at least understand what's coming up um what what is happening with their workload. So there's comfort right around that. And um in addition to that there's another aspect to it which is um which is when the uh chain restarts again that everything is properly synced and restarts at the same time and and has and in the last interim upgrade um we ran into some issues right where you know the chain upgrade took longer than expected and one of the hiccups was this particular thing that that that kind of caused it right the lack of observability is one part and um kind of the restart getting kind of stalled. \
  \
 


### 00:49:08

  \
**Cheng Wang:** um for very nuanced reason and that those are both um those those things have been informed by our attendance is like hey we we really need to prioritize this this is super duper important to us so that we avoid any of these situations in the future right to enhance the I would say quality of life dramatically um and also to ensure that mission critical stuff is is um doesn't get impacted on the Kosh network right so those are two very recent and very real things that are in flight currently um that have been influenced by and and um feedback given directly by our tenants. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Is there like a list of um feedback of the features from the feedback that are has been like asked by a few tenants but wasn't pre prior prioritize prioritize Yes. \
**Cheng Wang:** Um features that have been requested but not prioritized. So, so there are a lot of so the other way we collect feedback right now is there is a form on Akash network when you you know go speak to an expert um and that form gets piped to navigators to look at and so there people will look at different things um and and say various it's hard to in include every single thing in the universe but uh the two I mentioned are the are the biggest ones oh another one which is uh trials right the trial experience was rather subpar previously because, you know, just the the the sheer amount of I think whether it's bots or whatever else, people going in there using um \
  \
 


### 00:50:37

  \
**Cheng Wang:** using trials was making trials a crappy experience for users who were legitimate users, right? Not just like bots or whatever. Um and so that is what really prompted the core team to seriously look at how to address this problem and to make it truly useful for um legitimate users, right? And so that's like another thing that that we integrated and that's currently in the design phase but will be rolled out. But there there have already been fixes, right, that have gone in and implement and and and updates that have gone in to make that experience much better. Um are there is there a comprehensive list of stuff that people have requested that we don't prioritize? No, is there's there's not a comprehensive list per se? Um it's really you know obviously we prioritize the ones of the tenants who are how have active workloads running on Akash number one and number two um it's it's also part of like h how many people request it. like if one person mentions, oh, hey, this thing here, we're unlikely to prioritize it. \
  \
 


### 00:51:41

  \
**Cheng Wang:** But if like two or three people say it all at the same time, we're like, okay, this is something we absolutely have to prioritize. So, but but to answer your question directly, um, you know, twofold is do we have a comprehensive list? Kind of. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Peace. \
**Cheng Wang:** It's not like Apes. Apes is a apes is a reflection of like feedback we get partially, right, from from our clients. Um and then secondly, we do ab absolutely take those really really seriously and a lot of those things just like um you know the apes don't happen on their own right they they get a lot of feedback from clients and they say hey we want this we use so another sorry I know going on but another one that we take into account from clients is the GPUs that come onto the network right and via the pips. So, the first pip, if you guys remember, was like, "Hey, 4090s, uh, H A100's, um, maybe some H100s, I don't know if they exist, uh, if they were hot at that point in time, V100s, A6000s, right?" \
  \
 


### 00:52:36

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And we went out there with a whole smattering of stuff. And the clients that came in used these things, they're like, "Hey, you know what? We want really 4090s, A100s, H100s." We're like, "Okay, you told us we're going to do that." So, the next salvo, Pipo2, what you notice there is primarily H200s, H100s, um, and 4090s, right? There wasn't a, V100s, P40s, whatever else, ancillary stuff that was in there. And, um, same thing for PIP, uh, 03 that's going to be up and coming soon. It follows that exact same model, right? The the tenants will tell us like, hey, we really want to scale more H200s, um, 4090s, right? Can you bring more of those on? Um, and then, you know, there are other next generation stuff. um that that we're looking at as well. But until the tenant validates that for us, right? Um for us as an Akash network and the core team, we're unlikely to substantially pursue for R&D purposes, we definitely will consider um but not at like massive scale, right? \
  \
 


### 00:53:33

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So those are like all I think concrete examples just in the last year um that are uh that you know everyone can can see fully fully realized. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. I'm I'm asking because like we as a community are there was an idea to renew the grants program like Akashh grants program you know and like from my perspective vision um how this can like scale Akash for example this can like be small grants as like people are suggesting like 1 to 10,000 and basically if we have some features that people want but they are not prioritized we can give it to some like company or people that say like hey I can do this for 5k and you implemented in the console, right? Like this could like just leverage some stuff that like I know that core team is small and they doing their like bunch of job and working basically 247, but there is smaller stuff that can be done via like some amount of money with additional like people from the Akash that can implement it work with with this and then just be like inside the console within a month or two. \
  \
 


### 00:54:36

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** That's just my idea. That's why I'm I'm asking this. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I think I mean I think bounties kind of serve that purpose kind of right. Um \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, \
**Cheng Wang:** we \
**Scott Hewitson:** bount \
**Cheng Wang:** have B \
**Scott Hewitson:** bounties for for small dollar stuff. But yeah, I mean, you know, it's kind of like there there's bounties for smaller dollars. I know Tyler and I have talked ad nauseium about this getting doing like a formal grants program where people can get that like five to 50k and, you know, not really have hard, you know, it's just like there'd be a committee and you select things, you know, select folks to to get like true grant money. Um, yeah, I think I I think there's room for it. Like because you got, you know, onchain proposals are usually people are doing for, you know, 50 to a couple hundred grand. Um, you know, bounties is kind of that, you know, a couple hundred to a couple thousand. So, we're kind of missing that like mid midsize of like, you know, 10 to 50 grand. \
  \
 


### 00:55:30

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** I think that it, you know, there's mechanisms for funding for everything. Um, but I think that would be helpful for sure. \
**Cheng Wang:** No, it did. Okay. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Um and uh like probably my last I still have lots of questions but we are running out of time. So um probably my last question is um so um as you know uh I'm like right now um have a community uh like web three web three builders community in Ukraine that are uh building basically startups um on the Salana. Yeah. And we like hosted a hackathon and Akash uh became a sponsor of those hack of this hackathon. So like this is super great and we're trying to get like like the leads, the feedback, the integration of their cash. So we're basically giving giving people the startups like the new startups that like are participating in like global hackathons or in local hackathons the ability to host their MVPs like or some like back end or front end on a cache right and that's why we are um like taking like we are gathering feedback from them. \
  \
 


### 00:56:37

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Uh the point is that um we are uh like making this vision that Akash is for everyone. So basically like uh there is it doesn't matter if you're like using Salona chain, Ethereum like polygon network or others. You can host your front or back on the Salana and like you can get additional stuff or like a mirror or the like smart contracts on some other stuff you know but you will have like some bear metal uh here and it's going to be cheaper, right? So uh like my question is can we um by the vision of Solana for everyone create uh like a tunnels not for AKT but for USDC for example on other chain chains like for example there is a guy that are just like working with the Solana he's using Phantom he doesn't know about Kepler or Cosmos chain he never used it and he basically um doesn't know how to work with AKT but he has a  USDC right and the Solana so I'm giving giving him like the opportunity like hey you can try to use Akash you just pay with sol on like salona chain it's is just it's just a possibility if it's like technically hard to do then it's all all it's a no you know I'm just like looking for the possibilities for the other chains to be here you know and for the startups \
  \
 


### 00:57:52

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** that are working on these chains or because there are there can be unicorns like there that are gathering monies that closing like the VC funding etc etc and if they like started to use a cash from the start from the beginning as MVP I think they can \
**Cheng Wang:** Heat. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** they will use it when they are going to be expanding you know that's what I envisioned like how I envisioned this \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I I would um I would reply to that. Uh so yes, and we do have a way for people to do that. And I don't think the mechanism is necessarily I don't think the first choice here is to necessarily build the crypto bridges if you will, right? because that is um that is always like convoluted and there's always chances of congestion and failure with whenever you bridge anything right um at \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Mhm. \
**Cheng Wang:** some point in time so um those have become you know less frequent and less costly over time but nonetheless so what I would say is like for projects who are building anywhere right the big uniting factor at this point in time is if they want to get started quickly is credit card payments right so whether \
  \
 


### 00:59:00

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** you're a solana whether you're doing anything. I would bet my, you know, right foot that if they're deploying anything anywhere that they're trying it on GCP, they're trying AWS, they're trying, they're trying it on, you know, um, anywhere else, coreweave, etc. Right? And \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Good. \
**Cheng Wang:** if they're doing it on any private or public cloud, um, hyperscaler or not, it's going to be with credit card payments, right? And so right with that mechanism I think um anybody could get started on Akash and one of the reasons why we um prioritize credit card payments again that was one of the feedback point from from customers as well right \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Mhm. \
**Cheng Wang:** so I would I would point people there so if people want to pay directly with soul USC whatever it is um it's it's connection it's far easier like getting that built I don't know but for people like they want quick access, credit cards are the way to go. And in addition to that, it's one of the reasons why we want to get tips or tenant improve uh tenant incentive pilots launch is to help fund these things, right? \
  \
 


### 01:00:06

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So if people sign up via credit cards and they want to pay via um credit cards there, we could um make uh grants and credits, etc. available to these users, right? To to help them just like test out Akash h um on a no- risk basis, right? So that's that's what I would encourage. just like, "Hey, you want to check out Akos?" You don't need to interact with any of the blockchain stuff. That has been abstracted away. So, you just kind of put in your credit card and off you go. That's what I would encourage. Yeah, because I would I would seriously bet my left foot and my right foot uh you know that that they're using uh credit cards that they would be immunable to that and they're already using it, right? If you're if you're building stuff, you're paying for software and hosting services already, I bet. \
**Scott Hewitson:** You're uh you're muted, Andrew. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. No, no, actually that that does make sense. Uh that Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, \
  \
 


### 01:01:03

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Um Okay. So, like I'm probably out of questions right now. I'm good. Thank you. \
**Cheng Wang:** thank you. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Thank you. Yeah, that was uh pretty positive uh positive discussions, I'd say. \
**Cheng Wang:** Oasis. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, we love we love your questions, Andrew, because I know you get a ton of them from Telegram and they kind of collate up to you and it it's always good stuff. Like I don't think maybe out of the hundred questions you've asked, maybe one's been a bad question, but 99 out of a hundred good \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Oh \
**Scott Hewitson:** questions. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** yeah, that's Yeah, that's a good percentage. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Right on. Does anyone else have any I know we're five minutes over. Does anyone else have any other question uh or comments or concerns on how this is run or anything at all? Nope. If not, all righty. Well, I appreciate the uh the conversation today. I appreciate everyone coming and uh those that are listening in after the fact, thank you for uh sticking in here all the way to the end. It's been a fruitful discussion. So, hope everyone has a good day and uh we'll see you next month. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yep. Thank you guys. See \
**Rodri R:** See \
**Cheng Wang:** Thank \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** you. \
**Rodri R:** you \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** guys. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Bye. \
**Rodri R:** Thank \
**Cheng Wang:** everyone. \
**Rodri R:** you. \
**Cheng Wang:** Take \
**Rodri R:** Bye. \
**Cheng Wang:** care. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 01:02:21


