# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #28


* Recap of PIP03 and tenant incentive proposals
* Aep Support Services and Community Growth proposals
* Market-making vendor activity and liquidity impact
* Mintscan and Blockworks Advisory discussions
* Protocol performance, onboarding, and adoption
* Buyback and Burn (APE-55) status
* Akash Accelerate event preview

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday,  June 11, 2025  
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- Recording: Coming Soon
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Scott Hewitson
* Cheng Wang
* Tyler Wright
* Andrew Hnatiuk
* Javier Sánchez Valiente
* Greg Osuri
* Community contributors via Discord


## Meeting Notes

### Recap of Previous Month

* Scott Hewitson noted that formal notes from the prior SIG meeting were pending.
* He recalled discussions on:

  * Introduction of **PIP03** as a more efficient provider incentive mechanism.
  * Preliminary ideas for **tenant incentives** to stimulate demand.
  * A near-complete deployment of the **market-making proposal**, which has led to increased order book depth.
* Scott highlighted new proposals in progress, including:

  * The **DAI (Decentralized AI) Hub** proposal (live for voting).
  * An **Aep support services** proposal by Tyler.
  * A **Community Growth Marketing** proposal by Cheng.


### Aep Support Services Proposal

* Tyler Wright introduced the [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/930) to support ongoing **network-wide services**:

  * Covers both technical (security, test infra, support) and non-technical (community programs, SIG admin).
  * These have historically been funded by Overclock Labs but now seek **community pool backing** for sustainability.
  * Services supported include:

    * Insider Program operations
    * Community leadership support
    * SIG moderation and contributor coordination

### Community Growth Marketing [Proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/932)

* Cheng Wang outlined the strategy:

  * Overclock Labs initially bootstrapped marketing efforts to validate outcomes.
  * Now seeks community pool support to **scale growth efforts** across:

    * Paid advertising
    * Developer and tenant acquisition
    * Brand modernization (especially to appeal to AI devs)
    * Lead tracking infrastructure
  * Proposal is structured as two funding phases:

    * One for **H2 2025**
    * One for **H1 2026**
  * Each phase includes **quarterly reporting** against **eight KPIs**, with space for community feedback at each 6-month checkpoint.
* Cheng highlighted early wins:

  * Dramatic SEO improvements—Akash now ranks higher in search visibility.
  * Increased event interest—especially among university AI developers.
  * Greater inbound interest in AOS and DePIN.


### Market-making vendor activity and liquidity impact

* Javier Sánchez Valiente asked about how AKT from funded proposals is handled.
* Cheng Wang shared the **responsible liquidation approach**:

  * **No market selling** — only strategic **limit orders** to reduce volatility.
  * Volatility buffers are used to **avoid liquidation in down markets**.
  * In bear cycles, AKT may be **held in stables** (USDC/USD).
  * Funds remain liquid to support **vendor payments** and operational flexibility.


### Upcoming Ecosystem Proposal Discussions

* **Mintscan (Cosmos Station)**:

  * Plans to submit a proposal requesting \~\$10K/month to operate block explorers and dashboards.
  * Aim is to achieve a **self-sustaining model** without external reliance.

* **Blockworks Advisory**:

  * Planning a proposal to build **investor dashboards** for the Asia region.
  * Would leverage Chakra data/indexer infrastructure.
  * Estimated cost is under **\$100K in AKT**.
  * Community feedback and co-design expected prior to submission.


### Protocol Performance and Strategic Growth

* Javier raised concerns about a potential **plateau in network growth** despite earlier momentum.
* Cheng responded by identifying several priorities:

  * Demand generation is now a **top strategic focus**.
  * **Credit card integration** is in progress to support non-crypto-native AI devs.
  * **Virtual Machines**, **confidential compute (TEE)**, and enhanced GPU availability are in development to attract enterprise use cases.
  * **Provider incentives (PIP03)** and an eventual **PIP04** will further strengthen supply and regional access.


### User Onboarding and Distribution

* Javier emphasized the need to make onboarding easier than Web2 platforms like AWS.
* Cheng agreed and shared:

  * Focus is on **abstraction of crypto complexity**.
  * A **managed experience** with bundled tools is in progress.
  * A suite of **APIs and simplified UI/UX** tools is being built on AOS foundation.
  * Better distribution will come from:

    * Third-party tools
    * SDK improvements
    * Strategic integrations
* Tyler added that APIs and SDK improvements are being prioritized to help builders integrate more easily.


### Buyback and Burn Proposal [Aep 55](https://akash.network/roadmap/aep-55/)

* Scott asked about progress on, initially targeted for completion in June.
* Cheng confirmed:

  * Internal discussions are limited so far, but early thinking is ongoing.
  * Buyback/burn should be **sustainable and meaningful**, possibly tied to actual **network usage or revenue**.
* Javier suggested referencing DYDX’s approach to legally compliant buyback/stake systems.
* Scott recommended adjusting the target date to **end of 2025** or rolling it forward by 6 months to set realistic expectations.


### Akash Accelerate – Brooklyn Event

* Cheng promoted the upcoming **Akash Accelerate** event:

  * Scheduled for **June 23, 2025** in Brooklyn.
  * Webcast will be available for remote attendees.
  * Key announcements and ecosystem updates will be revealed.
  * Community is encouraged to participate and amplify progress.


## Action Items

* **Tyler Wright**:

  * Update the timeline for **Aep 55** completion in SIG documentation.

* **Scott Hewitson**:

  * Monitor PIP03 and related funding proposals (TIPS, Aep Support).
  * Guide teams submitting future community pool proposals (e.g., Mintscan, Blockworks).

* **Cheng Wang**:

  * Finalize and push **Community Growth Marketing** proposals (H2 2025 + H1 2026).
  * Continue SEO, lead generation, and performance-based reporting.
  * Support UX simplification and credit card integration for onboarding.

* **Javier Sánchez Valiente**:

  * Share legal frameworks or case studies (e.g., DYDX) for buyback structures.

* **Community Members**:

  * Review and comment on proposals: PIP03, Community Growth, Ape Support.
  * Refer AI/DePIN teams for TIPS participation.
  * Register for Akash Accelerate or join the webcast.

## Transcript  


### 00:00:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All right, GMGM everyone is uh June 11th, 2025 for another exciting episode of SIG Economics. Um, typically how we go through this, you do a little recap of the previous month, talk about any open discussions, anything on chain, any proposals. Um, always want to open things up to the community, give people a space to comment, cons, voice comments, concerns, anything at all. Uh, I was looking at the I don't think the notes are in for last month, but there was a uh an AI taking some notes. So, um, last month we talked a little bit I think we introduced uh Pipo 3 and kind of I think we teased the structure on that. I don't know how in depth uh we went into on that and then talked about some tenant maybe some potential tenant incentives uh programs um talked a little bit about um the market making proposal that was a big proposal a few months ago I believe Chang that's almost I mean we I think there might be 1 million AKT left to be deployed um but it's it's almost almost deployed and just looking at depths um you know in coin gecko or in coin market cap things are pretty good. \
  \
 


### 00:01:18

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, better than before. So, that is clearly working. Um, Andrew was asking of lots of questions as usual, which is great. Um, I I won't go too much into some of those. And then, yeah, I think I think we can kind of get get started. I know there are a few um things that Cheng andor Tai uh will be discussing in more detail today as far as proposals. So since last May or since May um there's been you know one prop one prop for Aep 62, 63 and 64 that just passed today and then the the DAI the DAI hub decentralized AI hub uh proposal went up today. So that's live for voting. So, please cast votes um if you do or let your validator if you're staked and your validator does it for you that is fine too. Um some discussions that were dropped in. There's Ape support services. I know Todd dropped that one in as well as a community growth marketing proposal um put in by Chang. So, I'll let them talk to those a little bit more. \
  \
 


### 00:02:31

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, I don't think I'm missing anything, but if I am, someone call me out. And if not, I'll pass it over to either Chang or Ty, whoever wants to to get started. \
**Tyler Wright:** Cool. Yeah, I have no problem going uh first um in terms of um the discussion around the ape support services. Um so I will drop that discussion in the chat for folks. Um again I talked about this in some other in sig community. Um but because sig economics really talked about everything whether it be a token the community pool etc. thought this would be a great opportunity to talk about uh services that again don't necessarily touch a specific um SIG but really encompass all the things that are going on. Um so I'm going to drop that discussion in uh chat for people. Um but really at the highest level um this is something that I've been I put on um with the support of many other people from the Overclock Labs team. Um, Overclock Labs has been bearing the burden for a number of items um, for the benefit of the Akash network for a number of years um, at this point. \
  \
 


### 00:03:46

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Um and again as the community continues to grow as more contributors continue to get involved in developing the Akash network um some of these services that again Overclock Labs has been um covering the cost of um we're just looking for support from uh the Akos community pool to help support some of those efforts that the Overclock Labs team are doing that again are not specific to um any products or features that are going on but again um our supportive efforts. So there's a number of areas um in the proposal. Um again I'm happy to feel questions but really the support is across a number of different efforts that are technical and non-technical. um some of the technical support efforts around just like support infrastructure, security infrastructure, testing infrastructure. But again, these are things that Overclock Labs has uh covered the costs um for for a number of years. And um again, for with the help of the community to help test a number of these things, we just want to get uh community support for a number of items that are for the greater good of the community. \
  \
 


### 00:04:53

  \
**Tyler Wright:** There's also some non-technical efforts there that are mostly administrative efforts. you know, a lot of the SIGs and working groups work um that uh I do that Scott does and leading this meeting that uh Adam  does around the community. Again, these are efforts that necess don't necessarily benefit overclock labs as a business as an organization, but are for the greater good of the Akash network. Um and you know whether it be the insider program, the SIG and working groups which again invites a number of people um anybody in the community to contribute um and again a number of other services on the administrative level just kind of shephering all on the community and kind of just like kind of being a community leader. Um again the Overclock Labs team is just looking for some support for those efforts. tried to make the proposal as um robust as possible, but really want to see if there's any questions from anybody here. Um feel free to also drop in questions into proposal specifically, but I just want to uh give people an open forum to be able to see if anybody has any questions, any thoughts, \
  \
 


### 00:06:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All \
**Tyler Wright:** feedback, etc. about this aep services proposal um put forth by Overclock Labs. \
**Scott Hewitson:** right. Thank you for that, Ty. Uh, if no one has any questions or if you have questions later after you read few uh read through it a little bit more, you can drop them into GitHub or um in Discord and see economics. Um, feel free to speak your mind. Um, all right. Well, with that, I think we can uh move over to Cheng. I think you're going to talk a little bit about the the growth marketing proposal and kind of some efforts that have already been underway and kind of where we're headed. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, for sure. I think in the same vein as Tyler covered the um support services, right? The style I suppose or the approach that the overclock labs core team takes often with these especially bigger initiatives is to initially take on the burden and kick the tires. test whether or not the process works, how it'll work, and how it can be done in a sustainable fashion going forward before going to the uh community pool for support. \
  \
 


### 00:07:14

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And so this is what we've done with a support services, right? with regards to the administration of um PIPS, with regards to um a whole bunch of things and programs that we administer, we wanted to really get a lot of repetitions under our belt before we kind of go to the community pool for um additional support in order to keep these things running and to grow them right quite frankly. So the same theme happened is is applicable here to the community growth proposal which is you know um though we have done I think bootstrapped a lot of the marketing initiatives or I say initiatives but the marketing thus far we really really have to step that particular part of our game up dramatically and to do so at scale. Um so what does that mean really that means our um advertising needs to be on on point. Our branding has always been pretty decent. um and pretty consistent, but there's only so much we can do without additional resources and additional help. So, when it comes to um marketing out there, what it means is user acquisition. \
  \
 


### 00:08:16

  \
**Cheng Wang:** How do we get more people going to our website seeing us right from an exposure perspective? How do we get more people and developers coming and testing out console and testing out the Akash network for um a solution as a solution to their um to their business, right? That's another one. and um all of the infrastructure associated with bringing that stuff to bear and tracking and understanding, you know, where where the money is being spent, how is it being spent, how many leads, what is, you know, all that kind of uh stuff is is is really really important. Um and part of it is also refactoring potentially refactoring, you know, or or um updating our brand to better um appeal to AI developers, right? Or different cohorts of developers across the spectrum. So um you know the the I think proposal goes into pretty excruciating detail on how we're tackling and how we're thinking about a lot of these particular um challenges and ultimately what the objectives are and looking to achieve, right? Um and of course this is going to be something we'll report on a quarterly basis so that there's maximum in the vein of accountability and transparency, right? \
  \
 


### 00:09:22

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Of course that's kind of how we always conduct it ourselves and we'll continue to do so. Um, and we're hoping that this is going to to get um really really help a lot. And I think and part of the validation, there's a section in the proposal as for validation that's that's already shown um some of the initial quick wins that we've gotten, right? Um so, you know, I could talk to them briefly here is, you know, our SEO has really dramatically improved, right? That's not something like you you'll say, you know, what does SEO really give us in, you know, site search engine optimization? What does it get us in in terms of immediate gains? Not as much, right? But over time, this kind of stuff adds up. So when you Google like, you know, two years ago or if you Google Akos, it's like some guy in India comes up, not Aos network, right? And so um now Akos network is front and center in in most search engines that I can um think of even abroad. \
  \
 


### 00:10:12

  \
**Cheng Wang:** That's one. Another thing is um uh with Akash accelerate for example, right? um making sure that the attendance there is full and we have as many applicable eyeballs attending these conf this conference um to make sure we get the word out there and see what we're working on as a community and and as an entity that's another thing that the growth marketing initiatives have really helped push right in terms of bringing in more people bringing in for example university students from premier New York universities right um to have you know folks who are interested in aos interested in AI attend um so these  are two concrete examples of how uh you know in terms of the the I suppose initial experiments that we've done um have borne fruit and so we're we're hoping to really scale this up over the course of the next 24 12 months excuse me um and you know grab market share and and continue to dominate uh hopefully continue to dominate. So that's where we are for the growth marketing proposal. And uh if you thoughts, questions, concerns, drop them in here, drop them in there. \
  \
 


### 00:11:14

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um it'll be great to have them of course in GitHub, you know, for for posterity. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Just quick quick quick question, Chang, I'm just looking at it. Um, it is we show how like H2 2025 and then H1 2026. So, will this be two separate proposals or are we going to try \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** to put it up as one? Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** No, two separate proposals. So, so to again put the onus on ourselves and um the partners we're working with, right, the the proposal, the targeted budget is, you know, the grand budget for the 12-month period, but we're going to go to the community pool every six-month period. Um and then every quarter, we're going to report on the data, right? So, if there's ever any concerns or push back, we can address it then and there. and it gives the chance for the community to um kick the tires and really voice concerns so that it's not just hey you know upfront we get all the money and then kind of go off into a \
  \
 


### 00:12:04

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Cheng Wang:** dark hole. Um it's not going to be like that and and it's intentionally designed this way to max to ensure maximum accountability and transparency. So, it'll be two funding proposals that'll \
**Scott Hewitson:** Sounds \
**Cheng Wang:** go on chain, \
**Scott Hewitson:** good. \
**Cheng Wang:** one for each half \
**Scott Hewitson:** And I do see in the growth program KPIs, there are eight KPIs that we'll be um reporting on quarterly. So that's good. \
**Cheng Wang:** and probably more, you know, um well, as as data gets more refined, as we get more granular, we um you know, we can answer questions from community folks here and elsewhere um that might be at a fidelity that um isn't directly reported on, but Javier, go for it. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Yeah, thanks. So you guys are raising I guess AKT tokens. How do you handle kind of sales of the token like converting into stables or \
**Cheng Wang:** Okay. I think uh regarding sale of the token because we're getting funded through AKT tokens, right? So um the uh we've always number number one we've always done it very responsibly and one of the reasons why we build in a volatility buffer is so that um we never have any sale going on in a down market right so that that's part of the the risk of holding on to it and we have the capability of sitting on that risk. \
  \
 


### 00:13:23

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So that's one point. Secondly is the way we go about it is very systematically um there are never market orders. In other words, there's never any market selling. And the the layman's way of thinking about it is typically how they'll function is in the format of like limit orders, right? So, we'll set limits all the way through, right? If the prices rise, they'll hit these markers and the the the um trades will execute. Um and that's how the vast majority of the tokens are liquidated. um if and when we do have significant let's say an OTC partner who wants to take on a tunch of tokens we'll make that known to say hey you know it's at this price whatever it is um for this period of time and so uh the liquidation is always done you know obviously with extreme discipline we never sell number one into a down market two it's never a market order so it doesn't create ad sell pressure it's always going to actually add depth um to the order book right um in terms of um those who want to buy by adding limit orders up and lading up that way. \
  \
 


### 00:14:23

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um yeah and and it's done with you know by either administered ourselves or through um our key market making partners. Right. So those are those are some those are the the ways where that that that we liquidate AKT. In addition to that if there's a down market um we we pull the plot break. We don't sell into a down market. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Yeah, that's K. Thanks. Do do you guys liquidate or convert into stables um 100% of the uh funds that you raise immediately or do you do that you know over time \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** uh as the \
**Cheng Wang:** overtime. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** period that you funded for? Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** Overtime. It really depends. Like, so for example, let's just say um opportunistic, right? Because in the down market, we turn off the selling. If the market rallies and rally significantly, let's say we go up 70% over the course of the next like two days, right? The orders are going to get eaten up. \
  \
 


### 00:15:14

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, it just it just matters in terms of volume. I can't predict exactly but let's just say you know AKT were to go up 70% over the next three days um or two weeks whatever the case may be right then a lot of the orders are executed and will land into usually stables USDC or USD um you you know dollars or or USDC stables right so um it really depends on price action that'll influence how quickly um or slowly that takes and like I said that's the one of the reasons why we have volatility buffer is to be able to sit on it and really extend that time period out. Oftentimes, um, and Scott, you can speak to this directly, like for example with events, right? We'll have events and the requests from vendors are coming in and we're paying them out, but we're not necessarily liquidating the AKT in order to pay those invoices directly, right? Especially if the market's not in our favor, right? So, we'll wait. Um, so we'll pay these things out and kind of we'll wait and and and more responsibly and sustainably um liquidate AKT \
  \
 


### 00:16:13

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Right. That's true. Thanks. Do you guys take the AKT that you haven't converted into stables um you \
**Cheng Wang:** stake. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** know for the time being or \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** do you \
**Cheng Wang:** oh, oh, no, no, we keep those liquid for the most part. Um, is because we want to make sure there's maximum flexibility and um in in a lot of these cases, right, vendors have to be paid. Um and so staking them, you know, the unbonding period, all that kind of stuff does take does take a while. So the m the majority of these funds are um kept open for the most part. Yeah. Unless it's something like that we can see six months out we're not going to need these tokens, then we can stake them. But for the most part, we do not. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Sounds good. \
**Scott Hewitson:** And the other thing with that too, it's, you know, that the question I had earlier, it's like, is this one prop or two props? \
  \
 


### 00:16:59

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** We're doing two props because in six months price could be way higher, price could be way less, and we're looking for a US dollar notional amount, not an AKT amount. Awesome. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Thank \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, any other questions in regards to this community growth marketing proposal? If not, doesn't sound like it. Um, does Oh, Javier, go ahead. \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, I think maybe Javier forgot to put down his \
**Scott Hewitson:** No worries. Um okay well with that I I don't think we have chang any other updates or anything you want to give um any other programs or anything \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh \
**Scott Hewitson:** that we were \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah. Um, \
**Scott Hewitson:** getting close to or discussions coming soon. \
**Cheng Wang:** for sure. I don't want to steal ties on there. I think Tai's gonna cover this and I'll chime in afterwards. Go for it, Ty. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. Um there are two potential discussions um coming soon. Um so I just want to make folks aware of them. I don't want to go into great detail. \
  \
 


### 00:18:15

  \
**Tyler Wright:** One discussion is going to be around some of the efforts from the Cosmos station team. Um Minscan, which is a product I think that many people here have used historically. Um is now at the point where uh they're trying to build a business and so there are some costs related to growing that business. it seems. Um, and so, um, basically the idea is, uh, I, again, they'll put forth a proposal, but, I think they're looking for around $10,000 a month to continue running the, uh, block explorer and dashboards that they have currently running. I think they've already been charging a number of other protocols for a period of time. Um, but, um, again, have not charged Akash until now. So, I just want to put that out there just for people. um to know um that that's something that they've reached out to the Overclock Labs team um and we've are going to guide them through the proper measures to um share with the community. But I just wanted to share with the SIG economics group um as quickly as we have heard it while they're continuing to write that discussion. \
  \
 


### 00:19:18

  \
**Tyler Wright:** The other discussion is from uh another team that should be that should be coming live soon. That's for um Blockworks Advisory. They are um an organization that we use um for some uh finance and uh marketing services in the Asian a Asia region. Um they're like a gold standard kind of entity in that part of the world. Um they are um have gotten a lot of excitement around Akash in that region. They're looking to build out some dashboards for investors um similar to what uh Chakra has done their public good service. Um the again this block uh block works team is looking to take some of the data from chakra take some of the data from the indexer and kind of organize it in such a way and and dashboards for investors whether it's again in the Asian region or all over the world um and I just some development costs are associated with that I think it's like um less than $100,000 in AKT but again um we've asked those teams to put up discussions u themselves for community feedback But because we're in sig economics, I just want to let those let everyone here know that those discussions should be coming soon. \
  \
 


### 00:20:29

  \
**Tyler Wright:** If you feel free to get involved, ask questions, um give your feedback, um because I'm sure they're looking for it. So, um I'll I'll put a message or I'll have Scott put a message in sig economics channel when those discussions are live. But I just want to give folks here a little bit alpha about those discussions that again have brought up been brought forward to \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Tyler Wright:** the overclock labs teams and we're putting them through the proper protocols and the open framework to uh requests from the community pool. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thanks for that those heads up. You know I think you know it's uh in the past right a lot of stuff has run through overclock. The more you know as we develop mature you know getting teams to put up their own proposals is what we want. It's you know it's less overhead for us. um people can request directly and you know it done well if the framework's done well everything you know then lots of people be requesting funds for a bunch of different uh lines of effort. \
  \
 


### 00:21:30

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So I I like where we're heading with that. Um you know obviously if people put up silly proposals the community's done a pretty good job of squashing them or getting them to you know change their you know change their numbers or whatever. But um so if you do see that stuff, please speak your mind and uh let your voice be heard. Awesome. Is there any other uh comments, questions, concerns um or ideas or anything that anyone wants to bring up? Javier, you're saving that. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** You were saving that hand for this. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Yeah. Sorry, I'm in the car driving, so I Yeah. Can't put my camera around and can't really handle buttons as \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** well as I'd like to. Um, \
**Scott Hewitson:** serious. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** yeah, I just had a question on kind of protocol performance metrics. So, I've been in the attach community for some time. I've been in the insiders program for a few months now. \
  \
 


### 00:22:33

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** And um for a long time I've heard like AKT tokens for like five years or so. Um and I've regularly been checking kind of these stats um dashboards that you guys have in the website. And um yeah, I mean originally it was more of like a linear growth and more recently the growth kind of became more parabolic with AI becoming the hottest trend worldwide pretty much. uh but uh hadn't hadn't checked the the stats page in a few months and I checked it last week and it seemed like some of the metrics were starting to kind of stagnate a little bit or growth wasn't as terrible I guess before. Um are you guys looking into this actively? Do you think this just like a face of the market? Are you concerned about this? Is there any kind of internal discussion or like planning going on around this or anything you can share? \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay, \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah, \
**Scott Hewitson:** go ahead. \
**Cheng Wang:** I'll dive uh face first into this. \
  \
 


### 00:23:32

  \
**Cheng Wang:** The answer is uh you better kester. This is something that's super um extremely top of- mind for us, right? Because uh funnily enough, when um when when Tyler mentioned, you know, Mintscan is is running Cosmos stations, running a business, and trying to make money, it's it's funny how cryptos kind of come full circle, if you will, right? you're just everyone's like it has to economically make sense and the same thing for Akash network. Um demand is really the engine that drives everything forward, right? And that is 100% um in our in our focus. That's actually our primary objective is to make that to continue to develop that number make that number go up essentially. That's something I can say unequivocally and unabashedly so. Um and our plans for doing so. So to kind of give you a little bit more context, right? So it's the the AI side of things definitely are uh has pushed things historically and will continue to push things. One of the big features that we launched late last year that enabled this kind of uh period of parabolic growth was credit card payments. \
  \
 


### 00:24:34

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And you might ask like what is the reasoning for this is the vast majority of AI developers they have enough going on their mind and they have enough complexity to deal with. They don't want to deal with another layer of added complexity that is crypto. And so credit card payments are a way for those people to not have to directly interact with cryptocurrencies and blockchains in general. This is a thesis that I've held for since the beginning of time is um the the most successful blockchain ultimately uh you know for use cases right not just like in terms of money like Bitcoin are going to be those that um doesn't is going to be completely abstracted away where users don't have to directly interact. And so that's one of the some of the things that we're solving now and we'll continue to solve. Right. And we'll we're going to have some announcements to be made during a accelerate as far as our approach towards um making a completely abstracted experience for developers um specifically AI developers and that will help um increase adoption and increase revenue on the network. \
  \
 


### 00:25:33

  \
**Cheng Wang:** That's one part. Second part is features right there are um developers that are looking for features at this point in time like VMs for example or confidential compute visa VTE trust execution environments to enable that um that aos network currently does not have thanks for linking that Tai um and so these are things that the core the core team is working on you know very heavily and and there's a lot of um um activity on GitHub right now for this exact thing right and so Enabling these features will allow a wider cohort of AI developers to use the Kosh network to their heart's desire. That's that's the second thing. Third thing is on the supply side, right? Um though right now our utilization is hovering around 50 60%, we want that to go higher. Obviously demand is going to um as demand comes in we have one of the kind of the growth marketing objectives is to get more users in to use a caution. There are several um bigger companies at this point in time um that are currently testing with a Kosh network to see if it really you know fits fits the bill for them and hopefully we can convert them into you know more or less permanent users on a cost network right and bonafide users um or customers if you will and the for providers what that means is we need the supply um in order to ensure that the \
  \
 


### 00:26:57

  \
**Cheng Wang:** customers who come into a network are able to get the quantity and quality of GPUs that they need. Quality isn't an issue. We're always obviously H200s and such, right? Um but quantity being um we're we're graduating or starting to graduate to a point where um in order to really grow revenue significantly on the network, we need to attract bigger and bigger customers, right? And bigger customers need features for one. Um two is quantity of GPUs. So you know for example there was one lead that came in asking for uh to start you know 50 to 200 GPUs H200s right though we have that available the there is a little bit of hesitant hesitancy to say if we wanted to scale up to 500 600 700 a thousand will you guys be able to support that growth right um so we need to make sure that there's a healthy pipeline of um GPUs coming in um and and coming in quickly enough to really serve the demand, right? So, there's a lot of pent up demand that's like kind of waiting for a lot of these things. \
  \
 


### 00:28:04

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Features being one, scale being another. Obviously, there are other things woven in there as well, right? Um but all of that stuff is is is um those are the kind of the three key things in my mind's eye that will really enable us to drive those numbers um upward. And uh in the in the I I'll end with on the last thing with regards to providers and getting more supply on we will be submitting a another um not onchain but GitHub discussion to bring essentially provider incentives pilot number three um online for discussion that's going to use a completely novel approach um prior to relative to what we did for provider incentives one and two. And so PIPO 3 um should be going on discussion this week if not early next. And then fast following that will probably be within I would say 30 days from today or so we might be um submitting a PIP04 as a fast follow right in in in this exact vein right to to really ensure that we have the pipeline of um GPUs necessary and inventory necessary to serve all of the bigger customers coming in. \
  \
 


### 00:29:11

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** All right, thanks very much. That makes a lot of sense to me. Very comprehensive and detail. Appreciate it. Um I think one thing that I'm not 100% sure you guys are covering in in your kind of um growth efforts. You might be, but um I've never gotten any kind of insights into it is distribution. So I think lately you know crypto has been historically going through like cycles of like you know uh bare bull markets like bull markets were mostly based in hype uh and bare markets were just kind of the other side of the coin for that but I think we all would agree that like most tokens have been historically mispriced and you know for for a lot of time irrationally valued either you know to the upside are the downside. Uh but lately we're getting kind of more um objective kind of fundamental and like more institutional like way of looking at things and people are starting to focus on the things that matter which is something that I think the industry has lacked for a long time. \
  \
 


### 00:30:15

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Meaning um you know value capture for example no one has ever cared about what kind of capture the  value the token for that protocol captures. I think people are starting to care about now and think about that now. I think it's kind of a bad time that that happens, but there's only really a handful of tokens that really capture, you know, all our portion of a protocol's revenue. Um, another another key aspect that the industry has historically overlooked that that is becoming more prominent is distribution. So, as far as I know, to on board with the Akash you need to onboard kind of either on your own or or with the help of kind of quoteunquote official kind of Akash ecosystem parties. Uh like on boarding to akash is not as easy as maybe we would like it to be today. So, there's some some support required there. Uh and it's obviously, you know, the the burden to onboard there is much higher than than it is to onboard to AWS for example. \
  \
 


### 00:31:11

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** uh Akash is obviously super competitive price-wise like you know using Akash GPUs is like 80 90% cheaper than using AWS and 50 60% cheaper than using other competitors that have like you know the majority of the market share these days. So that's like a a very clear powerful value proposition in and of itself. But if there's no distribution that makes people aware that that's the case and also that helps people kind of on board in a more user friendly way you you know a cache might have the best product on earth but no one is ever going to end up using it. So that's really something that kills a lot of companies. Um uh and I think visibility and like making sure that people can on board to a cache through other UIs, other channels, other routes other than kind of the official way or you know the autonomous way would be super important. So like integrating a cache as like a backend option in other kind of AI on boarding platforms. \
  \
 

ash to be able to deploy onto Akash resources.00:32:06

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** I'm not super technical in this side, but um you know there must be some there would be something that you know yields a really high ROI for for the ecosystem. I don't know if you have thoughts on this. \
**Cheng Wang:** for sure. Oh yeah. No. Um I can go on for for days on this. Um uh let me Ty, did you want to I I'll just take a quick thing and respond to this, Ty, unless you want to go. Um so uh quick quick maybe not not being a great word for this. Um so this is a very nuance subject, right? Number one, what I said previously with regards to um abstracting away some of the difficulties, right? That's number one, right? That that's that's a huge thing. And and the features with regards to VM and the abstraction part of it is really important for this distribution point, right? So, there are some um I can't really name names at this point in time, but there are some partners that we've talked to who are in the you know, I'm sure you you know these names, these are household names at this point in time who are hesitant, right? \
  \
 


### 00:33:02

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And and some of them quite frankly don't do not want to integrate Akash um on the back end because of the blockchain crypto side of things, right? So really the the key part here is to create um an experience and product that they can lean on that completely abstracts away um the crypto side of things to your point. That's number one um to to enable that. So part of what I said previously will feed into um these distribution channels as well, right? Um in addition to that, the features are are really really important because some of these guys need certain features specifically like VMs, right? Um to to be capable and also um confidential compute. That's one part. Secondly is what we're building um that will launch in Akash accelerator. I don't want to get into too many details here um in in terms of a completely um managed experience if you will for users who are coming in to handhold them through the entire process in a in a very and we want to be able to test that right um and see if that works. \
  \
 


### 00:34:03

  \
**Cheng Wang:** That's one part and two and another thing is when it comes to AI developers it's like it are you coming here to rent GPUs? Are you coming here because you want access to an API? Are you coming here because you want to host your own model? You want like um models that are already hosted and are you can just like pluck off the shelf and go with it. So all of these things are um elements that we're going to bake into the next iteration um for from a from a kind of um client side things, right? That we're going to build application side things. And a lot of this stuff has been the test bed for these things were and are um the Akash chat family of tools, right? I think Yannik and Julius are um on the call and Julius has been the key guy um at the tip of the spear in terms of developing Aksh chat Akash chat API um and cost gen uh and all these things right and we're going to be bringing um hopefully soon agents to that um lineup as well to really enhance the capabilities of this entire family of tools and it's from this foundation um that we will kind of springboard the the next iteration of of products and applications for users, right? \
  \
 


### 00:35:12

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um in a more managed experience, more seamless one. And hopefully that then the API itself, right, can then be plugged into and distributed massly um everywhere else, right? So it's it's something we're very keen on um hyper aware of like the distribution is is really really important. Um the one of the challenges many challenges is like the distribution is highly dependent on the use case and and Julius can speak um circles on this right is the use cases though it seems consistent to like an average observer the actual use case for the company working in AI or developing AI is actually extremely nuanced right um it it runs the entire gamut like from do you want a self-hosted model, do you want to fine-tune your own, right? And and self-host that, do you want something out of the box? Do you just want an API? Um, what GPUs do you like need and where, right? And all that all that stuff like factors into it. Um, yeah, it's it's just it's super nuance. \
  \
 


### 00:36:17

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So really finding the right channels also to reach the right users that are a good fit for Akash network is hugely important. Also, um, so a lot of these things are sure shortcut way of saying like there are a lot of things up in the air. We're considering all these things and we're going to launch you know an entire suite of applications and and product if you will line um that is aimed at doing exactly that make onboarding users easier and make onboarding users on mass easier and the growth uh initiatives there will help us really bring it be able to bring in these cohorts of users and test them rapidly and at scale um to determine you know if we're going in the right right direction and if we are double down if we're not rapidly move to another cohort. Of \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Awesome. That's uh incredibly helpful. I appreciate it. \
**Cheng Wang:** course. Great questions, man. Thank \
**Scott Hewitson:** Ty, did you have anything else you want to I don't know if your hand's still up. \
  \
 


### 00:37:15

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, I I think Cheng put it very eloquently. Um, again, as Cheng mentioned, I think whether it be through some of these discussions that like kind of build out some of these programs and scale them out, you know, from efforts Overclock Labs has been doing or whether it be through some of the other aeps and the roadmap that you see. There's just a number of ways that um the overclock labs team and the community as a whole is thinking about just scaling out usage and supply on the network. So I think Cheng talked about you know APIs you know some of the aeps that have already passed you know that are like making it easier for teams to develop and integrate with Akash so as their product continues to grow their usage of the Akash network continues to grow there's some other efforts around chain SDK that are going to make it easier to your point around other ways to integrate like there are teams right now that you know not to do a shameless plug for SIG clients but there are teams right now outside the Akash console which is a free open source tool that are building tools on top of Ak \
  \
 


### 00:38:14

  \
**Tyler Wright:** And so they're leveraging again APIs and the SDK. And so we're always thinking about like continuing to improve those things from feedback that we get from specific partners already so that as we continue to scale and market more and find more people that it's easier for those people to onboard. So again, it's like many things that the overclock labs team is thinking about. Again, the comm we talk about these in all the six working groups as a community. Um, but as Chang mentioned, Javier, I think the way that you're thinking about things is dead on. And so, you know, please feel free to ask questions, look at the road map if you know anybody that's, you know, technical like um that wants to contribute. There's so many ways to get involved to kind of speed up the trajectory of some of these things, too. So, I just want to add \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thanks, Ty. All right. Um, I do want to is if you guys if there's no more discussion uh on that or Javier, did you have any other um follow-ups with that? \
  \
 


### 00:39:15

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All right. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Nope. That's That's as much as I'll bother you today. Thanks a lot, guys. \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, it's good. I mean, it's good. um you know these these these are things that are you know I know overclock's always thinking about and sometimes it doesn't get shown as much so when people when we're talking in these community calls it's like hey no this is we're thinking about a lot of this stuff um maybe more than it looks like um one thing uh I was looking in the in the discord and Cam uh from Block Dynamics he's one of the validators he's all over Telegram too he did ask about 855 which is the buyback and burn um I know, you know. So, if you here, I'll put it up. Um, I think Greg put this up. Supposed to be completed by the end or the estimated completion was by the end of uh June. So, that's in 20 days. Um, Chang, to put you on the spot, do you know uh any updates or status or you know, I know Greg put out a bunch of stuff when he he did a lot of the ape uh like the road map stuff. \
  \
 


### 00:40:19

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Is there any discuss internal discussions? I don't personally know uh of anything rolling with this, but is there anything you could share by chance if there is? \
**Cheng Wang:** Uh \
**Scott Hewitson:** And if \
**Cheng Wang:** I think my uh my my signal is is cutting in and out. Uh no, I'm I'm kidding. Um so um the internally there haven't been um huge amount of discussions pushing this thing forward one way or the other. Oh well my video didn't turn back on. Hang on. My joke became more serious. Okay. Um but there is there is initial thoughts around how we're going to do this. Um obviously I think uh timelines at that point in time where we might as well like I think is going to be here. Um so it's as far as moving forward obviously the technicals everything that I mentioned before um takes huge precedent over this as far as like how we consider mint and burn mechanisms has to be taken into the broader context of the token economics itself right and when you take into the broader token economics itself it weaves into an whole like the chain itself right so there are just like you you can't solve one in complete isolation. \
  \
 


### 00:41:33

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um, but I would say that uh for the mint and burn, especially for the burn part of this um kind of idea, there is definitely something um really early on that we're kind of cooking up a little bit and we'll have to test how it works. Um but uh we we'll we'll launch I think I don't want to really uh steal the thunder here, you know, if this if um of a accelerator, right? is something that we're actually thinking about quite actively in terms of how we approach this in a way that isn't just like BS, right? Not to use your name uh BS, but you know, like actual bull crap. Um where we we do things and just burn for the sake of burning, right? That's that's not compelling. It has to be something um more reasonable um that is obviously sustainably sustainability is one. It's got to make sense. we can't just burn uh because you know the protocol says yeah x every block x many tokens get burned and whatever whatever right that's like h kind of boring um and it's I think we want to definitely staple it to um utilization right is is one thing and to make sure that um and to manage token economics properly right so like the broader to token economics picture needs to be thought about require a lot more iterations \
  \
 


### 00:42:52

  \
**Cheng Wang:** and a lot more thought to do it thoughtfully That's one and then a part of that is going to be kind of the burn mechanism and how we'll weave that into the overarching mechanics is um is still under development. Long story short, not a lot of concrete thought has gone into it but it \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Cheng Wang:** is something that we are keenly aware of. Uh like utilization as in like workload like uh revenue \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** just for for the benefit of the discussion. So I didn't mention this but I I work in the DYDX ecosystem. We're also like a cosmos chain and the head of legal at the at the DYX foundation. um obviously has had a deal kind of we when reviewing our buyback program the white excessive buyback program or we call it buyback and stake program \
**Cheng Wang:** Mhm. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** legal had like a pretty pretty big seat at the table given potential implications and I think we ended up in a place that I was very happy with from a legal standpoint um in case you guys want to look at the way we've done things uh and gain inspiration from that um I'm also super happy to kind of help you you know ideate around how to potentially structure the buyback program in a way that's sustainable. \
  \
 


### 00:44:05

  \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** We did satisfy both of those requirements in our program. So one, we did use some protocol revenue for the buybacks um not just funds from other parts in the ecosystem or make it value extractive for the ecosystem and two we made it sustainable so that there's no burning going on but all of the tokens that are being bought back are being staked um to the network uh to then contribute to kind of create a good kind of self-reinforcing feedback loop for the the buyback program itself and also for other initiatives in the ecosystem. So, \
**Cheng Wang:** Super cool. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** uh, yeah, I think values are pretty aligned there in case you want kind of need to break it break break, \
**Cheng Wang:** Awesome. \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** you know, the way we've done things down for for you guys at any point in time. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, thank thank you Javier. I just put the uh the link to your guys's uh buyback program. It was in March, so it was recent. I know we've we've discussed a little bit offline outside this call on that. \
  \
 


### 00:45:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, I'd love to to loop you in when the when the time comes. Um maybe we Ty maybe we can make an action item to change that uh deadline or like expected completion to maybe the end of year roll roll it 6 months or something cuz I do know you know in crypto just saying the word burn people like it right um doesn't matter what it does you know I know Cheng you say let's make it make sense but there's a lot of you know there's the mid curve the left and the right curve a lot of people hang out in the ends so um you know it's whenever you say turn um people especially retail get excited or you know want to know more. So I know in telegram the questions come up. I know Andrew G is also brought it up a few times. So um yeah just because it says burn uh retail's asking. So um expect expectation management is a is a good thing um there. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yep. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Cool. Thank you sir. \
  \
 


### 00:46:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, Javier, did you uh I know you're you're dry. Your hand's still up. Do you have another question or um is it just still up? \
**Javier Sánchez Valiente:** Sorry, put it down. I don't know why it's not going down after I speak. Normally, like when you speak and then go mute again, it goes down automatically. But it's not doing that anymore. \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, \
**Scott Hewitson:** no worries. \
**Tyler Wright:** that's not you, Javier. That's that's Google. That's not your fault. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, we don't we don't want you crashing. We know you're you're in a car. You leave your hand up the whole time if you want. Awesome. Cool. Um, yeah, nice nice long discussion today. Does anyone We got about 10 10 more minutes. Don't need to go the full time. Um, does anyone else have any other questions, comments, concerns, or ideas? Anything that they'd like to bring forward to the to the group at large. \
  \
 


### 00:46:45

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Going once, going twice. All right. Um, so if you do have anything after this, please put it in um in Discord. Uh, you can tag me or Chang or whoever. If you tag me, I'll I'll see it quicker probably. Um, yeah, as always, we appreciate appreciate everyone coming. Um, you know, these are always pretty pretty fruitful discussions. It's my favorite call of the month. Um, yeah, I look forward to next month and keeping keeping things rolling and growing the network. So, with that, we'll we'll end the call. Oh, Jane. \
**Cheng Wang:** classic uh off the top rope in the last second um here uh is Akash accelerate. I want to do a little plug. I know I talked about Kos accelerate mentioned a bunch of times but is happening June 23rd and I think there will be right Tai a webcast of this um and uh so yeah please please please make sure you join that um and stay tuned it's going to be in um Brooklyn New York this year round on the back or on you know ahead of um permissionless right um and yeah so is it permissionless \
  \
 


### 00:47:56

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** yeah yeah Okay. Um and so yeah, please please stay tuned. There a lot of big announcements there, a lot of stuff coming on board um coming through. There's, you know, the team's been working um very tireously to really bring a lot of this stuff to bear. And we think there's going to be um is this is really I think important inflection point in the network's uh time as well as you know overclock labs and the core team here. what um we're in a wonderful position to actually capture significant portions of the market and and um start to develop a lead and um and we're you know all the questions I think asked here I think it demonstrates based on you know a lot of the \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Cheng Wang:** precise and specific answers that we have right with with regards to to addressing these um is a demonstration that you know we're we're thinking about these things very very um very keenly and so please stay tuned come to college accelerate if you can uh or Tune in if you can. If not, catch us on the uh recorded content. Like and subscribe. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Can't forget that. All right, y'all. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:49:30

