# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #29

## Agenda

* Recap of June meeting and proposal updates
* Discussion on PIP03 and its evolution
* Market making deployment status
* Community growth and marketing proposal Q\&A
* General questions from Discord (Andrew G.)
* Open floor for community contributions

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday,  July 9, 2025 
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://a73ixywfpjvmnmcddpd3mgee3amimpfojbdzhhnuenohlqa2wrla.arweave.net/B_aL4sV6asawQxvHthiE2BiGPK5IR5OdtCNcdcAatFY)
- [Transcript](#transcript)

## Participants

* Scott Hewitson
* Cheng Wang
* Tyler Wright
* Rodri R
* Community attendees

## Meeting Notes

### Recap and General Updates

* PIP01 is nearing completion; dashboards are available in the community spend reporting repo.
* PIP02 is about halfway through.
* Several proposals passed since the last meeting:

  * DeAI Hub
  * AEP Support Services
  * Community Growth Marketing
  * IBC Client for Umei
* Akash Accelerate occurred between meetings; generated discussions around Star Bonds and Star Cluster.

### Market Making Deployment

* All funds related to the market making proposal have now been fully deployed.
* Target depth of \$1M USD within ±2% on major trading pairs has been achieved.
* Expected outcomes include increased liquidity, reduced slippage, and stronger price stability.
* Akash markets are now more resilient to small buy/sell pressure.

### Proposal Discussion

* Community Programs Q3 2025 proposal and Zealy Program are up for vote.
* The Akash Community Activities proposal for Q3 will likely not be submitted due to excess funds in the wallet.

### Investor Relations Dashboard (Steering Committee Update)

* A team presented a proposal for investor-facing block advisory dashboards.
* Goal is to support large AKT purchases by improving data transparency.
* Options include a 1-year or 2-year commitment.
* Overclock Labs prefers a 1-year test period before extending.

### PIP03 and Star Cluster

* Cheng Wang explained PIP03 as a significant evolution of previous PIPs, focusing on:

  * Bringing permanent GPU compute onto the network.
  * Reducing long-term cost via direct GPU ownership vs. short-term contracts.
  * Ensuring long-term hardware relevance and insulation from obsolescence risk.
* PIP03 is effectively synonymous with the Star Cluster initiative.
* Approach is to acquire top-tier GPUs and amortize costs over their useful lifespan.
* Emphasized as a transformational step, likened to the "Charizard" evolution in Pokémon terms.

### Growth and Marketing Proposal Q\&A (from Andrew G.)

* Question 1: Who is in charge of the growth proposal?

  * Overclock Labs is the administrator and point of contact.
  * For suggestions or concerns, community members are encouraged to reach out to Cheng, Scott, or Tyler.
  * SIG Design is a helpful venue for tracking related deliverables and joining ongoing discussions.

* Question 2: Will the 4M AKT proposal create sell pressure?

  * Some pressure is expected but is mitigated by:

    * Staggered vendor payments and responsible liquidation strategies.
    * The proposal includes volatility buffers; initial quarter needs only 1.2M AKT.
  * Cheng emphasized that:

    * These funds come from staking tax; if not pooled, they’d be in stakers' hands and likely sold anyway.
    * Transparency and accountability will be maintained via public KPIs (leads, impressions, etc.)
    * Growth investment is vital to securing Akash’s position in decentralized AI and DePIN sectors.

### Additional Insights

* Market makers are expanding coverage to include EUR pairs, broadening Akash’s global footprint.
* SIG Design is a space for live tracking of growth proposal outcomes and dashboards.

### Closing Remarks

* No further questions from attendees or Discord.
* Meeting adjourned early due to concise agenda and absence of major blockers.
* Acknowledgment of community’s continued engagement and transparency in decision-making.

## Action Items

* Cheng Wang to continue refining and publicly documenting the PIP03/Star Cluster details.
* Overclock Labs to publish KPIs and reporting for the marketing spend.
* Community encouraged to provide feedback on GitHub or via SIG Design/Discord.
* SIG Design to track and display proposal outcomes and design assets related to growth initiatives.


## Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All right, GMGM everybody. It is July 9th, 2025 for this month's installment of SIG economics. Typically how we go through these calls for anyone who's who's watching the recording, uh we kind of do a little recap of last last month's call. Um go through any like open discussions or any proposals that have been on chain or or onchain. um kind of just talk through some things. Um us from Overclock Labs, we usually have some updates, things that are cooking and then um you know, we always open it up to to questions for the community. And I know there are some uh some questions that were dropped in Discord um by Andrew. Uh so we'll be sure to address those when the time comes. But yeah, so kind of kicking things off. last call. Um we had we we talked a little bit about um PIPO 3. I since since then um you know there's a little bit of developments and movements there that I can let Cheng uh talk about momentarily. So we'll we'll come back to that. \
  \



### 00:01:10

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um but right now PIP 03 as it stands is kind of on ice. Um, if you recall, pipo pipo one and pipo 2. Um, pipo one is almost complete. Um, there's dashboards for those in the community pool spend reporting repo. If you got any questions, please let me know. Ping me in Discord or wherever. Um, Pipo 2 is about halfway through, I believe. Um, so kind of I'm I'm looking at the notes, too. Um, for anyone that, you know, wants to follow along, um, the notes from last week. So or last month uh we talked a little bit about the DAI hub proposal  that was live. It passed the AEP support services passed and then community growth marketing that went up and passed as well. Um we had Akash Accelerate um in between these two calls. So there was a lot of chatter there about some star bonds and star cluster and some things. So uh maybe I'll help Cheng uh talk about that a little bit. \
  \
 


### 00:02:11

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** But I know there's been some some questions from the community um kind of just on the inner workings. If you haven't seen it, there is a a little uh video with Akash Alpha and interviewing Cheng talking a little bit more in detail. Um I don't I can probably find the link or something and drop it in here. But um yeah, there was good some good conversation on that as well. Um let's see. Talked a little bit about the the market making stuff. Uh the market making prop. It's believe we are fully fully deployed at this point. So all those funds are being used to uh increase depth and um liquidity in the markets across various centralized exchanges. Um and as we you know on that prop right those those funds are community funds. So as as those uh agreements come to close, those funds will be returned to the pool whether it's in the form of stable coins or uh in AKT depending on price action and all all the things that went into those agreements. \
  \
 


### 00:03:13

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um let's see there's yeah we had a lot quite a quite a bit of stuff. There was some some talk about um like the buyback and burn. I think Andrew brought it up buyback and burn stuff because there was on a road on the road map it says like by June or July. So clearly we've we're not there yet. I I don't know if those have been updated but I think we do need to update some of those uh roadmap items because people people look for road map to just kind of see when things are coming and when they don't they're you know there's it's natural to ask why. Um what else? Yeah. So that's that's kind of like recap last call. Um there's notes out there a lot more in detail. Um George Pro does a great job of uh of doing those notes. And then uh there's also the video if you want to watch. Um jumping into the proposals since the last call. I think it was like early June. \
  \
 


### 00:04:11

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So um yeah, June 11th. Um so yeah, DeAI hub passed, support h support services passed, community growth marketing passed. There was also a IBC climate client for Umei that passed. And then currently there's uh the community programs Q3 2025 proposal that is up for voting and then the Zealy program uh is up as well. Um I was actually just talking to Adam . The Akash uh community activities um there's that was supposed to go up this week but there's there's still excess funds on the wallet. So, um, and the funds exceed the the requirement for Q3. So, he's he's doing a good job or he's going to be making some updates in the GitHub discussions. Um, that probably I'd say 99% there won't be a proposal for Q3 for that just because there's excess funds. Um, which is, you know, it's happened before. I think it's happened one or two other times with some of these, uh, recurring props. Um it's just kind of the nature of if things get spent or if uh you know price action changes or whatever. \
  \
 


### 00:05:20

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um yeah, I think that's that's pretty good for the proposals that are out there. Um I know steering committee was last last week and there were some some teams that spoke there. Um, so we'll see if there, you know, get some discussions up and, uh, you know, see if there's any any movement on those or, um, I'd encourage any Oh, Tyler, go ahead. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, I was just going to chime in very quickly. There's a discussion from a team um that presented at SIG Analytics and SIG uh the steering committee um that kind of touches SIG economics and it's around uh the block advisory dashboards for investor relations. This is for like investors that are looking to I think buy large amounts of AKT. This is a dashboard that they actively uh use. It's like a best and standard dashboard. Um, and so there's, um, again, there's a demo. Uh, you can look at the, uh, steering committee video if you want to see the demo and, uh, hear some of the questions that were asked live, but the two options are a one-year commitment um, and or a two-year commitment. \
  \
 


### 00:06:25

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I think the Overclock Labs team is more in favor of the one-year commitment, show what you can do, and then uh, potentially go for a second year after that. But want to get uh, hear what the community thinks. I'll get feedback from them uh, there. So, just drop any notes or thoughts in that discussion. Sorry to chime in. I just thought it would be a good time because \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, \
**Tyler Wright:** you mentioned \
**Scott Hewitson:** no, it was perfect, perfect chime in because I didn't have the detail that you had. I mean, I I'd heard it before and but it's always, you know, you're you're on top of the stuff. So, no, don't feel bad at all. You know, you know, we love you, Tyler. Cool. Um, yeah. So, with that, I think, um, yeah, that kind of covers like everything in the past coming up to today. Um, I can we can either, uh, talk if if Cheng if we want to talk about a few things. Maybe you could, uh, highlight or talk about Pipo 3 and like the star bonds and star cluster stuff. \
  \
 


### 00:07:21

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Just a, you know, a couple minutes on on all that stuff. Um, and then I do want to after after you talk about that, we'll address some of the questions that Andrew G uh put into Discord. \
**Cheng Wang:** Absolutely. My pleasure. Hello everyone. Can you hear me? All right. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yep. \
**Cheng Wang:** All right. Excellent. Welcome to this sig economics  as Scott says of of the Sig economics episode. And so regarding the uh PIP 03 uh a little bit of a journey there actually. So you guys know the history of PIPO one and PIPO 2 and PIPO3 the kind of the uh the driving core of it was really um you know what I'm calling protocol and compute PC um and and bringing supply onto Akash network in a more permanent fashion that is also going to be economically more advantaged right so i.e cheaper than the historical way we've done it for PIPO one pipo 2 which is in in contracts with particular providers right um so that's the core driver behind it now the original discussion that was put up probably a little bit we we thought it was really well thought out but I think parts of it were still um kind of under we rushed it I think and um and the we should have waited I think till after Akash accelerate to be honest once we really fleshed about um everything regarding \
  \
 


### 00:08:42

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Jang, \
**Cheng Wang:** start \
**Scott Hewitson:** I I \
**Cheng Wang:** cluster \
**Scott Hewitson:** don't I \
**Cheng Wang:** and \
**Scott Hewitson:** don't \
**Cheng Wang:** things \
**Scott Hewitson:** think \
**Cheng Wang:** like \
**Scott Hewitson:** we \
**Cheng Wang:** that. \
**Scott Hewitson:** uh I don't think we put up any discussion on \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh no no no \
**Scott Hewitson:** PIPO. \
**Cheng Wang:** no sorry this for pip 03 we did for for \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** in the GitHub discussions sorry so not not \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, \
**Cheng Wang:** for proposal but in discussions \
**Scott Hewitson:** there there was no there was no discussions yet. It was it had been teased a few times in SIG economics. We've been we talked about it with a few folks in the community, but there \
**Cheng Wang:** way \
**Scott Hewitson:** there was no official PIPO3 discussion. \
**Cheng Wang:** I \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, \
**Cheng Wang:** thought \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** there \
**Scott Hewitson:** know \
**Cheng Wang:** was \
**Scott Hewitson:** I know I know I saw some draft ones, but um, yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Hang on a \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, so you're fine. You're fine. You didn't you didn't shoot the gun too much. \
  \
 


### 00:09:15

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Okay. Okay. I could have sworn I I put it up on GitHub. Uh or did I not? \
**Scott Hewitson:** I \
**Cheng Wang:** No. \
**Scott Hewitson:** don't see it, \
**Cheng Wang:** Anyway. \
**Scott Hewitson:** but \
**Cheng Wang:** Anyway, \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** so that that might have been a misfire. Sorry, Ty. Did you have something to chime in on or was it that to keep my foot out of my mouth? \
**Tyler Wright:** No, no, no. Sorry. My hands still up from earlier. \
**Cheng Wang:** I see. Okay. Anyway, so PIP 03 \
**Scott Hewitson:** Just sitting there like this. \
**Cheng Wang:** just said there PIPO3 um will be like I think taken in the form of so you know all the the chatter around star cluster and things that is essentially what pipo3 is going to be um and it's a complete not complete but it's definitely an evolution based on the first two pips and the learnings raw from those um to bring compute onto a network in a more permanent sense right um that's number one number two is uh also over time making that compute cheaper for a cost network because you don't have to pay those monthly fees. \
  \
 


### 00:10:12

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Obviously, if you rent something on demand, it's going to be cheaper if you rent it for a long or or buy for a long period of time, right? It depends on economics, but that's the the entire premise of it. And um we're fleshing out a lot of details. Um if you guys take a look at the the link that was dropped the interview with Akash Alpha there um not my finest thumbnail but um the some of the kind of ideiation and details are covered there as far as like what's on our minds um and what is still to be addressed right there are a lot of pieces um to this entire thing to to bring um these GPUs to life on a clash network in the format that we want to do it in. And so we're or over cloud lab score core teams would like to um kind of bring it bring it to bear. Right? So that's really a lot of details can be found out. I don't have to rehash too much of it but the the premise is again bringing compute onto the network in a more permanent sense. \
  \
 


### 00:11:04

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Not just kind of year-long contracts but multi-year um for the lifetime of the GPUs through purchasing them. That's number one. Um number two is ensuring that the GPUs are um of the you know highest quality and therefore you know ensures us against or insulates us against obsolescence risk right um because GPUs more new models come out pretty much every year and obsolescence is a big risk and third is from the economic perspective uh making them cheaper over time right so that and you know for the network instead of paying the yearly rental rates um you're going to be advertising that cost over over a significant period of time um and uh Hopefully that will bring a lot of pay a lot of dividends in getting more demand on the network um dramatically. So, so those are the uh the key things. Pipo3 I would say PIPO3 think of it synonymously as star cluster. Those two things are essentially the same because PIPO3 or starcluster is such a dramatic um evolution step and evolution um of the program and how we're approaching things. \
  \
 


### 00:12:05

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Uh it it really warrants its own kind of like um way of looking at it, right? and how we're going to bring it to market is going to look a bit different quite a bit different than the first two pips. Um so yeah, the best I characterize is probably if you guys play the original Pokemon, right? Like uh uh um sorry um what is it? Charmander to Charmeleon wasn't a big shift, but then Charmeleon to Charizard. Big shift, right? So the third one is really Pip 03 there. Um dating myself if if none of you have seen or know what the P those Pokemon are. That is that is it for PIP03, the Charizard of PIPS. \
**Scott Hewitson:** I like that. I like that analogy. Didn't didn't see that coming, but I I kind of liked it. Uh, cool. Um, right on. Well, I think uh that's good from Pipo3. And yes, you didn't drop the discussion in. It's just been this internal chatter in SIG Econ and floating around. \
  \
 


### 00:12:59

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, you're good there. Um I do want to address uh Andrew's a couple of Andrew's questions. Uh and these are just in Discord. Um he's got three of them. I'm going to start with the second one. Where are we with buy and burn mechanism? We are at 0% thought and 0% complete. Um, I'm not sure, you know, if we I I know I I said last time to make an action item to kind of like move that out. Um, that I don't believe that's been done. Um, so I I'll follow up, but yeah, that is kind of on the back burner at the moment. Um, the other two questions are in regard to the growth prop u, and I can handle you. So the third question is, will this 4 million, you know, growth prop be sell pressure on AKT price? Uh, yes to to a degree. Oh, did you did you put that in there? Oh, I I stand corrected. \
**Cheng Wang:** I snuck it in in the middle of the night as as \
  \
 


### 00:13:58

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** big \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** as that I did. \
**Scott Hewitson:** He \
**Cheng Wang:** I'm \
**Scott Hewitson:** did \
**Cheng Wang:** just \
**Scott Hewitson:** he \
**Cheng Wang:** kidding. \
**Scott Hewitson:** did he did put a pipo3 up. My bad. My bad. Um, okay. Yeah. So, this this growth and marketing prop, there's two questions. One's who's who's in charge? Two, uh, it's a big price tag. Is that going to contribute to sell pressure? The the second question um is you know the will it contribute to sell pressure? The answer is yes a little bit but you know it's probably not as much as you think. Um so I think that I'm looking at the prop right now it's uh two and a half million over a year. Uh and then there's like the volatility buffer on top of it. So for Q for eight for the first half cheng go ahead. \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, sorry. Sorry. Finish first. Finish first. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. \
  \
 


### 00:14:43

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, I was just going to say so like the first half this the first prop was like 2.3 I believe. Um that's that's what that went up. So a portion of that as volatility buffer. What what is needed is like 1.2 from that. Um so yeah I mean it's and it's also spread over time. So it's not like you know it's it's not like it's already been sold or and you can go check those wallets to see the status. usually uh you know I don't know if we'll probably be doing like um vendor payments directly um and then you know like maybe a combo of vendor payments and then combo of um you know some more like structured liquidations in a way that is does not affect affect price. Um but the second question uh or actually it was the first question who's in charge of the growth prop like who to talk to if they say I want to do a hackathon or marketing or something in the region. So, with that, I'll I'll turn it over to Chang for who owns the the growth and marketing prop and what's going on there. \
  \
 


### 00:15:45

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Uh did Ty raise his hand? No, the tie's number two. \
**Scott Hewitson:** You \
**Cheng Wang:** Okay. \
**Scott Hewitson:** got it \
**Cheng Wang:** Um \
**Scott Hewitson:** first. Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. Yeah. So, uh let me know if you want to uh go first, but I I'll jump into So, the owner of this like w it's it's overclock labs as the administrator, right? Like working directly with the vendor. If there are specific um community initiatives or things that you think should be done, done differently, done better, not be done, um I would say surface it with the likes of tyler, myself, uh Scott here on the call and we'll make sure that it passes through to the appropriate years. Um you know, and and so that that's what I would say over like glo like overclock labs as the kind of the core team is going to be the responsible party, right? And if you want to talk to anyone any anyone historically that you've talked to on discord about specific things will be able to have um a big influence on um you know the direction there and rest assured internally obviously because it is quite a bit of money um we are uh we I think in terms of the KPIs that we have um uh promised to report we're going to report on those and we're going to press \
  \
 


### 00:16:51

  \
**Cheng Wang:** on that to have the reporting just as kind of we've done so for community spend um uh specifically ally for like events, right? We're going to have these kind of things out there in terms of number of leads, impressions, etc., etc. All these things are going to be um published so that the community has uh we have full accountability uh accountability to the community in terms of how we're spending the funds. So, that's one. Secondly, I just want to go back quickly and addressing the cell pressure item. Scott is 100% right. The other thing I want to um kind of just as an overall commentary on this the idea of sell pressure when it comes to funds spent from the community pool. I want to like address that really broadly. Um and I guess broadly slashsp specifically, right? So like go back to the kind of first principle layer of where do these community pool funds come from? They come from a tax on the staking rewards, right? So if the community pool tax hadn't been there, all of these tokens that have been accumulated into the community pool to date would have been distributed distributed mostly to stakers anyway, right? \
  \
 


### 00:17:54

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And so who knows what they'll do in that respective sense. Maybe some will sell, maybe some will some will continue to retain. Um so it's hard to say if there has been net positive or net um negative, right? Higher or lower sell pressure relative to the norm had we not had this community pool tax the way it is now. So that that part is really hard to say. But I do want to emphasize that this the the sell pressure any that comes from community pool expenditures isn't it's not a foregone conclusion to say that this is adding more cell pressure than what than what the alternative would have been. Right? That's number one. Number two is it feels probably a bit more um jarring for the community because these funds that are aggregated, right? they they kind of aggregate and they get saved up over time in the community pool via the tax um and they're spent in big chunks, right? So that I think seeing the big ticket number um out there in the world is what I think gives some people angst and and I think the the angst and the questioning is really good and healthy to keep us accountable. \
  \
 


### 00:18:58

  \
**Cheng Wang:** But I definitely want to remind that the expenditure of these things is done so extremely publicly with high degree of accountability um reporting all that stuff associated with it and it's all in service of doing good for the network right building permanent value building um uh awareness all that kind of stuff. So via you know the apes uh via the growth funding you know the growth funding is really important overall because there's a window of opportunity and time within kind of the space we're in within deep pin within AI and decentralized AI to really capture market share and if you don't acquire users and bring them onto the platform over time um you're essentially building nothing right so Akash network is more than just a toknonomics platform if you didn't have all of the utility we had we would simply just be another toknonomics chain and there infinite of them out there essentially. Um and so building these really um I think valued driving mechanisms through utility takes time, takes effort and that's what all of these specific proposals expenditures from the community pool um is meant to serve. \
  \
 


### 00:20:03

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, I know it's a little bit long- winded there, but I wanted to get that out there regarding cell pressure. \
**Scott Hewitson:** No, thank you for that. I think it's uh it helps. Yeah, it's like if if it's not going to grow the network, it's growing, it's going to stakers and you know, they may be aligned, they may use their AKT for good, they may use it for compute or they may just sell it. Um, \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** yeah, it's kind of \
**Cheng Wang:** And what's \
**Scott Hewitson:** hard. \
**Cheng Wang:** the alternative, right? If we didn't have these things and we weren't building, you know, spending the funds, building um the the stuff we're building today, then we we wouldn't be where we are. Uh oh, sorry, one more thing. Ty, apologize. Um, which is with um and and Scott uh touched on it, which is we have fully deployed the market making um prop funds, right? As of this week, it's fully out there. So, the aggregate depth you're going to see out there, and you know, it's going to obviously fluctuate from time to time, but the uh on average the aggregate depth across all of our major markets um plus minus 2% on either side should be about a million dollars US, which means our our markets are as um deep and as thick and as tight as they've ever been, right? \
  \
 


### 00:21:08

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um don't misappropriate the sequence of those words in any NSFW content. Um so, it's it's been amazing. Uh it's it's really the the the healthiest I think our markets have been for a very very long time and um or at least ever I I really want to say. So we're those those should start bearing fruit. It's going to take a little bit of time but it'll  more um interest in the market and also all of that depth and liquidity is going to help um combat right any potential um sell pressure that's coming. I'm not sure if you guys are active in in the Akash markets, but you know, a year or two years ago, you know, small sells and buys may change prices, you know, pretty instantaneously, versus now you try to buy or sell, you know, a couple thousand dollars, right? Uh it's it's not going to really move the needle all that much um at all, right? Because the market is like substantially thick and it's really really um the spreads are quite tight as well. \
  \
 


### 00:21:58

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And we're also um pushing some of our market makers to develop uh the markets outside of just the US dollar pairs and USDT pairs, but also the euro pairs. Um so those are you know hugely I think important to really build out a more global uh tent for a network holders. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. Thank you for that. Chain Ty, go ahead. I know you're you're standing there with your hand up. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. Yeah. No, the only thing that I was going to add in regards to the growth uh marketing proposal that passed on chain is um there is a SIG design meeting. We actually had it earlier today. Um some of the folks that are involved in the strategy and design um are we're there. Um that's a place that we will consistently track a number of deliverables. So we'll showcase some of those dashboards Cheng talked about. Um we could talk about ideas. If anybody has any ideas between meeting besides what Cheng mentioned of talking to myself, Adam, Cheng or others, you can always just drop ideas into \
  \
 


### 00:23:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Tyler Wright:** SIG design channel. Um and that will be where we kind of track everything as it pertains to that uh growth proposal. So um you just like if you want to join those meetings um you feel free to like add them to your schedule and you can uh talk live to again members of Overclock Labs team um other vendors that will be involved in the process etc and then see the dashboards. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thank you, Tyler. And thank you, Cheng. Um, let's see. I think I'm trying to see if there's any other questions in here. Uh, no, doesn't look like it or nothing explicit. There's some stuff from Ellis Network, but no direct asks yet. Um, does anyone on this call have any questions or concerns or any ideas or things that they'd like to bring up at this time? Floor is open. And Andrew is not here and we already answered his question. So all good. Um okay. Well, if if no one has anything. Um yeah, that's all I have. I think that's all we've got from the overclock side. Um about halfway through. Some of these calls go long, some of them go short. This today's a short one. So uh I hope everyone has a good rest of your day, good rest of your week, and um yeah, we'll see everyone around. Appreciate y'all. \
**Rodri R:** See you guys. \
**Tyler Wright:** Thank you. Thank you, Scott. \
**Rodri R:** No, Andrew. Short short meeting. \
  \
 


### Transcription ended after 00:24:38

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*

