# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #30

## Agenda

* Recap of previous meeting (July)
* Review of proposals on-chain and upcoming
* Akash Foundation operational expense proposal
* Starcluster Program rollout and investor model
* Mintscan block explorer funding and community alternatives
* Transparency in community pool spend reporting
* Liquidity pool ideas: AKT/BTC on Osmosis
* Validator economics and sustainability
* DAI Hub and growth marketing feedback
* Client incentives and grants

## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday,  August 6, 2025 
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://7q6b42az66vpcnyw5ppzag7bm3k2trtqeq5hiokyxxkgrk5aajpq.arweave.net/_DweaBn3qvE3FuvfkBvhZtWpxnAkOnQ5WL3UaKugAl8)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants

* Scott Hewitson
* Cheng Wang
* Tyler Wright
* Andrew Gnatyuk
* AMerePotato
* Rodri R
* Fenil (Fineil)
* BS (chat)

---

## Recap of Previous Meeting (July)

* Scott provided a summary of July’s SIG Economics discussion.
* PIP 1 is almost complete; PIP 2 is about halfway executed.
* Market-making funds from the proposal have all been deployed.
* Prior meeting included discussions around Accelerate, Starcluster, and PIP 3.
* Growth and marketing proposals  were addressed both in Discord and live.

---

## Review of Proposals On-Chain and Upcoming

* The Akash Tenant Incentives proposal passed two hours prior to the call.
* A new proposal will soon be submitted to support Akash Chat API, historically funded by Overclock.
* This API highlights the power of the Akash network by showcasing GPU-powered applications.

---

## Akash Foundation Operational Expense Proposal

* Scott announced a forthcoming proposal to cover **operational expenses** for the Decentralized Cloud Foundation.
* This will include finance service providers, director compensation, custody solutions, and reporting mechanisms.
* The goal is to align with maturing industry standards and enhance transparency.
* The proposal will pass through the Steering Committee before going on-chain.
* Scott confirmed he is leaving Overclock Labs mid-August but will assist in standing up the foundation.

---

## Starcluster Program Rollout and Investor Model

* Cheng outlined that the Starcluster program will be **launched in phases (tranches)**.
* Phase 1 will be small and exploratory to gather learnings on GPU models, data center performance, and vendor viability.
* Initial funding will come primarily from investor capital, with GPUs securitized as **Starbonds** yielding returns.
* A potential subsidy model will act as a backstop if workload yields fall short.
* Over time, learnings will accelerate rollout of larger tranches.
* Cheng projected Tranche 1 launch by end of 2025, with subsequent phases improving in speed and complexity.
* Rodri inquired whether Starbond holders would receive visual indicators or perks — Cheng clarified these will not be included in the MVP but could be part of future updates.

---

## Mintscan Block Explorer Funding and Community Alternatives

* Fenil raised a question about Mintscan's continued funding and whether Akash will pay for it.
* Cheng and Tyler confirmed Akash will continue with Mintscan due to its importance and reliability.
* Mintscan offered Akash a favorable pricing deal that is significantly lower than standard.
* AMerePotato proposed building a community-run, open-source alternative block explorer.

  * She outlined a plan using the Community Contribution Program, with \$30–\$40/hr bounties and Friday group sessions.
  * Scott and Cheng supported parallel development, noting it's healthy for the ecosystem.
* Rodri emphasized that proper infrastructure like archive nodes and RPCs must also be considered.
* Scott pointed out the philosophical debate around whether community-funded tools must be open-source and consistent.
* Tyler noted that Mintscan may be unable to make pricing public, which complicates using the community pool.

---

## Transparency in Community Pool Spend Reporting

* Fenil asked if spend reports were being updated and if they show **impact**, not just expenditures.
* Scott clarified that the current GitHub repo shows financial details but lacks **qualitative outcome tracking**.
* Tyler confirmed some new reporting is in progress, and quarterly updates will become standard.
* Both Scott and Cheng agreed more programmatic transparency is needed moving forward.
* Cheng highlighted that the **Tips Program**, DCF, and growth teams will also adopt transparency best practices.

---

## Liquidity Pool Ideas: AKT/BTC on Osmosis

* Rodri asked if there are plans to create an AKT/BTC pool on Osmosis.
* Scott responded that the current focus is on centralized exchanges due to higher liquidity and trading volume.
* Osmosis BTC volume is growing (around \$15M TVL in BTC pools), but current AKT/DeFi volumes remain small.
* Scott emphasized that any meaningful pool would need \~\$1M liquidity to be impactful and measurable.
* Community interest and a clear incentive model would help justify such a pool in future.

---

## Validator Economics and Sustainability

* BS raised validator concerns: income fluctuates with AKT price, creating sustainability issues during downturns.
* Scott noted no formal discussions are currently active on this, but the concern is valid.
* Greg has previously suggested a 50% community tax — could be a future discussion in SIG Chain.
* The delegation cap (500K AKT per validator) may be reassessed to support fewer but more active validators.

---

## DAI Hub and Growth Marketing Feedback

* Andrew asked for more visibility into DeAI Hub activities and growth marketing ROI.
* Tyler mentioned future transparency will come via dashboards shared in **SIG Design** and **Events Working Group**.
* Cheng explained the marketing budget is being used on paid advertising across Google, Meta, and email campaigns.

  * These efforts have already generated 20+ bonafide client leads with \$5K+ monthly GPU spend.
  * Sales cycles are long, but integrations like CLI have already emerged from outreach.
* Andrew requested more social content showing the value of DAI Hub and in-person events — team agreed.

---

## Client Incentives and Grants

* Andrew asked if Akash has any grant or incentive programs for early client integrations.
* Cheng explained there is currently no formal grants program but the **Tips Program** can be used for bootstrapping.
* Future structured grants may be routed through the DCF.
* Tyler added that such programs will evolve once the foundation is fully operational.
* Scott encouraged Andrew to bring up specific projects for review, especially those needing small credits or early-stage support.

---

## Closing Reflections and Transition of Leadership

* Andrew raised concern over Scott’s departure, jokingly calling him the "Master of Coin."
* Scott clarified he’s stepping back to spend time with family but will continue assisting the foundation setup.
* Scott thanked the community and emphasized that many of Akash’s best ideas come from engaged contributors.
* Tyler proposed using SIG Economics as the official home for **Tips Program reporting** going forward.
* Participants expressed appreciation and gratitude for Scott’s leadership over the years.

---

## Action Items

- Scott to assist with operational setup of the Decentralized Cloud Foundation before departure.
- Cheng to share volatility buffer calculation methodology with the community.
- Rodri and community to explore feasibility of an AKT/BTC liquidity pool on Osmosis.
- AMerePotato to draft proposal for a community-built open-source transaction explorer.
- Team to improve community pool reporting to include qualitative impact alongside financials.
- Validator economics (e.g., delegation cap, community tax) to be discussed in SIG Chain.
- Tyler to provide regular Tips Program updates during SIG Economics meetings.
- Tyler to share marketing dashboards in SIG Design and Events groups.
- Team to publish quarterly (or monthly) growth marketing reports with KPIs and ROI.
- Andrew to follow up on client funding opportunities via Tips Program or future grants.
- Marketing team to showcase DeAI Hub activities across official Akash channels.

---
##  Transcript


### 00:00:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** All right, GMGM everybody. It is August 6th uh for this month's installment of SIG economics. Um typically how we go through these talk a little bit about how uh you know some updates from last call or what was discussed last call then we kind of look at like some proposals on chain or about to go on chain any discussions that are pertinent. I know kind of do it as well in in steering committee. Um, but kind of like to do a little overcap or a little review here as well. Um, and then as always, I'd like to open things up to the community uh to anyone who's got questions. I did see some questions from Fenil in uh Discord, so I'll I'll answer some of those at at um when we get to that. And I know Andrew G's here, so we're going to have some good questions as always. So with that, um, so last call, uh, July's call, we we talked a little bit about, um, little like recap on PIP one and two. \
  \
 


### 00:01:06

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** PIP one's done, almost done. PIP O2 is about halfway through. Um, all the the funds from the market making uh, proposal have been deployed. Um, and then I think because it uh between the the June and July call, there was Accelerate and there was like all the Starcluster and PIP three stuff. We had Shane kind of dive into that a little bit more if you want to learn more about that or see what he said. U you can uh check out those old notes or calls. Um, and then we answer some of the questions about the the growth and marketing proposals that Andrew put up. Thanks for for dropping those uh in Discord as well, Andrew. I try to I try to cover things in Discord and in here uh if possible. So yeah, that's that's kind of from last call. Um proposals on chain that have gone since the last call is uh the Akash tenant incentives. Um so that's you know the the other side of the coin from the the provider incentives. \
  \
 


### 00:02:10

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So that passed uh I think yeah two hours ago I believe. Um and then I do know there's uh Cheng put up a discussion on Akash chat like supporting uh supporting that. Um so that's the Akash chat Akash chat API and Akssh  chat. Um that's something that's been uh historically paid by overclock. Um, but to provide that, you know, tool, it's been a great showcase uh to show that you can actually build stuff and deploy things on on uh the network that, you know, have some pretty beefy GPUs behind them. So, that's that's been good. Um, expect to see that on chain uh either end of this week or beginning of next week. um trying to see if there's anything else that I can think of from those side. I mean, there's there's tons of discussions in uh I'm not privy to all of them, but or I don't know the full full scoop on all of them. Um but yeah, that's kind of from from overclock side. Um, I did want to uh before I pass it over to Cheng on any like major updates, uh I did want to uh let everyone know that I actually am leaving overclock labs uh middle of the month, so the 15th of August. \
  \
 


### 00:03:32

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um yeah, so I got another week and Chenge. I'll probably drop in on the SIG economics calls just because, you know, this this call has a a little place in my heart. Um, and you know, I might be helping out with a few other things behind the scenes once I'm once I'm done. Um, and then the other thing was, uh, you know, kind of to kick it off, um, something that the the community can expect, um, there's going to be a discussion and proposal and all these things. It'll go through steering committee um, about the operational expenses for the foundation. I know some folks may or may not know. Um, so there's, you know, there's the the decentralized cloud foundation which u, and this is, you know, I guess alpha here. Not not really alpha, but just letting letting folks know here before you see it in discussions. Um, so you know, how the crypto industry works, right? There's labs, companies, and foundations. um foundations are used for many things like market making and um you know kind of areas where traditionally especially in the United States have been a little more gray um so it's just an attempt to um you know so there's a foundation it's been there has been a foundation it's just uh we're trying to kind of put it more in the forefront um and you know it's for the community right it's uh it's it should be \
  \
 


### 00:04:56

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** good good for the community so that that is just to cover that that prop will just to be covered for like operational expenses. So like directors and like a finance uh service provider. So uh when Overclock puts up props um it'll go through foundation and you know there'll be proper tracking, proper uh custody, all the things. Um and it's it's really just a you know as the as the industry matures, as laws mature, everything matures. Um, you know, it's just an attempt to to get overclock, get Akash, get the the foundation, you know, kind of up to snuff with where uh the industry standard is today. So, expect that. Um, and then if you got any questions, you can uh drop in the discussions or I can answer anything live here. Um, but I know that's kind of some some big things for me. So, uh, with that, I'll I'll turn it over to Cheng. Uh if you've got anything um pertinent from the the overclock side \
**Cheng Wang:** Uh, no, I think you covered it pretty well. \
  \
 


### 00:05:56

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Uh, the tip stuff um has passed. I think we covered it during steering committee. Um, the DCF. Yeah. So, if anyone has any questions um please feel free. The only thing that is uh I think bears mentioning is probably with star cluster. So, obviously starcluster is um you know a gigantic undertaking and that's going to take some time to come to fruition. And like we uh like I think covered in the fireside chat um previously and and then I think I mentioned in in uh last week economics call is that we're going to approach this in phases or tranches right starting small just like pip one pit two we're going to start small and get bigger hone in on the areas where we know we're going to so we don't make kind of a grand mistake right out of the get-go right if if the first one is going to be exploratory um and see which kind of GPU models which data centers work best, which vendors, etc. All that kind of stuff. We're going to be learning um from the first phase of the SAR cluster program, and we're going to move probably quickly and very small in that regard to to reap those learnings. \
  \
 


### 00:07:00

  \
**Cheng Wang:** And once we do, we'll be able to um reso those those yields, right, um back into subsequent tanches and and make them bigger and and hopefully far more successful. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. Does anyone have Okay, there we go. Andrew, kick it off. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** So, yeah. Yeah. So, so basically the star cluster is like um for like at first you are going to do this via the governance props and then you're going to take money from the investors to invest in the star clusters or is it going to be right away like \
**Cheng Wang:** So, um it looks like right now and take this with a little bit of a grain of salt, right? Um which is we will do this taking will probably take it'll be a combination of both to start an initial trunch. It'll largely be um investordriven capital to buy these GPUs initially um and as a backs stop for these GPUs in terms of demand. The AOSH network now has really really strong demand as you guys seen has grown over the last couple of weeks especially um is and so we don't anticipate any sort of subsidy necessary for um these instruments but if necessary we'll likely architect some sort of program that's like akin to PIP 3 except it's like I think we talked about it before where we want to get to a point where instead of just paying providers you know \
  \
 


### 00:08:28

  \
**Cheng Wang:** a dollar for every GPU cycle right is to say you're going to get 80 cents for your GPU cycle and you might be 20 cents short. A cost network can help fill that 20 cents instead of paying you the whole dollar, right? So it's like the client's facing paying the uh the provider in which case, right? And if there's any potential shortfall, a cost network can make up the difference there. And so that's what largely be a combination of where number one we will raise a small pool of money directly from investors um for this particular program and that pro that these you know the the this program will require GPUs the GPUs will be securitized in the form of bonds right um and then these bonds will have yields associated with them and we exp we expect that the yields from those hosting um uh workloads um will be able to cover all of the expenses associated with the program and including and and definitely servicing the debt on the bonds. Um but in the event that it isn't, we want to preemptively make sure that there is some pool of capital made via uh available through the um through the community pool that can cover that from the demand side of things um if necessary. \
  \
 


### 00:09:37

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Right? So those are those are the kind of the two or several things working in concert. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. Got it. Thanks. So when like exactly like estimated can I send you the money to buy the bones? \
**Cheng Wang:** I don't know yet, man. That that stuff we're still we are still working out. Um, as far as the specifics go. So, we would like to get Trunch one launched by the end of the year. Um, right. And and I mentioned previously there's there's a lot of moving parts. So, um, if we can get Trunch one launched by the end of the year, that would be a huge success. And um and I expect tranch two, you know, to end will be much faster than the first one, right? The first one is always going to be the slowest. It's going to take the longest. If you recall, pip one took us seven months or something like that to fill uh in in terms of providers and then pip two was done in like three four months or something like three months or something like that. \
  \
 


### 00:10:37

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, uh things will always accelerate as we get our uh cycles under us and we understand what we're what we exactly have to do, all the nuances associated with um this new program and and new way of working uh that that'll uh dramatically accelerate. So, to answer your question, I hope to have phase one of the program uh available by end of this year. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Thank \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, all right. I think I mean Cheng if there's any other things you want to add or talk about. Uh, if not, I can um start by answering some of the questions that were in Discord um from Fineil. Good to go. All right. So, uh, I'm going to answer these two. He's got two questions in here and then I can open it up to the floor um and see see what else is on anybody else's mind. Um so the first question uh was about uh mint scan. Um you know I know I see chatter and uh like telegram and people like oh are we paying mint scan? \
  \
 


### 00:11:46

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Are we not paying mintscan? Um I think like it you know the cost is around 100 grand a year um for mint mint scan support. I know there's some teams in the ecosystem that are like saying, "Hey, we can do it for cheaper or whatever." Um, I I don't know uh as of right now. So maybe Cheng can help or if Tai is is Tai on the phone on the latest on on that, but from what I understand is yes, Mintscan is going to get paid. Uh I don't know how much and I don't know whether it's from overclock or from the community pool. So, uh, Cheng  are you able to share any um or shed any light on on that at \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I it'll largely it'll there we'll we'll likely the the direction we're going here is paying mintscan for the service for the the year going forward. Yes, people can do it um build it out and all that kind of stuff, but it's such a gold standard tool as far as explorers go and everything else they built. \
  \
 


### 00:12:54

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um it's hard to shed right now, I would say. Um, and they've been they've been great partners thus far and I I think uh supporting them in this vein and it's like rubber's meeting the road. Every crypto company, you know, you can't just rely on Ponziomics and hope every number always go up, right? You got to make revenue one way or the other. And this is um this is another proof point in that thought process. So uh number one unequivocally I caution our work overclock labs is supportive of this uh overclock is supportive of this rather um uh at least for for the first year going forward and then we'll see how things evolve. Um and you know spending more time if there were issues with with other explorers and rebuilding stuff and potential issues that arise. It's just going to seal time development cycles that we just don't want to spare. You know we're we're building we're building building the supercloud here right? um you know, we don't want to rehash stuff that's been um already fixed. \
  \
 


### 00:13:47

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, I think it's a lot easier to um continue this this uh relationship going forward. Ty, do you have anything to add? Is that fair? Oh, speaking of Neil, here he is. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. No, that is that is very fair. Um, and as as Cheng mentioned, I think uh we're continuing to figure out what that uh specifically looks like, but they are a gold standard and um the price that they are willing to give to Akash because Akash relationship is so important to them is significantly less than anything else. And this is something that's been verified. So, um, we're continuing to figure out what the next steps are, but I think continuing on with Minscan is a far better solution than trying to implement something new, um, that is all is going to have its own \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Tyler Wright:** set of issues and still a cost associated. \
**Cheng Wang:** Absolutely. Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thanks for that. And Fenil, you you jumped on right at Okay. Uh right as we were talking about your first question, I was going to go to the next one, but uh yeah, Amir Potato, please jump in. \
  \
 


### 00:14:55

  \
**AMerePotato:** Hello. Um, so I was actually one of the people who was like um leading some discussion about potentially building our own uh transaction explorer with the community contribution program. uh we were looking for a project anyway and I understand that like for this year probably won't be in time but um do you think it would be something that would be interesting for next year or given the relationship with Mintscan uh you guys think that it will probably always be like a thing that we're going to do and therefore not saving any \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I would say that's a thank you potato um participating and uh and I see see you across the community. So so uh welcome sig economics. Um the I would say you know these two things are not mutually exclusive. we should explore um options ahead of us especially uh just given the status of things now um it would behoove us to definitely explore what you've and others have suggested number one and number two is yeah no I I think that that's it would behoove us to to explore that it's um we can't it's not just like hey just because we make um now operating doesn't prevent us from doing anything else go for \
  \
 


### 00:16:20

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, the only thing that I'll add, I agree with Cheng 100% is the only thing I would add is um whatever solution ends up being developed would have to be open source. I know we talked about this previously at SIG chain and Amerepotato, I know you were there, but um anybody that's looking to build and explore. I think a couple of solutions that have been suggested as a minscan quote unquote replacement um are closed source projects. Um, so any like transaction explorer that comes through the community program would just have to be open source so it could be easily maintained. Um, so I would I would agree with Cheng on everything else, but just want to clarify \
**Scott Hewitson:** I'm going to play a little devil's advocate here. Uh, so if we do take community funds to pay Mint Scan, should that not be open source and they've got 8 million in delegations. I mean, I think Mintcan's a great tool. I use it daily. Uh, use it for creating proposals, all sorts of stuff. Um, but if it's a, you know, I would be careful saying, you know, I know we say, all right, everything from the community pool needs to be open source, but it's like if if we're going to pay Cosmo Station from the community pool and it's not open source, like that just defeats that right there. \
  \
 


### 00:17:37

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, it's true. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, so consist consistency is key. \
**Tyler Wright:** I agree. \
**Scott Hewitson:** um you know whether it's and maybe maybe the maybe the solution is okay we're we're paying for services that these services are not open source but they're required necessary services um yeah because I mean the second you open source something you kind of you lose your your moat you lose your whatever um I it's it's it's t it's a delicate balance between closed and open source and like the economics behind it um but yeah I I know this is contentious, but yeah, let's uh Ty, sorry. Go ahead. \
**Tyler Wright:** No, I think that's a very good point. I think one of the reasons why Mintscan had and the customization team have not come to a cigar working group is because by participating in the open framework they undermine their pricing that they've done with other projects. Um and so a pricing structure that they would willing willing to go with Akash if they put that in a public sig working group or a public discussion then other projects can see that and respond. \
  \
 


### 00:18:42

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Tyler Wright:** So the community pool may not even be a way that we could even go about this um just from their end as well. And this again another reason why some of these conversations which I would love to be a little bit more transparent have not been to this point. But I've been trying to like use the SIG as a way to like like let keep the community up to \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. I'm here potato. Go ahead. \
**AMerePotato:** Uh so for a little bit of background on this um the community contribution program already does have budget. So what I was kind we were going to do some project anyway but basically if we did this transaction explore it would be totally open source and community members would be maintaining on it and getting paid to work on it. So, um, we were kind of thinking of other ideas as well because it did seem like this was going to move forward, but if this would be something that could be very valuable, I think I would just like override what we're doing and just go for it. \
  \
 


### 00:19:48

  \
**AMerePotato:** Um, do you guys think that would be the case? \
**Scott Hewitson:** uh cool question on like the do like dollar amounts for like development and like ongoing costs uh for the open source uh alternative. Do you have like a a rough idea? I know there's like 10k a month for bounties, but that's across a bunch of different things. Um, are you able to share, you know, just from your conversations what uh what kind what the numbers are kind of looking like? Cuz I don't think it's a bad idea at all to do two things in parallel. One, you know, we maintain status quo because we have other things to we have bigger fish to fry and two create something that is lets us be a little more sovereign over time. Um, I I agree with that. Do you have those dollar numbers roughly? \
**AMerePotato:** Yeah. So, the way this is going to work is we're I'm intending to pay say $50 per person for us to do group sessions on Fridays. And then for individual features, um, we would just go through the community community program contribution program as it is right now and we pay somewhere between 30 and $40 an hour for that work. \
  \
 


### 00:21:07

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. This is just Scott's opinion, but I think it's I mean, if it's quote unquote lower dollars and it's getting people to work on Akash, uh I Yeah, I think it's a good use of funds, I suppose. Rodri, what's up? \
**Rodri R:** Um, no I agree I like you all say but for now Mintscan is like necessary and well there's we can't move out like leave without a car without a useful uh explorer like Minskan. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** I I've also love the idea of amerepotato and think it's a great idea to have a another explorer by the community. It could be ready yet like or next year or maybe sooner, right? But I mean for the when the Mintsan contract ends or whatever uh what I wanted to add to a mere potato that we would also need to consider like RPCs and backends and archive nodes and different kinds of nodes to run this uh explorer and make it as good as Mintsan. So, it's going to be a little more than the budget she's considering just for developing it, but I mean for keeping it running. \
  \
 


### 00:22:31

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** I think Ty said make a discussion around structure and strategy. I think I think that's a great idea just kind of high level uh or I mean and there might be already something out there. I you know I I couldn't tell you there's stuff all over the place. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I mean, we all have different kinds of move. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** I mean, I would share mine with the exporter. Um, but yeah, I mean things to consider for running a good \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. Yeah. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah, I I'll just Oh, Guys, \
**Scott Hewitson:** And I was just gonna say uh Ty and I have Tyler and I have also spoke to some some other teams that uh you know they're they're validators. They they're trying to build some stuff out at like a significantly lower price too. Um, I don't know, uh, Ty if if that person has been in talks with anybody else. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yes, they they've come to actually um discussions. They've come to the last SIG chain meeting um and I think a SIG support meeting and presented in front of the group. \
  \
 


### 00:23:28

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I think some of the participants are here but ultimately again they were trying to do a closed source solution um that um uh touched on a number of different networks and they had like I don't know if it was necessarily ready but since that discussion they have um pulled down their proposal and are thinking about different roads to um still service Akash but without having to leverage a community \
**Scott Hewitson:** Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Honestly, like the more I'm thinking about this too, it's like, you know, I know everything like development wise coming out of the community pool is uh open source, but like some of these like quote unquote services like we are a sovereign chain. We're in Cosmos. Cosmos doesn't have a crazy ton of support. Like if we were a token on like an L2 or a Salana or like something else just like immediately you have support for all these things. So you know there might be and you know it's like if we if we're having developers spend time on a block explorer they're not spending time creating the supercloud right? \
  \
 


### 00:24:36

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um so it it might be you know a rethought on you know use of funds and the community pools like there's some basic services working in the crypto industry and blockchain that like need to be done for companies or for protocols just so that they can work on their actual product versus like the infrastructure behind it. Um yeah, just my these are my thoughts. \
**Tyler Wright:** I love that idea. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I co cosign that. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. \
**Cheng Wang:** Um, from from Scott's perspective, I think it is accurate. Uh, you know, we should differentiate between services and core things built on Akash  right? I think that is an important nuance to make. So in this case right amerepotato I think um it it is worthwhile building for sure and you know one of the things I want to throw in there is would love to have part or all of the infrastructure running on Akash right for that it's is that a pipe dream I would love to see that happen that would be that would be the grail to just everything super you know uh enclosed within the aos ecosystem right at large and open source super sovereign and I think I think that'll be \
  \
 


### 00:25:42

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Rodri R:** Sovereign. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Well, I think there's been a lot of lot of good discussion um on block explorers, mint scan, and all this stuff. Uh so, thank you, Fenil, for dropping that uh message in. And it looks like you're on. Yeah, you're you're still here. So, uh glad you're able to jump in on some of that stuff. Um does anyone have any other questions in regards to block explodes? And if not, I'll move on to Fineil's second question. Um, Rodri, was that a hand or a quick updown. \
**Rodri R:** Oh yeah. But yeah, but it's not about the explorer. It's about the liquidity pools which I think might be in this economics or not. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. Yeah. I mean, everything in liquidity markets, all that stuff is is fair game. \
**Rodri R:** I think. \
**Scott Hewitson:** I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna go to Sil's question real quick and then I can hand it back over to you if you're if you're all right with that. \
**Rodri R:** But yeah. \
  \
 


### 00:26:39

  \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Cool. All righty. So, Fil's second question was uh he brought up the community pool spend reporting uh repo. Um he said, "Are these uh spend reports being actively updated?" Um for transparency it would help if they showed what Akash actually achieved from those spending so the community can better understand the value and the impact. Um first uh question actively updated. Yes. Yes they are as information comes. So I know on like some of the dashboards um at the bottom it'll say updated as of you know X date. So, uh, if there hasn't been updates, either it's, you know, needs to be updated or, uh, it's update, you know, like a an older program that's already done, it's not going to be updated. Um, what I will say from from that standpoint, um, this that repo is is more to, you know, show projected versus actuals, um, show the cost, show liquidation, kind of like the numbers behind it. it does not get into anything uh quantitative qualitative from like impact standpoint and that's probably you know something we need to work on. \
  \
 


### 00:27:56

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um I'll say from from my standpoint right because I make the dashboards um it's it's like hey we we take money you know overclock or whoever taking money from the pool um we should at least be reporting like how the money is being spent. Whether or not that's a good idea to be spending on that's like a different question. Um but those call those reports are kind of just to show like from the money side. Um and then moving forward, you know, once all the foundation stuff's kind of set up, they'll foundation will uh create kind of some of those like financial transparency reporting. The actual like I'll say programmatic transparency and reporting is something that would be specific to each program. So, I know events uh there's the community programs. W does a great job of um you know, kind of showing numbers behind all the Vanguards and all all these things. Um but yeah, it's it's definitely something that can be improved. Um at the baseline, the table stakes is like show financial reporting. \
  \
 


### 00:28:59

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um from there, you know, it's Yeah, I I I think we should we should be working on that. Ty, anything to add? \
**Tyler Wright:** No, I I would second uh what you're saying. I think there might be some reports that um are being worked on right now and so the community that that repo should be updated I think within the next like week or so. Um I would say that anything like qualitative should be like those reports are available to anybody. And so from there I think whether it be like events or any program then we take that to SIGs and working groups and we talk about hey do we need to this is how much we spent last time do you know can we balance this budget and have those conversations based upon the data. um I think either in discussions or during meetings versus um you know um like trying to wrap that up into a report because there could be biases that are attached to that. Um but again something very much to work on um and think \
  \
 


### 00:29:56

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** For sure. Yeah. Because I mean it's like at the end of the day it's like okay we asked 100 grand for X and spend it and we ask 100 grand for Y and spend it. Okay what did we get for X? What did we get for Y? Well, we know what we were intending to get for it and we know how much was spent on it, but what was the actual impact? So, like some of that stuff is uh probably, you know, I know you say there it's being worked on. Um, but some of that stuff is pro should probably be highlighted a little more than than it has. Um, and I know we're working towards it, but just healthy to call out. Um, let's see. I think I got a something in the chat. Here we go. Um, oh, BS with the paragraph. Um, Ty, are you able to read that? And uh, bring up the question or uh, just I'm gonna I'm gonna let Rodri talk for a second or maybe I'll read it while um, while Rodri's talking. \
  \
 


### 00:30:55

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** But um, I hope that answers the question a little bit, Fineil. Um, I know it's not a perfect answer, but you know, table stakes is the financial reporting is being reported, the programmatic reporting uh, is being worked on. Rodri, did you want to uh talk a little bit about I think you were talking about like liquidity pools or something in that regards \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. Yeah. Uh just wondering uh I don't see any AKT BTC pools in Osmosis just well I think it would be cool. Maybe it would peg the AKT token to BTC and that I know anyone can create a pool there but I don't have enough BTC or A to create one or to pay the osmosis fee. Uh any plans to that or I mean or why isn't it like to BTC? or not peg, not peg, but a pull for BTC. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, I think it's just no one's put up any, you know, you got a a million dollars worth of BTC to throw up against an AKT pair. \
  \
 


### 00:32:01

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, if not, I mean, I'm a I'm a Bitcoin maxi. I buy Bitcoin every week. Uh, so I'm a big fan of Bitcoin, but um, yeah, I think to just to this date um, you know, I don't it hasn't been a focus. I I know like from the liquidity and market side like centralized exchanges have been much more of a focus. Um, and it's only because Cosmos chains are Cosmos chains and we don't have as much liquidity as say Solana or Ethereum. Um, so you know, if it's if we're over on Solana or Ethereum or some L2 and there's tons of volume, it's like, okay, let's let's spin up a lot more uh, you know, pools like L LPS for for various different things. But like at this time, it's kind like that market making proposal, right? None of that went into DeFi. Um, if you just look at volumes on osmosis versus volumes on exChenges or other chains, it's it's just like it it it's something that like just won't move the needle. Um, in my opinion, I mean, we've tried we've tried uh stuff in the past with with the pools like on Osmosis. \
  \
 


### 00:33:09

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** We've tried like, you know, like per um you know, everything like on the decentralized side. it's just the liquidity is not there compared to some of these other chains. So, the focus is you go where the liquidity is, you know, the exChenges. Um, I think that's kind of been at least my my thoughts on this. Um, I would love for there to be a BTC AKT pool. Um I just you know it's like if we you know to do it right say with any kind of size maybe a million bucks you got a million dollars of AKT sell half of it for Bitcoin and then make a pool like that can be done. Um I mean if that's a but but we'd have to like show that it's actually going to like drive volume. Um and I don't know how to show that like preemptively. Um but yeah. \
**Rodri R:** Um, I I don't I don't know either, but uh yeah, I think it would be cool to see it in DeFi. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
  \
 


### 00:34:09

  \
**Rodri R:** And well, supposedly Osmosis is having more BTC volume, so maybe it could draw some attention. \
**Scott Hewitson:** That's true. \
**Rodri R:** So, Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. No, you're I mean you're absolutely right. I know. Yeah. They're like what is their whole thing? Like Bitmosis or something? Um like Yeah, they're they're they're pushing pushing heavy on it. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. And well, yeah, they're they're promoting it and and you can hold BTC. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** I mean, real BTC, but we drop real BTC from Osmosis to well, your BTC wallet. So, I mean, it's working. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. Let's see what what kind of liquidity Bitcoin liquidity we got on here. I see Oh, there's a seven token pool. That's like a 13 million. So, there's like maybe 15 million in in Bitcoin liquidity on Osmosis. That's not bad. I mean, that's pretty decent, I'd say. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah, there's the seven token pool with 12 million. Then the USDC with two, another with one. \
  \
 


### 00:35:04

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** A little over one. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. So yeah, around a little more than I mean maybe just with 100,000 and then I mean just to get it started I would put $1 of AKT and $1 of BTC. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um, yeah. I mean, it's definitely something worthy of more exploration. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think I mean, you can start a pool with 20 bucks on each side if you really want to, but Oh, I don't know. \
**Rodri R:** Oh, really? I thought it's it was like a thousand dollars worth of I mean, you have to pay I believe you have to pay an Osmo fee to create the pool, but I'll check it out. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Maybe there's I don't know. Correct. I think it's like 50 bucks. \
**Rodri R:** I mean, similar to the governance proposals. I don't know, maybe it went down, but last time I checked, I think it was like $1,000 worth. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. Yeah, I mean uh again worthy worthy of exploration if it makes sense, you know, it's worth worthy of more exploration to at least see if it makes sense. \
  \
 


### 00:35:59

  \
**Rodri R:** with it a year. Oh, was that Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um but yeah. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah. I just think it would be cool. I think it would I mean good way to promote it another pool and oh it's BTC so um yeah I don't know if it would work if it would help anything but I think it would be cool to \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
**Rodri R:** see there. Win. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, I'm looking right now on our markets, too. So, like, you know, we run, let's see, what is it? You know, 5 to 10 million a day and and 24-hour volume. Um, and like I'm just looking at Osmosis, like 40,000 20 like yeah, there's like 60 or 60 or 70 grand of volume. uh like 24-hour volume on uh on osmosis, which is like we're talking what would that be less than a percent of trading of total trading volume. So that's kind of why like again when I say 99% of the volume is on ex on centralized exChenges and 1% is on osmosis like there's that's the numbers right there. \
  \
 


### 00:37:15

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Like that's today. Um so yeah, that's I don't know. We can we can look at it more though. I I'll take a look as well. Rodri, um, okay, it looks like Tai. Okay. Yeah, the the question from BS is about like the validator economics and like sustainability. I know like when price is high, everyone all the validators happy. When price is low, like they are just making less and so you potentially break even or you're in the red. Um, is there has there been any discussion on um on adjusting community pool tax? Um, honestly, I mean that that discussion is a SIG economics discussion, too. I'd say like the pool the community pool tax. Um, I don't know of any discussions as of late. Um, I do know Greg wants 50% community pool tax. Uh, I do know that. Um, but yeah, if we we can bring it up somewhere else or bring it up next time. Um because yeah, I do I do see it. \
  \
 


### 00:38:14

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** I know Tai sees it from the validator side. Um the delegation program too has like a a cap for uh you know I think we're at like 500k on delegations uh as a cap. Maybe it makes sense to remove that or uh you know and support less validators that are doing more versus kind of a wider breadth and giving everybody a little less tokens. Um, yeah. So, I I think that's it's a valid concern. It's been a valid concern, you know, at these price levels. We were much higher for the past like year and a half. So, you know, it's not a concern until it's a concern. Um, so yeah, let I'll take a note to kind of I mean, I'm only here for another week. Um, but I I'll take a look at this and and see kind of, you know, what makes sense. I'll work with Tai. Um I know yeah he said bring it up a sig chain um because yeah get to know the requirements. Um okay yeah that's kind of let's see so answered Phen's questions in Discord Rodri. \
  \
 


### 00:39:26

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Um does I'm gonna I'm gonna stop talking because I've been doing a lot of talking. Uh, does anyone else have any other questions or things that they'd like to bring up? Uh large tradition. \
**Rodri R:** Sorry. Now it's I'm like Andrew. Uh so about Star Bonds. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Go for it, buddy. Go for it. \
**Rodri R:** I asked this in one of the channels in Discord. Uh uh just wondering if like uh those uh providers who have a star bond I mean are they going to be like VIP providers like they're going to only or special I don't know deployments on their end or something. I mean I think if it's going to be like an our star buns are going to be like an NFT tradable somewhere. So this could be used to like ver or verify the provider as well. give him something uh like a batch on the console saying they hold a star bond or I don't know some special \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. So, a bunch of stuff regarding Starbonds like a lot of the bells and whistles that you're mentioning um Rodri are not going to be part of the initial roll out because what we want to do is get to market as quickly as we can with the first round. \
  \
 


### 00:40:48

  \
**Cheng Wang:** I mentioned earlier on call that we're going to do this in phases, right? Um phase one will be much smaller experimental um and we're going to learn from that parlay that into learnings for phase two and subsequent phases thereafter. So that's the So anything like hey are there's is there going to be some fancy like UI thing that indicates someone's holding this that or the other in the initial phase likely not we're just going to probably do what is the bare MVP right um uh so and uh the minimum viable here that we can get to market with quickly so that we can get to learning quickly um and once we have you know reach a sustainable model which is sustainable um yeah I think sustainable model and structure then we can really think about all the the fancy um UI stuff making them tradable etc. Those would be really really cool something we definitely are keen on wanting to explore um but I think in the initial iteration is just a bit too soon right because just by doing the bare minimum it's already a lot um that we have not yet kind of um come across before and we're learning a ton. \
  \
 


### 00:41:55

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So um bringing all of that to bear uh in addition to everything else is going to be a bit too much. So I would say so in the in the initial set I would say first two three tranches are probably going to they're going to incrementally increase and they're going to probably increase in complexity and and how they're done as well. Um you know with learnings that we're going to report on to the community and this call and others um you just like publicly otherwise. So, uh, just like, you know, with pips one and pip two, I know the answer is I'm not giving a ton of specifics, but all I have to say is like there's a lot that we don't know. Um, so we need to shrink that universe of stuff we don't know. Um, and hone in on the stuff that we we actually can learn and then, you know, springboard from there. \
**Rodri R:** Cool. Cool. Oh, yeah. Uh, makes sense. And well, what you mentioned about Yeah. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, I know. \
  \
 


### 00:42:45

  \
**Cheng Wang:** We don't we want the details. I I want I want to get the details out, you know, um, and iron them out ASAP, too, you know. Um but uh it's just a a lot of stuff, you know. \
**Rodri R:** Where money? Yeah. No. Uh when you mention about the UI, I'm guessing that when whenever you all have something defined for the star runs and make it public and start working and if it's there's unchained stuff um well we could I \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. \
**Rodri R:** mean the community could build uh different UIs like oh like with a caution stuff so \
**Cheng Wang:** Exactly. Exactly. For sure. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Thank you for that. Roger. Ty, do you you got your hand raised? Is that because you want to say something? Nope. All right. \
**Tyler Wright:** All right. Yes. Yes, I do. Um, the only thing I would just add about the tips, sorry, I just pulled the tank. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Ah, \
**Tyler Wright:** Um, the only the only thing I would add about the tips is um I would like to use this SIG economics as a place to report on that a consistent basis. \
  \
 


### 00:43:50

  \
**Tyler Wright:** I think like SIG clients and some others like that touch this program. I think it makes sense to talk about it um on a monthly basis during SIG economics. So, if anybody has any questions between meetings about the pips program, next steps, etc., you know, feel free to drop them in Discord or um follow up um at a future meeting. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. Thank you for that. Um, alrighty. Lot of lot of good chatter today. A lot of good discussions. Um, do we have any other thoughts, comments, concerns, questions? Andrew, you got to have something stirring in your brain. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah, I have I have a concern actually. \
**Scott Hewitson:** There we go. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I have a concern like that was mentioned just at the start of this conversation like why why are we leaving like who is going to be the next master of coin and what are we going to do is this because because I have an idea that that's because you like posted all these proposals so you now have plenty of you know like and you can and you can leave so \
  \
 


### 00:44:55

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, I think I mean really, you know, I just had my my second child. Um she's five months now. Um, so I, you know, I've been been burning burning hot, running hard for, you know, three and a half years. I I just kind of need some time, uh, to decompress from it all. So that I I have no plans as of right now. Um, I will 100% want to be in the crypto industry. Um, you know, I'm still AKT holder obviously. Uh, want I want the best for the community, want the best for the token, want the best for everyone. Um and you know can you know I am leaving the like overclock. Um I the whole like foundation stuff and like getting that like operational stand up. Um that's like one thing that I'm going to still do um for you know couple months or so. However long it takes to to get rolling well because I do see value to that to for the community for holders and all the things. \
  \
 


### 00:45:54

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** So, um, yeah, it's just it's been a it's been a wild ride and, uh, I'm going to miss the community, like, you know, more than anything, more than any other stuff. Uh, but it's, yeah, it's it just kind of was time time for me. \
**Tyler Wright:** more more than Cheng and me. \
**Scott Hewitson:** That's right. Hey, it's a it's a copout answer because you guys are part of the community, right? \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** That's that's that was nicely done. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Big big brain. Big brain. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Big brain. Yeah. Um yeah, I mean I'll still I should still be around here and here or there. Uh may, you know, pop in to see economics and ask ask some hard questions, you know, um from time to time. Put people on the spot. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Oh, that would be great. There's going to be two of us then, you know, like Yeah, that sounds awesome. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, you can. Maybe you can pass me that baton and I'll start doing that. Right on. \
  \
 


### 00:47:00

  \
**Scott Hewitson:** Cool. Um, any other questions, comments, concerns, or anything at all? Um, yeah, Andrew. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yes. So um quick question about the um community growth marketing budget and the DeAI HUB. So basically we had like spending on the community pool on the DeAI HUB um which I think is working right like in Austin, Texas. Um and since we and since we have like uh already some marketing payments have been deployed I assume we have some marketing companies or some stuff that is working with our content. \
**Tyler Wright:** And it's correct. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** It would be great because like since DeAI  have was um like was paid to do some negotiation partnership and stuff and stuff. It would be great if we can like uh submit some content on our Twitter on the Akash page from that. Um I don't know like who is responsible for that but it's just a suggestion you know because like we have it like at least some pigs photo said hey we have like we've been like some beautiful guys from this project or that project just come to us and we've had like some niche coffee talk stay tuned for more updates or something like that you know just like make making an intrigue it could be nothing but it's still like a part of the concept and we would see like all the community would see that this prop has like gone and it's bring some value to the community since people are like there they chatting they're doing \
  \
 


### 00:48:27

  \
**Tyler Wright:** Please. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** some stuff there you know like and Okay. \
**Tyler Wright:** I think that's a good call out in terms of social media. Um on the growth marketing side, the SIG design um special interest group is where we're going to I think there's a number of dashboards that will be made public. I'll put those in um SIG design discord channel as well, but we'll be talking about them on a monthly basis during SIG design to talk about um progress, how capital's been using, return on investment, all that kind of stuff across a number of the growth efforts. In terms of DAI hub, um that's something that we talk about. I think Amanda will be more hands-on in in terms of like talking about during working group for events. But I love the idea of um at least showcasing uh the space a little bit better um than than um has been done so already. So I'll make sure that that's something that the uh folks on the marketing side and growth side um put front and center. There's a number of programs that I think Amanda's already run through there like hackathons, a number of events beyond just like really nice coffee. \
  \
 


### 00:49:42

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. Um uh also uh just just a quick question for the for for the props like why do we have so big like volatility buffer like 68% for the marketing and 40% for the last tip? Like I mean that's \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. So the volatility buffer is uh simple math really. So we just take the um volatility calculated over the last 30-day period and we apply um a either so if the if the um prop is really big and we expect it to take a long time let's say growth marketing as a big prop and that'll take we're going to you know stage that out as necessary. So, we're likely going to be holding on to the AKT for a long period of time. And so, the longer the period of time, the long the bigger your volatility buffer is going to be. And we can share that uh the methodology for calculating that is is it's fairly straightforward. You kind of just take your daily volatility and it take the over the past 30 days, extrapolate that to the period you want. \
  \
 


### 00:50:40

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, the 30-day moving volatility of uh the last 30-day period. Um, right? You take that and you say if you want to do it by quarter, you you you extrapolate it to quarter. If you want to do it for semiannually i.e. six months to be semiannually. So it's really the larger um two functions is if volatility has been if realized volatility on AKT has goes up then that amount will go up and that amount that volatility fluctuates right um all the time. So sometimes it can be really still and very low sometimes it can go high. Um the other component is just the duration. So, if uh volatility calculated over a 30-day period is, you know, 10, if you extrapolate that out to a quarter, that'll be, you know, some a significant amount higher. And then if you do six months, that'll be even higher still. So, um I think I thought we shared it before, but my mistake if we haven't, but I can definitely share that methodology openly for sure. There's no there's no secret sauce behind it. \
  \
 


### 00:51:32

  \
**Cheng Wang:** It's simply just volatility calc. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. No, no, all good. All good. I just wanted to to know for myself, you know, probably maybe I missed it, you know, that's why I'm asking. \
**Cheng Wang:** Good question, man. Good question. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Also also for the for the community growth and marketing like do we have um are we going to have like only like water report on on that or is it going to be some meat like at the end of the month some reports light reports I don't know \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. So, we're going to we're actually building that out now. So, internally um there will be dashboards as far as uh what we've spent on. Um so, for example, advertisement is a huge component of that, right? What we spent on where we spent it, what kind of um yields are coming from it. yields meaning like what what KPIs are we seeing right so one one huristic just a rough-and thing I can give you guys is uh right right now is one of the things we're spending a good amount of budget on is on paid advertising right so one of the important things is understanding if we go out there you know in order to get customers onto a we can't just depend on word of mouth we have to do \
  \
 


### 00:52:40

  \
**Cheng Wang:** paid advertising right so that's as you know um so we're doing paid ads on some on x I think we stopped that but we're doing some on meta um we're doing some on um Google as well in addition to like other programmatic ads as well as email campaigns. So you know a good portion of budget is going towards to towards those efforts and um the KPI stemming from that is in the pipeline now we have like I think over um over like 20 potential like bonafide customers that are in the pipeline that we're in different stages of talking to. And so since you know the we we launched this proposal I probably talked to five or six um potential clients that want to use a cost that found a cost through one of these apps right so um that that's one of the important things and these uh the the thing that I have to preach here is like patience again because these sales cycles tend to be long for several reasons one is first time doing like enterprisegrade sales type stuff right within the organization not just like hey you found us cool let's figure out what we can do for you, right? \
  \
 


### 00:53:47

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Um, so we're trying to hone in on the script and what we can do in a repetitive fashion and do them better. Uh, number two is for the people who are coming in, there are various different requirements, right? So, everyone's requirements a little different. Someone has like image to video, someone has like text to video and say, well, okay, well, we we there are some nuances here, some nuances there, and a lot of the stuff is, you know, the core team um working with uh the potential customer here to figure something out. Um so uh CLI for example on I think that was announced last week is is one of the integrations that came out of that um kind of exercise that effort and there will be I'm hoping more very very soon um that'll that'll come to fruition in regards to usage um like just tenants on the network right so um there there are probably there are over 20 leads right now in the pipeline that are bonafide um and it's just about assessing whether they're a good fit for Akash right Um, and when I say bonafide, I mean these are all people who are using at least $5,000 plus per month in GPU spend. \
  \
 


### 00:54:50

  \
**Cheng Wang:** So, you know, um hopefully, you know, we'll we'll substantially add to network spend um in in short order, but but to your answer your question directly, Andrew, um we will do at least um I'm I just did a a long call with the growth team um earlier today and so we're going to go through probably at least in-depth quarterly reporting if not monthly. And so, um, you can definitely at least count on a quarter. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yep. Got it. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. Sounds good. Thanks. Thanks. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Right on. Thank you for uh adding all that color on there. Uh Cheng, um looks like we are about we got about a minute left. Uh been a nice long discussions today. Um do we have any other last minute questions? We can squeeze one more in. Andrew, quick, let's group it. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Yeah. Yeah. I'm squeezing. I'm squeezing. Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me again. \
  \
 


### 00:55:43

  \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me again. Uh so uh yeah I'm probably uh like uh remind me if I'm forget do we still have some like incentivize incentivize or like grant programs for the clients that are basically integrated a cash into their projects but still looking for like um uh grants or like pre seed  funding that can be done via the overclock or the community pool like I know we \
**Scott Hewitson:** I mean that's there's no there's no formal grants program like you would see somewhere you know somewhere else where there's like a committee and they you know they put out RFPs and they put out like things for not \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Not not yet. \
**Scott Hewitson:** yet correct correct and that is actually another thing that with uh you know foundation being stood up operationally stood up uh you know the cor not the correct way the operationally stood up we'll just say that is something that could be um that could happen through the foundation as well cheng go ahead \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, exactly as Hewit said and and also the the other part to that is through the tips program, tenant incentives program, right? \
  \
 


### 00:56:49

  \
**Cheng Wang:** there can be um future iterations of that that include um you know small grants um more potentially sizable ones for particular use cases that are funneled through uh I think projects or or clients that are um approved right through the Akash community as it were. the there there are open systems now that are in place especially via um the DCF as well as the um tips program ultimately that's going to be completely separately managed and will be reported on openly um that will fall under probably uh some of the DCF's perview um you know administered by OCL let's just say right um where this something like what you mentioned could fit into \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** Got it. Okay. Thanks. I just like I was asking because they have like um like great great guys. They are doing like they have like AI uh project that you can build like like VIP coding prompts that are having like one click deployment onto Akash  and yeah they are looking for the like preseed funding. So, and I thought that uh maybe if they are useful for us, uh it could be like, you know, some stuff that we could use like through community pool for the for the like amount of tokens on the \
  \
 


### 00:57:57

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Oh, I see. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** SAT or just like small grant amount to incentivize them. I don't know. That's why I'm just asking. \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah, for for something like that, I think DCF, OCL might be a better fit for it as an entity, you know, uh, as it were. Um, but to get people started with like credits and things like that, that's where a tips program could come in. So, for example, if they want to get started in and try things out, right? Um, you know, that's easily something that the tips program can put a little bit of money towards just to ease the the way into exploring using a getting something stood up and running. That's something tips program I think will be a good fit for. So, you know, it could be a hybrid approach between tips as well as something more structured uh later on down the road. \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** I got it. I got it. Okay. This will \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. Please, please bring it up though. There are specific ones to mention. \
  \
 


### 00:58:50

  \
**Cheng Wang:** Yeah. Yeah. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Awesome. Thank you, Andrew, as always. Um, we're two minutes over. Any other questions? We're already We're already over. Screw it. You got any more questions? \
**Andrew Gnatyuk:** We have two minutes over. We can talk like we have we have one more hour. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Feel free feel free to drop anybody. Feel free to drop. \
**Tyler Wright:** This is our Yeah, Huey. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Okay. \
**Tyler Wright:** This is our last session by Huey, right? We kind of just keep it going for as long as it can. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Just extend it. Kick kick the can, baby. \
**Cheng Wang:** Filibuster. Filibuster. The guy \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah, that's right. \
**Tyler Wright:** Yeah. Filibuster. \
**Scott Hewitson:** That's right. \
**Tyler Wright:** Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I got no more questions. \
**Scott Hewitson:** All righty. All righty. Well, uh, appreciate everyone's time today. Anyone who's watching, uh, thank you for, you know, listening in on these. Uh, really appreciate y'all. Um, please, please, please get involved. Let your voice be heard. You know, some of the best ideas, some of the best like, you know, rebute or what is it? Rebuttals to to ideas come from community. So, keep doing that. Um, it only makes everyone stronger. Um, and yeah, um, gonna miss hosting these. I'll I'll probably still be around a little bit, but uh, with that, we can end the call and I hope everyone has a great Wednesday and we'll see you in the metaverse as W says. \
**Rodri R:** Yeah, hope you foundation and to see your app. \
**Scott Hewitson:** Yeah. \
  \
 


