# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #31

## Agenda
- Updates on leadership and facilitation of SIG Economics following Scott Hewitson‚Äôs transition from Overclock Labs.
- Discussion on decentralized cloud foundation (DCF) operational expenses proposal.
- Review of tenant incentive program (TIPs) progress and network upgrade dependencies.
- Updates on provider incentive pilot (PIP 03) and upcoming PIP 04.
- Open floor for additional topics and community feedback.
  
## Meeting Details
- Date: Wednesday,  September 3, 2025 
- Time: 10:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
- [Recording](https://4n52hef67b4x6azrqwtdrnw7jdfsitxoo73myjoyamamkdk7iweq.arweave.net/43ujkL74eX8DMYWmOLbfSMskTu539swl2AMAxQ1fRYk)
- [Transcript](#transcript)


## Participants
- Tyler Wright
- Scott Hewitson
- Cheng Wang
- Rodri R
- AMerePotato
- B S
- Deathless
- Fenil Modi

## Meeting Notes

### Leadership & Structure
- Tyler Wright welcomed attendees and noted changes in hosting responsibilities.
- Moving forward, Tyler, Cheng, and other Overclock Labs members will co-facilitate SIG Economics.
- Appreciation was extended to Scott for his continued contributions despite transitioning from Overclock Labs.

### Decentralized Cloud Foundation (DCF) Operational Expenses
- Tyler introduced the ongoing discussion around operational expenses for the DCF.
- Scott explained the regulatory backdrop and importance of ensuring compliance with global standards.
- Proposal ensures the foundation operates independently, with funding sourced from the community pool.
- Costs cover custody, payments, accounting, reporting, legal carveouts, and fiduciary compensation for directors.
- Scott emphasized the importance of professional oversight from experienced Cayman foundation directors.
- Plan: Scott to present the [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1013) at the Steering Committee on September 4, 2025, followed by on-chain vote before the month-end.
- Tyler encouraged community members to engage in discussion threads and provide feedback before the vote.

### Tenant Incentive Program (TIPs) & Network Upgrade
- Tyler highlighted progress but noted current TIP functionality is blocked pending network upgrades.
- Cosmos SDK 53 migration is required to unlock new features and address current limitations.
- Console and core engineering teams are actively working to prepare for the migration.
- Cheng reiterated improvements to TIP security and onboarding flows.
- Once upgrades are complete, all providers‚Äînot just a select few‚Äîwill be able to receive TIP workloads, enhancing network inclusivity.
- Emphasis on increased conversion rates and broader customer success through secure onboarding.

### Provider Incentive Pilot (PIP 03) and PIP 04
- Cheng updated attendees on [PIP 03](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1007):
- Aimed at expanding GPU availability with next-generation chips (e.g., B200s, RTX 590s, Pro 6000s).
- Short-term contracts (~12 months) to test unit economics and adoption.
- Designed as a precursor to the Star Cluster initiative, focusing on scaling GPU support.
- Expected budget adjustment upward (~20%) due to contract length and cost efficiency.
- Proposal to be updated and put on-chain by end of day.
- Discussion of PIP 04:
  - A ‚Äúfast follow‚Äù pilot to extend use of existing GPUs (notably H100s) to maintain service continuity.
	- Supports capacity planning with customers as first pilot phases out.
	- Cheng emphasized these pilots help Akash better define market segments (e.g., post-product scaling companies, R&D users).

### Community Engagement & Closing
- Tyler reiterated importance of community participation in open discussions (PIP 03 and DCF operational expenses).
- Steering Committee meeting scheduled for September 4, 2025, will include deeper discussion of DCF proposal.
- Participants encouraged to raise additional items via GitHub discussions or community channels.
- Meeting closed with acknowledgments from participants.

## Action Items
- Scott Hewitson: Present DCF operational expenses proposal at Steering Committee (Sept 4).
- Cheng Wang: Update PIP 03 discussion and submit for on-chain vote by end of day.
- Cheng Wang: Draft and circulate PIP 04 proposal for continuity of GPU supply.
- Tyler Wright: Share discussions (1007 & 1013) and encourage broader community involvement.
- Community Members: Review and provide feedback on DCF and PIP 03 discussions before on-chain voting.


## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All Welcome everybody to SIG Economics. It's September 3rd, 2025. again, as we've talked about previously at our last meeting, our normal host, Scott Huittson has since moved on from overclock. he is, continuing to support in number of other capacities, which is why he's here now today.  But moving forward, I think it'll be back to myself and Chang and maybe some additional support other members of the Overclock Labs team that might be starting to join the SIC economics moving forward. We're going to continue in the same vein that Scott Huittson left us with again talking about what's going on in the last meeting and then from there jumping into any topics anybody wants to talk about more specifically.

Tyler Wright: I know Scott is here as a followup to a discussion that he put up on GitHub. so again I believe he'll also be talking at the steering committee happening tomorrow. so again I'll drop that in there and give him some time to answer any questions or talk if anybody wants to do so.  out of last month's meeting again led by Scott his last meeting he let the community know that he is going to be stepping away from overclock and we talked about a number of items the tips proposal which had just passed on chain prior to the meeting updating some operational expense reports and some proposals that have gone on chain and just making sure there's updates I think there's been some PRs that have been submitted

Tyler Wright: with updated transparent reporting and there will be continued reports for Akash Accelerate and some other events from Q2 2025 that'll be added soon for transparent reporting. we also talked about star cluster and Chang gave us an update on some of the next steps there.  So you can check the notes talked about a number of other items including liquidity pool ideas that Rodri had put forth the validator economics again if anybody is a current validator feel free to join the SIG chain which I think is going to be in two weeks from now or if you're in the validator channel certainly as we prepare for the Cosmos SDK 53 migration there will be a lot going on so if

Tyler Wright: If you're not in that validators channel, please do so. But ABS brought up just some validator concerns I think he and the data net team have Also talked about the DII hub a little bit and a number of other initiatives.  So, again, I know there's a couple of items on the agenda for today, but if anybody else has any other agenda items that they want to make sure get discussed, please feel free to drop them into the chat and then we will add them to the agenda. Cool. All right.

Tyler Wright: one topic that again I just want to make sure gets discussed and I think it's previously been discussed prior to the discussion going up but was discussion 1013 around the decentralized cloud funding operate or foundation operational expenses again this is a yearly cost around some of the programming I know Scott has talked about this during this SIG economics meeting and I'm sure other meetings but we're at

Tyler Wright: the point where next steps are to talk in front of the steering committee. obviously talk here during this meeting. if there's any comments or feedback about the discussion before putting it on chain up for vote after steering committee. So Scott, I don't know if there's anything you want to highlight that you haven't said since last meeting, but I just want to hand the floor over to you to talk a little bit more if you wanted to about the decentralized cloud foundation operational expenses.

Scott Hewitson: No, thanks for the preamble, too. yeah, really it's just, been doing a lot of work in the back and kind of in the background. the regulatory environment is getting more clear and clear every day. So, we're just doing all these steps to make sure, Akash is staying up with everything. it's pretty standard across the industry now. so it's really just this specific proposal is to make sure that the foundation is kind of independent and it's getting funding from the community pool. There's the kind of the separation that you kind of see in other projects.


### 00:05:00

Scott Hewitson: the costs are straightforward. A lot of the proposals you need custody payments accounting reporting all that stuff. and then there's some legal carveouts little buffer. and then the directors of these foundations get paid because they do have fidiciary responsibility to the foundations. so there needs to be some kind of exchange of funds or value for them to kind of uphold that. working with, some professional Cayman folks. they sit on a bunch of different boards or bunch of different foundations. really first rate group. it's two different groups down there. And yeah, I mean I think it's a good step in the right direction for Akos.

Scott Hewitson: just kind of keep things going forward. I don't know what else I have to say about it, but yeah, if you got any questions, comments or concerns, put comments in there. I'll be bringing it up again at steering committee tomorrow. and then hopefully, go on chain for a vote sometime before the end of the month. it's not a ton of funds, but it is significant. so we just want to make sure everything's buttoned up and squared away before we go forward with Any questions?

Tyler Wright: Thank you, Again, I would ask anybody involved in the community, please feel free to drop in comments, questions, any thoughts, votes of approval, etc. Please again, your voice is very much necessary. So, please feel free to ask any questions and we'll reference this as we move into the steering committee and as it goes up on chain.  Cool. Thank you very much, All continuing to move along in the agenda. again, there wasn't too much new that needed to be discussed since our last SIG economics meeting. I believe we talked about using, the SIG economics meeting as a place to talk about the tenant incentive program.

Tyler Wright: some of the work as has previously been discussed around the tenant incentive program is blocked currently by so again once a network upgrade happens sometime over the next few weeks and this is something what the core engineering team product team and community are actively pushing on together. but again once the network upgrade happens there will be some additional functionality that is breaking changes right now that'll be unlocked to improve the user experience around again the tenant incentives and then we'll be able to more accurately give feedback and report against the tips program at that point.

Tyler Wright: So again those funds are custodied and again the console team and the core engineering team are working to prepare for the Cosmos SDK 53 migration which will unlock a number of things on the network but again unlock new capabilities related to the user experience around the tips program.  Is there any other topics that anybody wants to make sure that we discuss as it pertains to SIG economics while we are here live for this month of September?

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I just want to emphasize two points. for tips program, I think fully anticipate the new flow leveraging just more secure interface and everything like that. so sorry if you covered it but just I think hopefully in a few weeks. I don't have a definitive timeline but that's going to be the case here. and so that'll be really good and worth emphasizing again as a result of the enhanced security and scrutiny and obviously blocking and tackling that happens at the beginning of the onboarding flow. the legitimate users should be the only ones getting through. Obviously we can't guarantee anything, right? we will have to keep our eyes on it. But what that also means on the back end is that all providers then will be open to receive these tip workloads as well.

Cheng Wang: So, it's no longer just going to be some, handful or small amount just to kind of mitigate risk, but because of the risk being mitigated up front, all providers would be open to receive tips. So, that would be a huge boon we hope and an onboarding success for us to use cases and clients in through the door increasing conversion and customer success in that way. So, that definitely something to look forward to.  And the other thing is I want to kind of double down what Scott mentioned in terms of the DCF or decentralized cloud foundation that a lot of these things aren't necessarily new but I think formalizing the existing structures or way that we were doing things within existing structures right making the lines really clear making sure we're highly compliant.


### 00:10:00

Cheng Wang: but if functionally from for the outside right all the initiatives and stuff that we're doing none of that ultimately changes as far as our goals and what initiatives we're undertaking but it just cleans up a lot of the internal machinery to ensure again as we get fully compliant and up and up with how things are just being done this day and age. That's all I got for now.

Tyler Wright: Thank you, any other questions or topics of discussion that anyone wants to bring up as it relates to economics on All right. If not, then again we can certainly end this a little bit early. I know some are longer, some are shorter. good to see Scott back again. If you haven't and you join late, there is a discussion. for those please get involved. Make your voices heard around the decentralized cloud foundation operational expenses. Again, this is something that was been talked about the last sick economics meeting and there's now a discussion. The plan is to again steering committee which would move from last week to this week because some folks were out of office.

Tyler Wright: So again, there will be a steering committee meeting happening tomorrow where folks in the community can talk about these things, ask questions, get involved across a number of different areas in their class community and ecosystem. ‚Ä¶

Tyler Wright: but beyond that, their plan is to that proposal up on chain again after the steering committee meeting at some point over the next days, weeks. Go ahead, Chang.

Cheng Wang: Yes, I do have one last thing‚Ä¶

Cheng Wang: which is provider incentive pilot 03 or the third PIP has been on discussion for a while. I don't think there's much traffic there. So, please give a look. I am going to put it up on chain for vote by end of day today.  And let me know if you guys have any questions around that. I'll probably just rejigger it just ever so slightly. for those of you who didn't read it want just a quick TLDDR provider instead of 03 is the precursor leading up to the star cluster initiative. I know we talked about it at accelerate.

Cheng Wang: It feels like forever ago, but I promise you there's a lot of behind the scenes work that is going on to really flush out everything from, the hardware stuff to data center stuff like things that we are not ourselves familiar with because, we're not hardware people. So, getting into that game is there's just, drinking from a fire hose. So, we've been doing just that and trying to hone in on exactly how we should launch Sarcos so that it is successful, low risk and all that kind of stuff,  same way we've approached the PIT program pilots with a phased program. starting small and honing in on the chipsets and everything like that. we're doing the same thing with SAR clusters. So PIP 03 is meant to bring on kind of state-of-the-art chips. The next generation of GPUs from Pro 6000s to V200s to RTX 590s at a decent scale with short-term contracts. I think I'm going to just because of unit economics with providers.

Cheng Wang: it's just hugely costwise advantageous to have it for 12 months. So, we might just refactor to that which bumps the budget up slightly by maybe 20%. But I'll update the discussion to reflect that before putting it on chain. and the idea here is to really hone in and see if we can really develop that particular market that if that market is truly addressable for Akos network as a protocol and as a decentralized cloud, so if that is indeed true we would have kind of cracked the nut on another cohort of users right using those chipsets in addition to the ones that we currently have on the network in terms of H100s and H200s so that'll just hopefully expand right the cohort of users and the market that AOS network can really go in and reasonably tackle. so that'll be a huge boon and really curious success of that.

Cheng Wang: It's really rinse and repeat of the first set of pips, we didn't know who the users were as we knew AI users, but that's just like saying the entire universe. and now we've really honed in on the cohort or type of users how found a home and a caution. They seem to coales all around one specific type which I'll call postproduct scaling type of companies who found product market fit, have a working product and are just figuring out their unit economics and trying to scale.  And the great thing is they're scaling with us, And so Pib 03 really helps push that along. And so Bib 03 kind of helps push that along in one way and also helps explore the additional cohort, right?


### 00:15:00

Cheng Wang: in terms of hopefully R&D folks or additional folks who are in that category right who need the raw power of say B200s and that'll define and within SAR cluster what is the composition of chips we pursue first of all is going to be B300s or should we come down the rung to H100s or H200s so those are really really important questions to ask and this pip should help us define that. and last but not least is nothing is out there yet, but I'm putting some pens to paper around probably like a PIP04. It's a fast follow, which is going to again be a small one to essentially continue some of the existing GPUs we have on the network visa, in terms of 8100 specifically. and that's simply because the first pit is starting to phase out as far as GPUs go.

Cheng Wang: So, we need to continue some of that for our clients until we derive a long-term solution probably via star cluster and to again facilitate their growth, right? They're communicating their plans to us what their outlook looks like in the next six to 12 months. So, we're really actively engaging with our customers to essentially do capacity planning and grow alongside them. so these things are all currently in flight. I know that was a lot of information, but PIP 03, please take a look.  I'm going to update that and hopefully put it on chain by the end of the day today. and then PIP04 will be a nice and tidy little pip to follow up to really continue some of the GPUs, particularly H100s.

Tyler Wright: Love Any questions about anything Chang just brought again, I've dropped both the discussions 1007 and 103 around again PIPO3 and the decentralized cloud foundation operational expenses respectively. So, please please make your voices heard.  insiders, please get other people from the community to be aware of these discussions so that they can make their voices heard. Is there anything else that anybody wants to make sure that we talk about related to sake economics before we hop off? Cool. If not, then again, we'll talk certainly between meetings.

Tyler Wright: If anyone has any questions, feel free to drop any messages or comments in the discussions that we talked about here today. Again, steering committee tomorrow, September 4th, 2025 where Scott will again talk with other members of the community outside the sick economics for first time around the DCF operational expenses. So, feel free to let folks know, but much appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you Tang for all the insights and information you shared about things that overclock and you are thinking appreciate everyone's participation today and yeah we'll talk soon. Hope everyone has a great rest of their day.

Rodri R: You guys.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone.

Tyler Wright: Thank you.

AMerePotato: Yeah.

Scott Hewitson: Thanks, Tom.

Scott Hewitson: Great job.

Cheng Wang: Take care. See you guys.


### Meeting ended after 00:19:05 üëã


  
