# Akash Network - Economics Special Interest Group (SIG) - Meeting #34

## Agenda

* Overview of active governance discussions within SIG Economics.
* Review of Akash Support Services Q3 2025 proposal from Overclock Labs.
* Update on Burn-Mint Equilibrium (BME) implementation and testnet roadmap.
* Presentation and discussion of Reflexivity Research proposal.
* Community discussion on potential long-term chain migration options.
* Forward-looking development and funding process changes for 2026.
* Early ideation on vulnerability disclosure and security programs.
* Open floor for community questions on token economics, fees, and scalability.

## Meeting Details

* Date: Wednesday, December 10, 2025
* Time: 06:55 AM PT (Pacific Time)
* Recording: Coming Soon
* [Transcript](#transcript)



## Participants

* Tyler Wright
* Cheng Wang
* Andrew Gnatyuk
* Michael Thoma
* Isaac Grooms
* Rodri R
* Jannick Haus
* B S

## Meeting Notes

* **Opening Context**

  * Tyler Wright opened the meeting by welcoming participants and outlining the role of SIG Economics as a forum for early-stage governance discussion and community feedback.
  * He reiterated that proposals discussed in SIGs are refined through feedback before advancing to the Steering Committee or on-chain governance.
  * Tyler outlined the main discussion items for the session, including support services, BME progress, research proposals, and longer-term chain considerations.

---

* **Akash Support Services and BME Testing Roadmap**

  * Tyler provided a high-level overview of progress on Burn-Mint Equilibrium and noted that smart contracts are being introduced primarily to support BME pricing oracles.
  * Cheng Wang confirmed that an internal BME testnet would launch shortly, followed by a broader incentivized testnet open to the community.
  * The incentivized testnet was described as the first of its kind for Akash in several years, designed to stress-test functionality, security, and economic assumptions.
  * Cheng emphasized that BME is being developed within the current Cosmos-based chain and is not blocked by longer-term migration discussions.

---

* **Chain Migration Context and Community Input**

  * Tyler revisited prior SIG discussions around the possibility of migrating Akash away from its current chain architecture.
  * He encouraged community members to consolidate feedback and ideas within the existing [discussion](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1123) thread to ensure broad representation heading into early 2026.
  * Cheng explained that migration is a long-term exploration and should not slow near-term feature development or marketplace growth.
  * The core team is internally developing a structured evaluation framework to assess potential host chains across technical, economic, liquidity, and ecosystem dimensions.

---

* **Reflexivity Research Proposal Presentation**

  * Michael Thoma introduced Reflexivity Research as an independent crypto research firm focused on unbiased, third-party analysis for protocols and institutions.
  * He highlighted distribution partnerships with Bloomberg, CoinMarketCap, and crypto media outlets, positioning the research as both institutional- and retail-facing.
  * Michael explained that the [proposal](https://github.com/orgs/akash-network/discussions/1122) offers flexibility in report structure, allowing Akash to align research outputs with upgrades, narrative shifts, or strategic decisions.
  * Cheng requested comparative examples between Reflexivity Research and Messari reports to better understand differentiation and value.
  * Michael agreed to follow up with sample comparisons and additional context via email or discussion comments.

---

* **Research Transparency and Impact Metrics**

  * Andrew Gnatyuk asked whether research impact metrics would be visible to the community, given funding from the community pool.
  * Michael clarified that while Bloomberg terminal analytics are opaque, engagement data from CoinMarketCap, newsletters, and partner publications can be shared.
  * The use of embedded links and tracking mechanisms to measure traffic back to Akash properties was discussed and confirmed as feasible.

---

* **Burn-Mint Equilibrium Mechanics and Fees**

  * Andrew raised detailed questions around how AKT is burned, minted, and remitted within the BME system.
  * Cheng explained that AKT is burned to mint compute credits at lease creation and later reminted when providers withdraw earnings.
  * Compute credits remain internal to the system and are non-transferable and non-tradable.
  * Transaction fees follow existing mechanics, with the initiator of a transaction responsible for gas costs, which are expected to be minimal.

---

* **Token Supply and Long-Term Economic Implications**

  * Andrew and Rodri questioned how BME could affect total and circulating supply over time, particularly under sustained price movement.
  * Cheng acknowledged that in scenarios of large-scale adoption, token economics may need to be revisited regardless of BME.
  * He explained that extreme growth in compute demand could create supply pressure and require a more holistic redesign of emissions and incentives.
  * Cheng emphasized that these scenarios would be tested and evaluated during incentivized testnets rather than assumed upfront.

---

* **Forward-Looking Development and Funding Process**

  * Cheng outlined a planned shift in 2026 toward more forward-looking milestones and funding proposals.
  * Future AEPs and funding requests are expected to include clearer delivery timelines and monthly progress reporting in SIGs and Steering Committee updates.
  * This change follows the completion of major technical backlogs, including the Cosmos SDK 53 upgrade.

---

* **Platform Expansion and Ecosystem Growth**

  * Cheng shared upcoming plans to introduce virtual machines and bare-metal workloads into the Akash marketplace.
  * These features were described as critical for unlocking new user segments and removing adoption blockers for non-Kubernetes workloads.

---

* **Security and Vulnerability Disclosure Discussion**

  * Cheng introduced early ideation around a vulnerability disclosure or bug bounty-style program.
  * The goal is to encourage responsible reporting of issues while minimizing spam and low-quality submissions.
  * He noted that any proposal would be shared publicly for community feedback before implementation.

---

* **Closing and Next Steps**

  * Tyler reiterated the importance of public feedback on proposals and governance discussions.
  * Participants were encouraged to continue contributing through discussion threads rather than private channels.
  * Tyler confirmed that this meeting would be the final SIG Economics session of 2025.
  * The next meeting is expected in January 2026, returning to the regular cadence.

---

## Action Items

* Community members: Review and provide feedback on the Reflexivity Research proposal.
* Cheng Wang and Tyler Wright: Share additional details on BME testnet timelines and incentives.
* Core team: Continue development of chain migration evaluation framework and vulnerability disclosure concept.
* Participants: Consolidate chain migration ideas within the designated discussion thread.
* Group members: Monitor announcements related to BME testing, platform expansion, and 2026 roadmap planning.

## **Transcript**

Tyler Wright: All right, welcome everybody to SIG Economics. Today is Wednesday, December 10th, 2025. usually during the monthly SIG economics meetings, the group comes together to talk about all things related to Akash economics some governance proposals in Apes anything related to the AKT token or again anything related to just again the economics of the network. there are a couple of items that we will discuss today.

Tyler Wright: There are three discussions that I want to make sure get brought up today. Again, as a reminder, the discussions are part of the governance proposal process. Folks come to various SIGs and working groups or connect with the community and then put together they talk about those discussions at SIGs and working groups. and then get some feedback from the community. if the feedback is positive and they want to continue pushing forward then again they present in front of the steering committee or again can put their proposal on chain after they get appropriate feedback. there are a number of discussions that I want to bring up today.

Tyler Wright: I believe Chang will talk a little bit about the Akash support services Q3 2025 proposal from the OCL team. we've talked about the Zeli proposal and that is again passed on chain and we talked about that in sik community. Again Michael who's on the call here I want to give him some time to talk a little bit about the reflexivity research proposal. again really looking for folks in the community if they haven't already to look through these proposals give any feedback ask any questions but shortly I will hand it over to Michael to talk a little bit high level about that proposal and then I guess while we wait for Chang anybody else we did have this discussion in great detail during our October 2025 SIG economics monthly meeting

Tyler Wright: we did not have a sick economics monthly meeting in November but during the meeting in October there was a lot of discussion but also around a high level discussion evaluating a potential new chain for the AOS network. And one of the items that was discussed out of SIG economics was creating a discussion where people from the Akos community can share ideas on why Cosmos might be a great option. andor why moving to another chain or ideas to about when thinking about exploring other chains. So again there was a great deal of conversation from the community. I know there's been a lot of conversation since then.

Tyler Wright: I ask that people start to put that conversation in this discussion as comments so that heading into the new year and heading into the sick economics meetings in January and February there is a lot of representation from the community on potential directions, questions to ask etc.  There is a team that is not here today. but they have been working on potential idea around again staying in the cosmos ecosystem and restructuring some ideas. I can't find here it is proof of authority barakos.

Tyler Wright: this is a discussion again that came out of potential exploration some of the ideas that Greg and the Akos community have been talking about potential issues around security and having to maintain the blockchain and how some of those issues and security concerns can be solved.  So this is again a proposal that came out of the initial exploration ideas as a potential path All right. again I want to wait another minute or so for Chang. I see that Andrew joined us.

Tyler Wright: Andrew, there's a couple of items for discussions that are going to be brought up specifically I think Chang will talk a little bit about the Akash support services. there are some steps being made by the core engineering team to get ME an internal test net and I'm sure Chang will talk about this in more detail.  There will be an internal test net happening over the next couple of days for BME on Akos and then followed by that there will be an incentivized test net. So the core team is developing a strategy on what that incentivized test net will look like. I think our last incentivized test net was over two years ago leading up to test net 3.


### 00:05:00

Tyler Wright: so again there will be an incentivized test net for BME with a goal of the community trying to put the feature through all the paces break it see if there's any vulnerabilities and make sure that everything is super secure and again up to standard before that network upgrade.  So I'm sure again Chang will talk about those couple of items but Andrew I just want to see if there's anything outside of high level discussion some of the discussions again the reflexivity research team Michael representing that team is here and he'll talk about that proposal at a high level and answer any questions anybody has but just want to say if there's anything else that Andrew you or anybody else here on the call wants to make sure that we discuss as a part of the agenda

Tyler Wright: Today.

Andrew Gnatyuk: And so basically if we are talking about hey guys I'm sorry I'm a bit sick today so less talking more listening but yeah so basically if we are talking about the BME more are we taking into account the economics is it going to be changed somehow or all this stuff with the tokens etc etc or…

Andrew Gnatyuk: are we moving this to high level discussions about the new chains and then we are going to talk about the tokconomics basically

Tyler Wright: So the BME will be happening very shortly that will be under the current in Cosmos the exploration of a new chain is a more long-term effort is certainly a priority…

Tyler Wright: but as you know that migration and that whole effort takes a lot of time and thinking So right now it is really in this infancy stage of just trying to collect ideas like we did in that last civic economics meeting in Collect ideas, input, thoughts from folks like yourself that are very involved, have an understanding of different chains, the ugly and can provide some thoughts as we think about what potentially moving to a new chain is.

Tyler Wright: But again the BME feature there is an ape for it that is been around for some time and again the core engineering team is deploying and building off of that ape this which is this discussion that Greg put forth on in September.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah. Got it. Thanks.

Tyler Wright: Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: So yeah, about the chain upgrade. I know that there's going to be some testing of Cosmos, which is obviously on Cosmos SDK still. So, guessing that if it works, there might not be a move to another chain. I wrote about it in the insiders channel right now. which is why I haven't written anything on the other proof of authority discussion, which yeah, like I said, if I'm guessing we wouldn't be testing Kasm was if it wasn't an option to move to another chain or…

Rodri R: something like

Tyler Wright: So just for clarification's sake the kosumwasm implementation on akos will be limited in its initial phase.

Tyler Wright: The idea behind those the smart contracts on aos is it allows a pricing oracle to be used that is a part of the BME implementation. so again smart on contracts are being introduced because it is necessary for BME which is going to be introduced on the AOS network very shortly. so again that doesn't necessarily have any impact on where Akos may migrate potentially if the project goes to another chain.

Tyler Wright: again and this is something that was mentioned after a number of steering in the steering committee a number of sigs the Cosmos SDK 53 migration was a massive effort that took a lot of time involved many dependencies outside of our core team in the community and really slowed down the core team's ability to ship out new features since that Cosmos SDK 53 migration is behind us now as a community. The idea is to push out features much faster than has been done historically whether or not we go to another chain.


### 00:10:00

Tyler Wright: again the Akash marketplace needs to continue to grow and while the core team is thinking about long-term and short term so anything that we're thinking about in the short term has the ability to be migrated elsewhere but again we're not letting the idea of potentially moving to another chain slow down any more development we're the core team and then again there's a number of folks in the community that are also getting involved  in some of these efforts is not going to slow down feature development, improving user experience, making it easier for people to deploy and build providers on the network like that cannot slow down while we're exploring another chain.  Go ahead, Chang.

Cheng Wang: Hey everyone, sorry ran late here. doing a little move on my end here. Yeah, everything that Tyler said and the Cosmos SDK 53 migration is probably the last gigantic chain upgrade of this kind that we'll undertake before migrating the AOS network. So from here on forward, it's a lot going to be focused on just particularly product side features.

Rodri R: No. Yeah. thanks both. That makes sense. was just Yeah,…

Tyler Wright: Amazing. All right.

Rodri R: just why would the core team be testing the Cosmo Awesome contracts if we're still going to be moving? But yeah, that makes sense.  them in on the feature

Tyler Wright: Again, we talked at the high level around evaluating a potential new chain. I would ask that again folks get involved in that discussion. now that Chang is here I know that we were going to talk a little bit about support services. I talked a little bit about BME at a high level and then phase one test net coming soon and then in a phase two will be an incentivized test net and there'll be more information to follow on that incentivized test net because obviously that BME feature is a big feature.

Tyler Wright: I think Andrew had some questions about BME that Chang maybe you can answer. But before we jump into that, I do want to give Michael some time to talk about a proposal that he and his team has been working on.  Again, this is a team that was highly recommended and Greg and some other folks in the community have had positive dealings with. and obviously the AKT token is an important quote unquote product that we talk about in SIG economics. and there are these high quality research institutions that can help again share information.  So, I want to give Michael a little bit opportunity to talk about the proposal and then see if there's any questions from anybody again that listens into this video later can drop in any questions or thoughts in that discussion please to continue to push this forward. So, Michael, I'll hand it over to you.

Michael Thoma: Thank you very much, Yeah, hello everyone and thanks for having me. definitely grateful to take a little bit of your time. Hopefully not too much. So, I am Michael Toma. I'm the general manager at Reflexivity Research. if you haven't heard of us, that's okay, but we're not too dissimilar from the other research institutions like Block Works, the block, Deli of that sort.  So where we're a little bit different, MSARI and Blockworks have our big emphasis on data and dashboards and data aggregation of the Deli has their consulting and ventures arm. we are only about three years old. It was originally started by Anthony Pompiano and Will Clemente.

Michael Thoma: it was super early three years ago and we've since grown a bit but really our bread and butter is we work with a lot of leading foundations protocol teams and even trad folks kind of doing unbiased thirdparty research using our crypto expertise and trying to bridge the gap between what the heck's going on in crypto to more of the institutional crowd where and the proposals there so I won't rehash everything, but really where we stand out, I would argue, is one the name recognition of Pomp and Will some people love them, some people hate them. You can't deny that. they are certainly prolific in the crypto space and Pomp has the ear of the institutional crowd which a lot of people And we have a partnership with Bloomberg.


### 00:15:00

Michael Thoma: So all of our reports that we write go on the 350,000 Bloomberg terminals which that many people can boast. We also have a partnership with Coin Market Cap which all of our reports will go on their monthly newsletter that goes out to a million crypto natives as it were. So we cover a lot of the big money institutional trad stuff including our own newsletter.  We have Coin Market Cap that gets a lot of the retail and we also have other partnerships with others like Beluga and Blockwire which I believe is how we got hooked up and how I spoke with Greg going on maybe last month. started as just a regular outreach talking about this exactly who typically what we do is we sell full reports. some people call them quarterly reports.

Michael Thoma: a lot of our clients, have used Misari in the past and, are very familiar with their reports again, where we're different is just, if you buy a package of four, if you only buy one, whatever, you can use them whenever you'd Doesn't have to be quarterly. They don't have to be look backs or look aheads. They don't have to be very rigid and just simply state this is how many transactions and happened over the last three months. we have a lot of flexibility in how we can deliver value and so we call them reports but I think I'm in the proposal oftentimes people will find creative ways to use our services to most impact whatever the heck they have going on whether that is a big upgrade that's coming up around a conference or just their internal docs or we've worked with early stage projects that need to raise money but a lot of people get creative and we're offering the

Michael Thoma: to you. It doesn't have to be a very dry I mean data is great but just data driven here's what happened. This is a change over x amount of days kind of thing. And so I'll stop there with and leave it with we again can be very flexible with most everything in the proposal. as I mentioned, we've worked with, people like Salana Foundation and Eva Labs and, Near and Maple and some of the biggest projects everyone's heard of and then a lot of ones that you maybe necessarily haven't, so a lot of people find value across all the spectrum.

Michael Thoma: And again, it really with something like, what's potentially good timing for the Akos community is you guys have a lot of things you're considering or potentially changing and making big changes and the ability to either have a third party kind of investigate it, poke holes in it, find the trade-offs involved, and kind of maybe even help, determine the path is very valuable.  But then also just framing the narrative and explaining the why and what is changing and what people can expect and what are the timelines. People also need to know those things. So yeah, let me stop there. I'm happy to answer any questions.  I kept it very high level but that's it and adjust.

Tyler Wright: Perfect.

Cheng Wang: I appreciate that.

Cheng Wang: Thank you for going through and apologies. I haven't read through the proposal in advance, but over the next day or two.  I just have a question because at Akosh Network we have historically relied on or at least maybe reliably a bit of a short one but we historically have worked with Nisari to produce our historical reports and I'm always keen to see what is newer and better out there and it seems like what you guys are doing does seem to align better with what we're looking at to help kind of make the decision.  Are you able to share a historical report that you've done on a project that Misari also has overlap or just a compare comparison compare and contrast rather with an existing project? that would I think highlight some of the key differences between what you guys produce and what Marsari produces because I think that that would definitely help go a long way.

Michael Thoma: Yeah, that's actually a fantastic idea that I'm kicking myself that I haven't done before. But yeah, we have clients that have over overlapped in the past and so I don't have that on hand at this exact moment, but I will find an example of a Masari report and then a RR reflexivity research report and then you can take a look yourself. I post that I guess in the comments and the proposal. Is that where you'd like it?


### 00:20:00

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I think so. If you can't post it or connect it to the comments, feel free to send it to one of us, I think it's probably pretty easy for us to connect by email. You can send it to both Tyler and myself and we'll be able to take a look at it.

Michael Thoma: Because yeah, I just had a thought. Yeah, the MSAR one will most likely be paywalled.

Tyler Wright: Awesome. I think that's a great next step.

Michael Thoma: But I'm sure you guys would have access. But yeah, I'll get a Okay.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, we should have thank you. Awesome.

Tyler Wright: Does anyone else have any questions for Michael about research budget? Anything else? All right.  If not, then please again take some time to read over this proposal over the next couple of days. Please give any feedback. I'm trying to have Michael and his team use this proposal as a source of truth. I know if there's anybody that has any questions, any things that they want to change. again, please drop in this discussion so that they can respond to those items. give feedback, make changes if they see so if they see fit, and then again take next steps.

Tyler Wright: But again for those listening in please give your feedback. For those that know of people that are care about these kind of discussions please make sure that they are looking at this discussion and then giving feedback. Go ahead Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, hey just a quick question. If let's say this proposal will go through and it is going to be approved. after let's say the first quarter will there any visible data that you will be able to share for the community since it's money going from the community pool the number of views cuz I saw through the proposal…

Andrew Gnatyuk: what exact numbers like are you implying to but will we be seeing the number of clicks or maybe you will have all the stats that we can share and see this is pretty much to use it for their cash or not,

Michael Thoma: Yes. the short answer is…

Michael Thoma: what you see in the proposal is almost 80 to 90% of what we can generate. So, when we distribute our reports, the main thing I like to stress, is that the one partner that is the most opaque is Bloomberg. We have a partnership there where any report we put on our website gets pushed onto their terminal and you can see we can, screen grabs and show you there, but we do not have any visibility or granularity in the data beyond that. We just know that it gets pushed to Bloomberg. So, that's the toughest one.

Michael Thoma: the others so our own newsletter, the block wire, the beluga, the coin market cap, all of those we can get data on open rates for that specific piece.  One thing to note is that the cadence of the reports when depending on timing right the report will be released on our site then in our weekly newsletter then it goes to Beluga's weekly newsletter which may be on a different day and then it will go to coin market cap which is a monthly newsletter which will be released a little bit later. So the data comes trickling in rather than a waterfall all at once. So you have to be a little bit patient with us but we do have insights into all of that.

Michael Thoma: And one thing I didn't mention which it may not be feasible part of our partnership and everything is with coin market cap we do quarterly live events that are hosted by Will and Pomp and someone from the coin market cap side. They've traditionally been done on X but we've moved over to the coin market cap platform. it's a live panel event where we get four to five of our clients and a representative from each and we talk about something that's topical or that whatever the prevailing narrative is we try and find a common thread through all of them and that next one is happening this early January. So we may not be able to push this through fast enough in the most optimistic case but I wanted to at least alert you that that's on the table and it's coming fast.  We're trying to fill spots based on, our current clients, but trying to hold spots for maybe potential new clients as well.  So, hopefully that answered your question and wasn't overload because I know I added a little bit

Andrew Gnatyuk: Is it possible to add for example UTM links to that are forwarding to a cache website on some of the newsletters or I don't know in the reports so we could track …


### 00:25:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: how many just people clicked and interesting in seeing what Sakash is building.

Michael Thoma: So if I heard you correctly,…

Michael Thoma: your question was, can you embed just links back to the Akos site to see to track your own traffic?

Andrew Gnatyuk: 

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. embed links. I don't know how

Michael Thoma: So, yep, that's totally fine. our finalized product is typically a PDF, which may or may not hurt, most people are not click heavy on PDFs, but we're still able to embed those in, the newsletters I mentioned, in all the partners.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Got it. Thank

Tyler Wright: Thank you, I think those are Anyone else have any questions for All right, I'm going to drop again that discussion in the chat just so people have it and it'll be added to the notes for this meeting. again, really hoping that we can get some feedback to Michael and his team over the next couple of days, slashw week. I know that they've been working on this proposal for a little bit of time and so I just want to, continue to push this forward. So, please, get involved in this discussion, when you can. Thank you again, Michael. All right.

Michael Thoma: Yep. Thank

Tyler Wright: continuing on, again, I know we talked about, BME, Angra, did you have any other questions about BME? and then I would hand over to Chang to see if there's anything else Chang, that you would like to make sure gets discussed at the SIC economics meeting in December.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. If …

Cheng Wang: go ahead, Andrew. You go first.

Andrew Gnatyuk: I'm reading again through the B&E. So basically it's a stable coin right that is going to be inside a cash system and it's not going to be tradable outside on the exchanges. this right Okay.

Cheng Wang: That's nor will it be transferable. So you could not send this from one wallet to another either.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. No, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah, that's what I just wanted to know. No more brushes my sight.

Cheng Wang: Of course you got it. No more questions. I've heard that live before, but yeah, for BME side, I think one of the biggest things that we want to definitely take note of is expect that we probably will split the test net up into two phases.  the core team will with phase one being just in super small group of internal kind of tire kicking to ensure BME is functional and just not breaking at the very high level of things and then we will open that up to a wider communitydriven test net and I'm sure it's been a little bit of a long while but throwback nonetheless to an incentivized test net.

Cheng Wang: So that's something we haven't done I think since test net 3 if I'm not mistaken maybe four years ago 3 or 4 years ago yeah and BME is going to be the first incentivized test net we've had in a long while and it should be really fun it's going to be incentivized number one because we want to engage as many people as possible to kick the tires and break those things as possible if there is a time to find any sort of potential issues or catastrophic breaks now is the time.  So, that's what we're going to do. But, I don't expect too, I don't think it's honest to expect, too many crazy things to happen because, there isn't going to be this gigantic, thing where the token is tradable, it's pegged to this and creates kind of cycles in that fashion. and along with circuit breakers that are embedded, I think that good amount of protections involved, but nonetheless, I'm looking forward to designing that with the team and community to get the incentivized test that out.

Cheng Wang: So definitely be alerted to that and hopefully that we get that up and running or at least up in discussions with the community before the end of the year.

Tyler Wright: Perfect. Thank you, Chang. does anyone have any other questions about Burn equilibrium? the next steps again there is an item on the core engineering project board for BME it's one of the in progress items.  Again the order of operations is smart contracts is being tested and is in it final testing phase right now which will again be used as a part of the BME implementation and so again phase one test net will be happening very shortly around BME and there'll be updates made in Discord for folks participating and then again following that there'll


### 00:30:00

Tyler Wright: large in an incentivized test net for a BMA to include a wider group from the community and beyond. I'm so looking forward to that test net because incentivized test nets are always so much fun. but again, it'll be great for the future. I know that. any other questions on Bird Mint equilibrium? Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: But just a quick question. I'm running through the proposal again. so how does it actually use? Basically, you're like burning AKT into ACT, right? And you pay the provider in ACT that again gets remitted into AKT or

Cheng Wang: That's Yeah. So, let's just use a very plain example. Let's say someone deploys a workload.

Rodri R: It's an IU.

Cheng Wang: Basically, so everything's pegged to you can kind of think of it that way. so at the time of lease instantiation something costs let's say $5 a day to run. at the time you create the lease and you deposit let's just say five bucks into the escrow an AKT is at that point in time let's just say $5, right? So you create five ACT and five AKT are burned, five ACT are minted.

Cheng Wang: And as the lease kind of runs over the course of that day per block period, right, a fraction of those is going to be paid over to the provider as the workload is run in ACT and then at the time the provider chooses to withdraw whatever ACT act they have earned through hosting a workload that then the ACT gets burned and AKT gets remitted minted rather on the other side to withdraw.

Cheng Wang: So then ACT at no point in time leaves the system. So ACT is purely a compute credit.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Who is paying the fees for all this burning mint stuff?

Cheng Wang: The fees gener it's just who is going to be paying the fees and where is deducted? That is a good question. If I had to guess transaction fees are paid as normal. so right now if you were to pay any sort of transaction fee as a tenant you would pay the fee right for any transactions you initiate…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yes. Mhm.

Cheng Wang: if you withdraw whatever fees that you earned in terms of as a provider you pay whatever transaction fees there right so it should all remain the same that should be I mean infantessimal you're talking about fractions of a penny If anything,…

Andrew Gnatyuk: But So, basically the tenants will have additional fees for burning mint stuff, right? It's not much.

Cheng Wang: a penny here or there. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Hey, no that's okay and…

Andrew Gnatyuk: that's correct. I'm just want to clarify that this falls on the tenants. It's not like I'm accusing somebody of something. It's just like I want to know how this works, …

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah.

Andrew Gnatyuk: at all.

Cheng Wang: Exactly. That should be how it works.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Okay.

Cheng Wang: Yep. …

Andrew Gnatyuk: Got it.

Cheng Wang: we'll see.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thank you.

Cheng Wang: We'll see it live, Yeah. Yeah. and…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Mhm. Okay.

Cheng Wang: if I'm wrong, then I do apologize in advance, let's see. but yeah, in my mind, that should be how it works. Whoever initiates a transaction is whoever should be paying for it.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Got it. Thank you.

Cheng Wang: Mh All right.

Tyler Wright: Any other BME related questions? Again, feel free to also drop any questions or thoughts in this discussion 10:34 which I believe it's been dropped in chat already. All right. Chang, I just want to say if there's anything else that you wanted to make sure was discussed. I know we have the Akash support services proposal.

Tyler Wright: Or if there's any other general topics that you think are worth sharing, please feel free.

Cheng Wang: Yeah, I think there's really only one thing on a forward-looking basis in 2026 the core team is going to move towards…

Cheng Wang: which is instead it's really connected to a couple things.  So what we will move towards in 2026 is looking at features and building against them more aggressively and submitting these apes and funding items with a more forward-looking perspective.  Right now what we've done historically is because there are certain times where features for example the SDK 53 upgrade have run into a few hiccups here and there and delays is we didn't internally have the confidence to go out and say we will complete this thing by X date and have a high degree of confidence of its completion and of course a lot of you have pointed that out rightfully and with SDK 53s being shipped out internally I think the resources are a lot more aligned and focused


### 00:35:00

Cheng Wang: And so what we want to do in 2026 is to shift that focus from, hey, we're going to build this thing and then whenever we complete it, we'll go to the community and ask for funds. Instead of that, we're going to say we're going to complete this thing by this particular point in time, minus a few days hopefully or a week or two. instead of being missing the mark by potentially months. and with that we'll be able to forecast more regularly and the community will have bit a lot more substance and meat to hang on to say okay look the core team has put this out there and that means they say by April or June or May whatever month it is right 2026 this feature should be complete and every month we'll report and track against that in the respective SIGs and of course the steering committee as well.

Cheng Wang: So expect that shift to be more less so to be backward looking and say okay we're going to just build stuff as things come out and things are a little bit chunky and not fluid. Instead we're going to move towards a forward-looking kind of milestone thing to say we're going to complete this particular feature in four months time and every single month we're going to report against that right in calls like this and others. And so that's one of the big changes we're going to push by the end of Q1 2026. the internal teams already working on it and at this point in time we've cleared up all of the backlog that we've been sitting on for a while. The biggest which has been SDK 53 right so yeah looking forward to doing that I would say that would be the biggest change from what you can expect when you look at apes when you look at funding proposals and you look at the speed at which things are being delivered.

Cheng Wang: the other thing coming down the pike sorry if you guys already covered this in the first 10 minutes or so but are going to be absolute core features to the functionality of the AOS network as a platform and that's going to be virtual machines and bare metal and so that's going to be a brand new essentially market if you that's going to be added to the current existing AOS marketplace via Kubernetes and yeah so that'll open

Cheng Wang: up the swath of potential clients that we can service and a lot of folks that have been talking to the core team and others who come to a cop saying hey we want to do this that or the other and ultimately kind of run into a roadblock the virtual machines and then bare metal will be able to solve those completely right for the vast majority of the cases and so we're really looking forward to getting those out and so we'll likely have specs for those and shared at least and then probably early next year, we'll have due dates hopefully set before the end of this year, if not very very early next year for both virtual machines and bare metal.

Tyler Wright: All is there any other topics that anybody wants to talk about? Again, I'll put in all the active discussions in the chat just for people to participate. Again, as I've mentioned a number of times during this call, please just ask questions, give feedback, votes of approval, anything. Just make sure I know that a lot of people support a lot of these things privately.

Tyler Wright: Or may even have questions privately, but please ask them publicly so that the teams behind these proposals can answer and again, I'm sure other people may have the same questions. Go ahead, Jay.

Cheng Wang: I did have one more item. Thank you, Ty. and this is just internally being kicked around at a very early stage at this point in time, but something we definitely want to consider putting up is some sort of VDP or vulnerability disclosure program for potential bugs, challenges, hacks, issues, Obviously, with any sort of these kind of programs like bug bounting program or vulnerability disclosure programs, you will get ton of spam.

Cheng Wang: 

Cheng Wang: you'll get people who say they found the biggest bug in the world and really font size is off by I don't know half a millimeter or something like that right so we're thinking about some designing something like this keep it lightweight and just seeing what comes right because we would rather have things kind of presented to us or brought up in a more white house scenario right and rather than in a more nefarious or potentially the vulnerability just going undiscovered where somebody just comes across it and doesn't say anything. So, we definitely want to formalize a program like that and its details have been put against it yet and I'm right now just going through a lot of internal ideation but whatever we do come up with we will definitely share with the community and get your guys' thoughts on.


### 00:40:00

Tyler Wright: Great call out. Yeah, I think again that process is already underway. So, I'll be following up with a couple of folks on the community especially in the Vanguards about next steps to try to limit that spam as much as possible, but again, we want to be visible so people know where to go if they want to report a bug.  Are there any other topics that we want to discuss as a group for those that are here Go ahead, Andrew.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah. sorry, a few more questions for me. talking about the …

Rodri R: You lied to us.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Go Rodri, you're first. Sorry. Yes.

Rodri R: South Ko.

Andrew Gnatyuk: So talking about the BME model again it's basically not if we are talking about the burn and mint so basically it burn the tokens only in a deflectionary model right so basically if the price of A rises the portion of the token from the B&B vault is going to be burned with that said it's going to change the whole tokconomics like the whole circulating  or total supply of the tokens, And if can it be tracked on the Minskan or elsewhere? And will we be able to see the BME vault in that matter with some token that are not in the circulating supply anymore?

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. All this should be able to be tracked very openly on chain. so none of the information will or should ever be opaque. That's one. And then two is in theory, let's say you had a consistently increasing price over time of consistently then you'll have AKT being burned than it is being minted right because just as you stated seems like you have a really good grasp on mechanics similarly…

Cheng Wang: if there is a consistently down on the price right more AKT will be created or minted rather than burned so over time we expect that to equal out right there it'll be yeah…

Andrew Gnatyuk: B. Yeah.

Cheng Wang: but that's the general gist of it just directionally if it was only one direction and it doesn't fluctuate. that's consistent with what you're saying.

Andrew Gnatyuk: But the question is so I get how the B for example works. you are just sending tokens to some dead contract or something like that and they never falls and you can get them back. But with the mint we can't create more AT then it's in the total supply right so basically yeah go

Cheng Wang: That's right. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. so that's a really good question. in other words, could there I'm extrapolating from what you're saying a little bit, Andrew, So know. but I'll hold my response. I know Roger, you've had your hand up for a little bit.

Rodri R: I was going to add I think in this case we would just be interacting with one or two contracts so there wouldn't be a dead contract at all ever.

Rodri R: I mean,

Andrew Gnatyuk: But that's not really a burn…

Cheng Wang: I'm not sure.

Andrew Gnatyuk: then that's just like freezing the tokens froze and mint I would say cuz bar burn mechanics is when you just destroy the token at all is it only on a dead contract or anywhere else you can't get it the team can't take it away again…

Andrew Gnatyuk: if it's changed it mind and saying hey I didn't want boring So that's the question.

Cheng Wang: It should be permanent.

Cheng Wang: So that the burn is a one-way thing and then mint is also one way thing, right? they're linked on either end of this kind of pipe, if you will, and in the middle is compute credits being exchanged. So that part is true. to answer your question Andrew then to extrapolate that a little bit could there be a scenario where we would have to revisit aos tokconomics in terms of what does max supply look like could there be an event where the max supply becomes a constraint on compute credits and created by burn mint in theory that definitely is possible I think that's one of the things we really need to test out and everything is cool on


### 00:45:00

Cheng Wang: paper, but we definitely need to test that stuff out when it comes time for the incentivized test net. So, to your point, could it eventually lead to a need to rejigger token economics? Absolutely could. even without Burman equilibrium, there eventually will come a time where the tokconomics would have to be redesigned So even it's today ignoring Burman equilibrium let's say it's never a thing hypothetically Akos network can with all the expansion and really takes hold and starts to service a one or 2% of compute just facilitate one or two% of kind of GDP of compute if you will right or transactions on compute generally that would create billions of dollars worth of compute bought and…

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah.

Cheng Wang: sold And at that point in time, you can quickly see how the token supply is currently constrained would actually create pressure to where the compute market will become a liquid, right? at hypers scale at super scale this could in theory happen today, so even then without an equilibrium there needs to probably be at massive scale a redesign of token economics either way but yes you're absolutely right there might be a case where this will be needed and…

Cheng Wang: it's something that the team has definitely discussed internally as far as how we go about exactly doing that not sure yet and that's something that I think that require a lot more thought and work with the community as yes.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yeah, I'm just thinking out loud…

Andrew Gnatyuk: let's say if economics going to be revisited and there won't be total supply cuz it's going to be opened And aren't we open the Pandora box for the traders that are afraid to buy and stake let's say tokens if they know that some amount of supply even mathematically…

Andrew Gnatyuk: but still can be minted above that already is

Cheng Wang: That's true.

Cheng Wang: And we would have to take a more holistic look at I don't want to over speculate on exactly what the solution would be or what people's concerns may or may not be. but It's definitely valid, Whatever solution we design as a core team and community, it's got to be as bulletproof as possible. so what I mean to say if you just take a very concrete example let's just say today a kosh network max supplies 388 million and change right let's just round it up to 400 million let's just say a kosh network were to service potentially let's say in two years time or three years time whatever $4 billion worth of the cloud right in terms of economic units of exchange right or GMV

Cheng Wang: MV gross merchandise value 4 billion is a drop in the bucket relative to what 250 billion up to I think in four years time it's estimated to grow to a trillion and with AI compute it's probably even more and so you can imagine if the GMV that AOS network is servicing on an annualized basis is 4 billion with a token cap of 388 million let's just say you need 50% stake to ensure token and security and chain integrity that  leaves 50% or 200 million tokens free and clear to float about, and let's just say of that 50% are held by speculators and another 50% i.e.

Cheng Wang: 25% of the total supply less than 100 million are in circulation for compute stuff purely comput people using it for utility sake right and you can imagine a world where that part can be squeezed if there's only 100 million tokens in circulation but 4 billion dollar worth of compute being transacted across the network that could be squeezed and that could create a runaway effect with price going up invariably say it's not really a bad problem for a cost to have but it could have a kind of rubber

Cheng Wang: van effect on the other side which is to say who for the speculators they could in theory kind of door soros the thing and manipulate the market by hogging a bunch of tokens right to make compute more scarce on the network or harder to buy to per unit of AKT so that creates a whole host of other issues too right so what I mean to say is I'm using this very kind of straightforward brute forced silly almost example but somewhat realistic to illustrate that tokconomics will I think need to be redesigned no matter what and so this is a problem that we thought about three years ago four years ago when we first launched the thing but it's something I don't think we should really address right now because it's not the challenge that we have but to your point with BME it does kind of accelerate I think that category of concern


### 00:50:00

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. Got it. Thanks. Sorry.

Cheng Wang: Yeah. Yeah,…

Cheng Wang: no problem. it's super interesting. I love this stuff. and You're absolutely right. we do have to look at it, but it's got to be holistic. I know I can't give you this is how we're going to be able to do it. there's no problem with this. and I would love to make these blanket super high confidence statements, and re rename myself to Stable Chang, but we know how that story Can't do that. We got to really think these things through and keep an open mind, and part of the open incentivized testing is to make sure that you got to do things if there are issues, address them and just be flexible because you can't predict everything, right? So,

Andrew Gnatyuk: Yep. I Agreed. do we like making predictions on what chain are we moving? do we do some gambling stuff on that?

Cheng Wang: We need to do a say hold we need to do a lot more homework.

Rodri R: Stable Chang,

Cheng Wang: So there we're creating internally a rubric essentially to evaluate potential change, right?  So, we're finishing a very thorough RFP request for proposal internally that we'll be sharing with the dozen plus foundations that have reached out to us and to say look can you basically help us do this right and historically covered before but we'll codify this in kind of a rubric and an RFP is what kind of support will you provide us both in terms of manpower and economic support i.e

Cheng Wang: the money right to fund whether it's fund through a contractor team, their internal dev team, whatever it is to support the migration because the internal team is going to be helping as well and doing a lot of the lifting but there's also the application stuff we have to push forward right so that's one area too is another thing is liquidity how deep is the aggregate depth of all of the chains currently in that particular ecosystem in addition to the host chain what is the ratio of the two what is the composition of projects on these chains how successful or unsuccessful have they been? and, in addition to a myriad of other things like code bases, growth potential, where are they listed, for example, all that kind of stuff. and as well as the technology stack, right? there's the technical side of things, there's the business side of things. if you had to draw not maybe or 10 poles, right?

Cheng Wang: So there's ecosystem and technical as So we'll flesh those things out. Right now it's kind of like jumbling around in my head at the very least.

Cheng Wang: Greg has a much better handle on it and he's the one writing the RFP. So we'll definitely get that codified and shared, but it should be a public process in short.

Tyler Wright: If anybody has any concepts that they think should be added as a part of the RFP,…

Tyler Wright: please drop them in discussion. if Chang, Greg, and others haven't thought about that already, again, it's always good to get some feedback from the group. Go ahead, Roger.

Rodri R: I asked insiders are we supposed to leave that our info or our ideas on this last discussion 1123 right or…

Rodri R: is there going to be a new one right?  Yeah.

Tyler Wright: No, no.

Tyler Wright: You leave your thoughts on that discussion for anybody in the community. That'll be the source of truth for all things like Any other questions, comments, concerns? I know we have two minutes Been a lot that we've again, please get involved in discussions. Thank you for all the questions. Again, I know Michael had to drop.

Cheng Wang: What's happening?

Tyler Wright: Appreciate please again for projects whether from the core team at OUCL or from anybody in the community, please just give them feedback. so that they know how to move forward. this is a very very active community.

Tyler Wright: It's one of the pride and joys of the Akash ecosystem. But please make your voices heard publicly as much as you all do in other channels and please urge other people to do the same. Thank you again everybody. Thank you Chang for all the updates from the OCL side, all the good questions.


### 00:55:00

Tyler Wright: Appreciate everyone's time today. we will get back to our normal schedule of the first week of the month, maybe in February, but we'll have a SIG economics meeting probably the second week of January 2026, but this is the last one of 2025. So, it's been a great year. Again, this is a great group. I'm really excited for the new year. And again, look out for vulnerability disclosure some of the information there.

Cheng Wang: What the heat?

Tyler Wright: again we'll make sure that we talk to some key vanguards and in insiders about what that process could look like where to find that information as well as again BME incentivized test net which will be more information will be shared very shortly hope everyone has a great rest of their day again thank you all for your participation and I'll see you all in the new year thank

Andrew Gnatyuk: Thank you guys.

Rodri R: Thank you guys.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye. Bye.

Cheng Wang: Thank you everyone.

Isaac Grooms: Thank you.

Rodri R: Have a nice day.

Andrew Gnatyuk: Bye. Bye guys.

Cheng Wang: Take care.

Cheng Wang: See you.


### Meeting ended after 00:58:01 👋

